28 Responses to Help the dead in the San Francisco shopping centre
The 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in his home in a local shopping centre later this week.
The victim's brother, however, did not think that he could be the one who might want to hurt her, adding: "in the end, things were going well for him."
The bodies of San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, 28, were found at the Westfield shopping centre on Wednesday morning, authorities said.
San Francisco police have determined that the cause of death is homicide, and research continues.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, of the ABC station in San Francisco, had previously been working as the chief of the kitchen division in Boston, where he was hired six months ago to work as chief of the kitchen department at the San Francisco 49ers, he said.
Sons & Co., who was also the reverse official, stated that the deaths were "hard and very sad."
"we are a small team working like a hard family here and he will be very miss," the spokesman said.
This is the tough time Frank's family are not alone, and our prayers are with them.
Louis Galicia, Frank was initially staying in hostels, he said, and "finally, things were good for him."
Louis Galicia, said, "I kept an apartment and was out with a girl.
Louis Galicia has said that he does not think he could be the one who might want to hurt his younger brother.
That was a huge heart, which was a gentle one.
The way to bond with the family was always to prepare a plate for us, to eat us, "said Louis Galicia.
Attempts would never be like getting to the vaccines.
My brother, were in compliance with every situation.
"all the other things in the world went up," he said, adding that he was a virgin for every day.
The owner of the information, 415-444-444, was asked to search for the SFPD bar from the phone.
Assist doctors on strike: calls for new business to slow down
Assist the representatives of the doctors in connection with the dispute about a new contract to allow the unions to slow down their business.
The Association of British Tablets (BMA) Asks Doctors Committee (JDC) has called on the general council to support the action to slow down more business from the beginning of September.
JDC said the ministers had failed to address concerns about the contract.
Assist doctors and medical students in the rejection of the contract agreement with BMA.
This was rejected by 58% of the members who voted.
In a tweet on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC president, Knudsen McCourt, stated that the government remained "silent" on the problems caused by the rejection of the contract.
In light of this, he said: "in light of this, the JDC board voted to reject the proposed new contract and called for a resumption of formal negotiations on concerns."
In response to the silence of the government, the JDC Board has submitted a formal request to the BMA Board to allow a programme to slow down business from the beginning of September.
The dispute prompted the rebels to join six strikes, including the first total cut in the history of the Nation this year.
Dr Johann Malawana, the leader of the rebels in Bma, resigned after the BMA voted against the terms of the proposed contract.
54,000 rebels and medical students voted during the preceding meetings to give BMA members a good deal that should be considered.
After the vote, the Health Minister, Jeremy Hunt, stated that the contract would apply to doctors in Great Britain.
Russia and Turkey: a 'alignment' alliance?
This was a gesture that terminated the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met to shake hands on Tuesday and announce the official end of the eight-month war with the word and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart at the crowded hall of the St. Petersburg Palace, it was obvious that Ankara was the most willing to compromise.
Handshake, yes.
But Mr. Putin's smile was quite weakened, and even against his own limited standards, he cannot be said to have spread any temperature.
Unlike several times, Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke of his "good friend" Mr. Putin; five times, according to a report.
I am surprised by the number.
He also promised that relations with Russia will not return to the pre-crisis level, much higher levels.
The next day, a newspaper here said that Mr. Erdogan had never been acting like a bad thing.
I think he was the opposite of the excitement of it.
But in the cold intifada around Mr. Putin, the Russian leader showed that he had not forgotten anything.
In fact, the first thing mentioned in the opening was the reason for the crisis: the shot of the Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
Was then filled with the response of Russia.
Mr. Putin, by a sharp exit, accused Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
After a lot of fuss, the opposing side seemed to be friendly.
Confidence that it will be difficult to truly rebuild, perhaps impossible.
Since November, the idea of the people of Russia has changed.
The state-controlled media has targeted Ankara in a staggering and aggressive way for several months.
Suddenly, everything was criminal Turks.
The most serious of these was the accusation that senior officials of Mr. Erdogan's family profit from illegal oil trade carried out in areas under the control of the so-called Islamic State in Syria.
Himself definitively denied it.
But the official message from St. Petersburg was that it was time to continue the path.
Ultimately, the reason for this meeting was that Mr. Putin had received the apology demanded from the president.
Russia can see it as a sort of victory.
Benefits for a ceasefire call for Ankara are very clear.
But first, he needs friends after the failed coup, which took place last month and which will almost take over.
Repeat in itself highly influenced by the terrorist attacks.
Also effective for economic reasons.
The sanctions imposed by Russia are hard hit; especially the prohibition of private flights carrying a few million Russian tourists to the coastal areas of Turkey each year.
That number has dropped by almost 90%.
The tour operators and leasing companies in Russia are certainly relieved with the fact that the flights will continue.
On the intensity of the end of the season in the Mediterranean.
And earlier this week, state television predicted a decrease in the prices of fruit and vegetables, with a rebound in the import of Turkish agricultural products.
"tourists are there, tomatoes are there."
The visit, however, was also available in a separate political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for failing to find sufficient response to the coup d'état.
The talks on joining the United States have also been added to anger over a long time due to the progress of the countryside, with Turkey breaking off ties with the West and seeking to take advantage of the standoff with Mr. Putin.
The Russian leader seems to have gathered sympathy from Ankara, certainly due to the call for the support of elected officials following the coup attempt.
Not to forget, he himself was carrying a profound fear of regime change for Moscow, which was an inevitable position.
This summit, which is held at the seaside this crowded palace, represents a "alignment alliance" between Russia and Turkey in the way an analyst tells me: the West refuses and is acting poorly.
Despite this consensus, though, they are quite different from each other.
One of the most important of them is about Syria: Moscow itself as a mediator, but Russia and Turkey support different sides.
After almost three hours of initial talks, the two speaker didn't address this issue at the press conference, as he supports it.
The President has openly avoided answering a question regarding these differences, while Mr. Putin chose to underline them.
There is no clear consensus on how to set the common ground in Syria.
But after months of clear animosity - and that of a member of that Russian fighter plane hit and dropped, the potential for absolute disaster exists - at least the two leaders begin to speak, at least in a good development.
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears for customers outside of Scotland
The RBS brand, according to the chief executive of the bank, will be in the rear office position.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be destroyed for customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan said the BBC Scotland RBS brand is associated with the global goals of the bank.
Almost west of the state eight years ago, to withdraw from them and to give up.
During this time, brand strategy experts used RBS to protect other consumer financial brands.
This was supported by millions of pounds for many sponsors from the six nation Ragbi championships to the Wimbledon Andy Murray championship.
But now, however, the discovery of more national brands will be right.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used by Scottish customers but there will be no new beginnings.
The centre and the Welsh centre and the stock exchange on the condition that all references to RBS will be replaced as NatWest.
Already used in the Ulster Bank brand for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The individual banking will assume a much more dominant task for smaller brands in the current; Coutts, Adam & Co., Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan was interviewed in a round of competition for customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
Speaking to BBC Scotland, he said: "we will now become a bank consisting mainly of brands, we will no longer be brand investors and our staff will not be the brand of employment."
Since the bank itself has become a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
I say it is no longer global, but our local goals.
Also, each of these brands will be put forward in a slightly different way on the community, and our staff will work under the name of these brands with customers.
RBS will not continue sponsoring the six nation championships, and it is time to raise the profile of different brands on sports sponsorship.
"now the brands have time to move to understanding the bank because (we have asked ourselves) how can a better bank do it for customers," said the executive board.
Three years ago, we will be a wonderful bank for customers and we have stated that we will offer these brands to those who will find it.
Through our work, however, and not our own, I think you will see too many changes with the focus on the needs of customers.
We can put these brands back in place, so I think this is the right time.
Frankie Dettori, with which he gained the Newmarket with the victory, won the 3000th
Detail of the double success of the Newmarket with the victory of 3000th after the champagne exploded
Jodie Frankie Dettori won the 3000th victory in Britain on Friday in the Newmarket.
The local track, trained by John Gosden, won his second victory of the night with the announcement of this milestone.
Italian, 45, was the sixth rider to reach this milestone in the hurdles.
He was followed by the traces of himself, Gordon Richards, Zug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie at last.
Jodie, who had previously won three titles in Ghayyar, said: "this is a special situation."
I'm very emotional because it is here in my family
I was really very happy to be on the Newmarket when I started this 30 years ago.
This is not an important meeting, not a Royal Ascot - with just 20,000 people on an ordinary Friday night.
I feel at ease and feel relieved.
Detectives, following the victory, accepted the cheers by bringing the
Disabled runners became the first to reach this milestone in two jets: champion Joins Richard Johnson and 20 time champion, and with a record of over 4300 victories in his career, retired Joins Anthony McCoy.
Lester Piggott, who won the Derby race nine times in his career, has a 4493 victory
Frankie is one of the best comics of our age, and it's not surprising that he reached a milestone when he was only a few people before him.
Style is the owner and a strong person, but the scales have the element that is heavier than others in the tactical mentality.
He himself represents an extraordinary way of racing, in this regard, to recognize the excitement and darkness of people with this sport.
Just a few weeks ago, I was told that I could have reached the 6000th victory if I were to go to Frankie just on weekends and competing in the big races.
Seriously, to be serious, Frankie competed in the United Kingdom with a big part of the 30 year victories that it was very nice to see.
He is quite a character himself, and this is a very good feature for British racing but beyond that it is an extraordinary feat.
Frankie Dettori, who had become a symbol of this milestone, celebrated with the movement of horses at
To finish off the competition, the horses, from the horses to their jobs, move in as many as Frankie Dettori has become a symbol of British hurdles for twenty years.
This is a path that has had its ups and downs.
In 1996, he won several major races, including the famous' Great Yin 'victory, but was left alive in a plane crash and banned due to failure to comply with the drug ban.
Three years ago these six months of divergence were particularly difficulties during his return to the process, but those who suspected him were unfair and needed to return to the best of a strong character.
And may continue for a while; Dettori previously said he wanted to continue the contest until at least the age of 50.
Russian president Putin, special had Sergei Ivanov dismissed the
President Vladimir Putin, the special had Sergei Ivanov unexpectedly dismissed.
Mr. Ivanov, for many years, was part of Mr. Putin's trusted close.
63, now as special representative for environmental and transportation issues.
In a statement, the Kremlin said in a statement that Mr. Putin "made the decision to end Ivanov as chief of the administration of Russia" but did not give any reason.
For this position to Mr. Ivanov since 2012, Anton Vaino.
Vaino, 44 years old, is a former diplomat.
He was born in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia in 1972, graduated from the renowned Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the embassy of Tokyo.
He later became interested in the administration of the presidential protocol and government personnel; the wording of the Kremlin website is in this shape (Russian).
After the deployment, Mr. Putin said: "thank you for your trust in me."
I think that the most important task of the administration is to support your activities as the head of the state in terms of auditing the enforcement of the law and the enforcement of the instructions.
Mr. Putin said Friday he wanted the removal of Mr. Ivanov from the Russian television station and proposed to Mr. Vaino instead.
Smile convincing?
This is a move that shocked Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov, for a long time, was working as one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, the security forces of the KGB.
Especially as he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
During a meeting with Putin and aired on state television, both said they had voluntarily dismissed the special stay.
Despite the smiling parts given to the cameras, however, very few people here are convinced of it; especially at this time of the parliamentary elections.
Is this a kind of ruling from a dispute?
Nobody knows about it yet.
The official statement, however, was greeted with great suspicion that a person could be president to direct Russia's environmental policy.
According to excerpts from the Kremlin website, Mr. Ivanov added: "in a speech in early 2012, you can say this is tough - even problematic - I wanted you to count on me for four years for the task.
Well, apparently, four years, eight months, I served as the head private.
Mr. Ivanov assumed this post in December 2011.
He had previously held positions of deputy prime minister and defence ministry.
Himself, a member of the Security Council and former member of the KGB state security forces, such as Mr. Putin.
At the end of the 1990s, Mr. Putin was replaced by the KGB, the head of the Federal Security Forces (FSB), while Mr. Ivanov was acting him.
When Mr. Putin came to power, Ivanov was shown as one of the five most trusted people.
Mr. Putin also presided over the third period in which it was unconstitutional that Mr. Ivanov might be president after the second term of Mr. Putin.
However, his task was transferred to another close ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr. Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidency three and a half years later.
CRIMINAL Minds series star Thomas is the last of the producers to hit the chase after
Last month, the last of the series in Los Angeles became involved in a physical fight.
ABC has produced the series, and CBS Television, a joint statement, announced that he was fired.
Special Ajit Aaron Hotchner, who was the last of the last, ahead of the announcement, issued an apology on Tuesday.
Differences on the creative issues of the set and a dispute is available.
"I regret that such an incident took place," he said.
ABC Studios and CBS Television is reporting that the character, played by the last of a group of FBI agents, will be removed from the program following detailed information on how the program will be issued at a time in the future.
The 54-year-old actor, who had previously been involved in the situation at Dharma & Greg, was not involved in the programme since his first season in 2005.
"I love CRIMINAL Minds, and I have worked with him for the last twelve years, giving him my heart and soul," said the last of the statements issued on Friday.
I would love to stay until the end but this is no longer possible.
I just want to thank the authors, the producers, the actors, our wonderful team, and most importantly, the best supporters who could have a schedule.
The schedule for the second season is expected to return to the screen on September 28.
Banff the mystery of the fish in the garden
A person who lives in the Banff area has applied for help to define the fish that originated in the yard in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that this 75 fish could be transported with a sea of sand fish.
Bain, who lives 500 m away from the sea, has published the footage, hoping to shed light on the emergence of someone's two-long fish.
Pass Pass: the bridge is now conditioned to Fife
£1.35 billion worth of the project must be completed by May 2017
Engineers have joined the north and the north of the Northwest Territories; this means that the bridge is now tied to Fife.
This is the first of the four shutters between the "cylinders" which are to be completed around each of the three towers of the bridge.
The bridge is cut from Fife 600 metres long and weigh 30,000 tons.
10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 support cables.
The project, worth 1.35 billion, must be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the facilities today, one of the first people to walk from the land bridge.
Said: "this is a historical and symbolic moment in the construction of the Northwest Passage.
We all bridge over 30,000 tons of concrete used for the construction of this part of the project, with this project truly epic scale engineers.
Maintaining the gap between the base of the bridge and the base of the bridge, despite the extraordinary size and weight of the bridge, is a sensitive work that requires very delicate tolerance for this adjustment.
In general, almost 79% of the total bridge base has been settled, meaning that the first cut of the coffin will be carried out in the concrete washroom today, which means that the entire plate will be ready to be removed on the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Forth Crossing and Bridge Developers project, said: "all bridge projects, the first closing is always an important milestone.
This extraordinary project, this closing, represents the predecessors of construction engineers.
We had to close the gap on the north-or-side of the road, which was also placed on the last road base and after the widening North Tower level.
In the north, this was carried out to the south by 700 millimetres.
This is very large but also a very delicate function.
The major reason is that the vulture is 222 metres long, weighing almost 6,000 tons and was required to pull out about 3%.
Delicate part of the reason why the team was suited to comply with the values was very low; it was only a few millimetres on both sides.
Fortunately, everything went on.
Moelfre Gulf rescue team: three men are lucky to be alive in
The three men were "lucky to be alive" after their fall from the fishing boat in Anglesey.
Moelfre RNLI watchdogs were on the alert at 13: 20 a.m. on Friday, after the car was tipped to see the case in the Gulf of Moelfre.
The three men were striving to swim towards a safe area while their craft continued on its own.
"we have seen the boat draw the right apartments for them, and we have anxiety," said Moelfre watchman.
"fortunately, we were away with strong winds until we set them right," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat while the third man, 60, had fallen tired, even though he had fallen tired of a shaman without being found.
All the way towards the shore of the watchtower, and the watchman was brought to the station
Mr Jones said: "the three men who crashed into the water were lucky because they were alive and never was hurt.
The boat engines had an emergency stop cable but when it came to the boat, one of the people using the boat should have been cut off.
Watching someone of these three men today.
A valuable form of hunting for health and happiness, Pokémon Go
It's really a shock to see how the world has changed.
When young people and children are no longer playing out for the game, choosing to spend their empty time on the screen, most people feel sorry for the last ten years.
Pokemon Go people are encouraged to move up from the wings.
The time spent by looking at the screen, especially when they were limited to television, eventually video games and finally the smart phones spread to them.
For that reason, it's really great to see that there are no elements that exclude each other in technology and open air.
In the course of the 90's, of course, I was talking about Pokémon Go, which was originally created for the video game (then turned into cartoon series, game cards and other side products).
Just like a lot of the popular culture, this new game was introduced in early July when it was presented in the US, Australia and New Zealand.
I then postponed the presentation in other countries due to the intense interest caused by overloading the servers.
In the days Pokémon Go Tinder is more and more and almost the same number of users with Twitter.
How does it work?
To explain briefly, the players are taking smart phones, followed with GPS in the way they look for Pokémon, and can upload a photo of the timer (by phone) or catch them on the phone. '
The game can be traced back to the search for a generation who has participated in this madness.
In the United States, the game has provided a remarkable increase in the number of steps taken each day by an "average" person.
The application, which was developed for Apple Watch, and which was developed for 375,000 users, was introduced in the Washington Post shortly before the game was presented to people trailing within two days of 30 days of exercise each day, from 45 percent to 53 percent, the person said.
The company does not know who Pokémon Go plays; you can only see crude data at the exercise level.
The most public health campaign, which encourages people to "disappear from the blood of 30 minutes," and "to be active every day," most public health campaigners ignore the fact that most public health message is boring and overwhelmed by people who seem to be overwhelmed by it.
But still, the importance of exercises is less than stress.
Regular exercise, people who are suffering from cancer or depression is reduced.
The exercise, of control, helps issues such as high blood pressure and diabetes, and has a long list of benefits that cannot be listed here.
Pokémon Go's beauty, however, is that people come out to do something they enjoy.
In this way the health is covered in three essential elements: movement, clean air, and entertainment with sunlight.
Some people can even be new friends during the hunting.
As usual, there are those without walls searching for something to complain about.
And, of course, one can hit the pavement.
What makes the difference?
Presented a great innovation.
Fitflex is watching our offensive smart phone practices, such as this game, but did not offer us a reason to exercise like that.
The impact of defeat and use will eventually be reduced.
However, due to the success of Pokémon, practices and virtual reality in the real world activities combine to combine with those that are more active, form and healthy, which will help in many games.
Posted by Dr. Joe's blog, www.drjohnt.com, read the
Simone Biles covered the gold in the women's gymnastics general assessment
Forget about the pressure.
Forget about the excitement.
Similar to all of them, there are tons of donations.
Jumping on the dynamic.
Comfortable in the balance.
Place with shock.
Especially down the slope.
And he is no longer an Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast, who also completed his overall assessment Thursday, made it clear the difference between himself and the rest of the world in the Olympics.
All in all, 62.198 points were awarded to the silver medal winner and a fellow of the "Last five" team, ALY Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafaj.
Simone Biles from the United States of America performed the balance in the women's figure gymnastics general evaluation final at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Biles took the overall assessment award in the back of the fourth and became the fifth American woman in general, and his own, and perhaps the best of all time.
I burst into tears when the last total was released, and it turned out to be the main goal that ended the long travel.
This success has brought the sport to new levels, bringing the sport to new levels, which could be seen once in every generation, with athletes such as Michael Phelps at the same level:
He went on to win 15 world championships medals, including 10 of his last three years of gold, and the 1984 Olympic champion, Mary Lou Retreton, described him as "the best gymnast I've ever seen," with a mixture of ambitions and precision as one of the most successful in this sport.
Brazil is the latest in a test of it; this competition went far from being among other people in the area with him and great expectations of the burden.
Been in Spring, the family home with less than a handful of gold medals would be regarded as a disappointment.
Simone Biles, left, and ALY Raisman from the United States, left, and ALY Raisman are on Thursday, after receiving a gold and silver medal at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Brazil.
Biles won on Tuesday as a sign of his farewell party co-ordinator, Marolyi Karolyi, a retired national team co-ordinator.
Went to the summit to insist that you never look forward to this long run, although this is not exactly true.
Part of the exercises that become the symbol of the cliff, including the passage of the pimp, will fully adapt to the street outside the Rio Olympic Arena with the Latin music of the article.
This is not a coincidence.
The girl was discovered by her great mother and her great father, and Aimee Boorman, who was adopted by her mother in a gymnastics salon on the tour, became a force when she was discovered by her mother.
He has not lost one of his overall evaluations since the summer of 2013; this went on as long as he wanted a win in the series.
Although he took over the leadership of the two routes, Mustafic said it was ephemeral.
Billions of world title balance equipment and place exercises have not yet been done.
The balance was put forward with a score of 15.433 points, and the exercises included it with a score of 15.933.
Raising his kindness while waiting for the final score, Raisman hugged him at ease, and went on to say that once a smear of his vision was real, the glow of red, white and blue appeared around the corner of the eye.
Raisman's performance was like a rematch four years earlier, when he shared the fourth, but later lost to Mustafic.
This time, the captain of the team, 22, called the Americans "Nine."
He looked suspicious at the time when he was overcome with a return to the place where he kissed the crowd.
While Biles, 19, shared many shared tweets earlier this week, now is an entirely new mean:
Police: serial killer case of 3 victims, shot while listening to music in the car
Phoenix's first serial killer in ten years, two women and a 12-year-old girl, spoke in the car on Thursday, according to police reports, and was shot while listening to music.
The officials said Angela Rochelle Liner, Stephenson R. Ellis and Ellis, the daughter of Maleah, had been shot in the car on the way to a garage on June 12.
The report said the gunman was standing on the passenger side of the car and fired eight shots with the pistol and another vehicle away.
Police say these three murders did not appear to be robbery because the aggressive adult victims had no money in their handbag or $2,900.
Deputy commissioner Jonathan Howard, a spokesman for Phoenix police, said the armed attack researchers were directed to examine whether it was linked to the previous four attacks.
Four months in total, seven people were killed and two others wounded in nine attacks, mainly in the neighborhood of Spanish origin.
Howard said at the beginning of this month that the CBS subsidiary KPHO was in the residential area in front of a house. "
Key in the late 1990s, a model of brown Nissan was thought to have been driven by a few vehicles, including a model of black BMW and a white Cadillac or of the late 1990s.
The researchers declined to reveal the evidence, which concluded that the attacks were related to the same killer and that it was carried out by the same killer.
Ellis (33) was taken to hospital because of his injuries and subsequently died.
Liner (31) and Ellis's daughter Maleah died at the scene.
Speaking to a person who was involved in the incident, police said these people were sitting in the car parked in a regular offline situation.
At the same time, authorities also released a police report on the incident, which resulted in a fire targeting an empty truck half an hour before the three murders.
The researchers found those bullets, a bullet from a couch, and also bullet holes in the engine.
Microscope, the mother of 6, said: "it is better to have a
Like most of his six year old children, Edmund Picciuto is also singing, toys and, of course, his mother, too.
Unlike his peers, however, Edmund exists in the lodge; this is a genetic disorder that his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, is not aware of its existence during the onset of puberty.
When I first came home, I wasn't able to do it in my first thought.
I wasn't able to do that.
I did not want it.
These are not true, of course, but it is also the highlight of the course, "he said.
He and his wife, Vincent, were told that Edmund could never recognise them and could not even survive.
I went so far as to suggest that some doctors would offer to be invested in the care home.
Picciuto "first reaction was to say that I do not think people are doing it anymore.
Edmund can walk with the help of a walk.
Edmund was unable to sit upright until the age of three, or his retirement, and still unable to speak.
But he slowly reaches some turning points.
Assistance can walk and ride by bicycle.
He also enjoys playing with his two brothers and loves to sing.
Elizabeth, Edmund, indicates the language of the dreamer, which means "please sing to me."
Picciuto, CBS News, said to him, "I have taught him the language of
This is not the language of the sign, as we know, however, that Edmund has made up his own signs.
Mikroefali may arise due to a number of different situations; a genetic defect such as Edmund may be present in a genetic situation, and during the raw materials, such as the daughter and Zika, can be derived from infections.
Symptoms and the onset of the disease can show huge differences.
Zika infection in the life of people who would be affected by this situation is rather premature.
Picciuto remembers the emotional burden posed by the uncertainty of the future.
I constantly ask what will happen.
What will happen?
And he still does not know it.
In fact, I did not expect anyone to really say to me that I did not have a question about the disease for a long time.
Picciuto, however, has been able to offer lots of hope for the mothers of premature babies whose apology is due to Zika.
Getting better.
You know it will be better for you.
If you love your child, your child will love you.
Louisiana, Mississippi, where intense rain and water raids have panicked
Heavy rain and widespread water raids in Louisiana were directed to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected by Saturday.
The National Air Conditioning Services reported that the youngsters burst into numerous rivers in northeast Louisiana and Mississippi, and that it was in danger of widespread water raid following intense rain flow.
Louisiana Governor John Bel made a statement that state officials repeatedly had contacts with local officials and expressed support for the neighborhood affected by the situation.
Mike Steele, spokesman for the governor's Office of Domestic Security and Emergency Preparations, said the high water vehicles, boats and trenches had been in demand.
Steele has only been requested by tonnes of trenches for the neighbourhood, Steele said.
Saturday will be imposed on a water raid nurse in most of southern Louisiana.
Depending on the weather services, an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall, he said.
Southern but, in the Mobile area, the rain continued on Saturday, when a water raid nurse was available.
AMITE Rivers, near Baton Rouge, both in Louisiana and near Denham Springs, is expected to reach record levels during the week.
An official said Alek Krautmann could leave many homes in suburban areas near Baton Rouge on both sides of the river.
He himself, also full of rivers, will be slow to flow into the Lake of Ascension, a threat to the flow of water in the neighbourhood.
Liverpool, Louisiana, just south of the Mississippi provincial border, the Tickfaw River, measured at 9 in the morning, was already reached to minimize the load, said Friday.
Rescue teams are continuing to rescue people from water raids in AMITE and Wilkinson accidents in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson, were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford (62) said the water from the Beaver Derby, normally 400 feet away from his home, had risen rapidly in the night.
Sitting nearby, another steward warned him of his son.
"we woke up and the water was coming," Hansford said.
Up to the resort.
His wife, Hansford, lived here for 48 years, the highest level he had seen in the magazine.
Hansford said that he and his family were disabled, and that he was the only one that could swim.
Hanson said three of the emergency workers rescued a truck in large, military style and took refuge on Friday at the fire station in Gloster.
Krautmann said that as the heavy rains continue, water raids are "rapidly spreading," and authorities are considering issuing an evacuation order.
Krautmann said an observation near Livingston was reported to have received 13.75 inches of rain Friday morning after midnight.
Krautmann said the ground has been high since Wednesday.
Authorities said the streets, which had been under heavy rains and water raid, came to the rescue of residents of Tangija neighbourhood and the need for schools in five schools in the area.
CBS subsidiary WWL, a female municipal council member in Tangionoa, reported that 200 houses remained under the water raid.
The residents were evacuated, and two were taken to church but they are now under the water raid.
Neighbourhood Officer Robby Miller said authorities rescued 72 people and seven domestic animals, who were stranded due to rising waters.
The town of AMITE and Hammond opened shelters for people who were evacuated from the city.
He said to himself, "When Waters starts to withdraw, he will be allowed to return home."
Meanwhile, in Hammond, the neighborhood of Tangionoa, almost two dozen streets were closed due to rising waters, and water was to be supplied by residents trying to keep their homes and businesses away.
"what we face is the latest major water raid in March," city administrative chief Lacy Landrum said.
Looks like this will be a similar event.
Mississippi, high-profile Kazakh emergency director Rupert Lacy said the rain in comparison to the Gulf has remained stable.
A few homes were reported to be in the water raid on Tuesday but so far for Friday, there has been no reporting in that direction.
Keith Campbell, executive director of the AMITE in Shopper, has been living in this area for 40 years.
"I saw the water in places I had never seen before," he said, and added, "and there is still rain."
"6-year-old Mahaj Brown, whose body was found in a hole with bullet wounds, was alive from the Philadelphia attack
Police said the boy, 6 years old, was shot in Philadelphia, this week in the city, where he shot a 6 year old boy in the second incident.
CBS Philadelphia for Mahaj Brown identified his grandfather and grandfather.
Brown said his grandfather and grandfather, Brown's body, had multiple firearms injuries in areas containing the tape area, legs, legs, and stomach but were brought to the hospital while awareness was on the ground.
His grandfather, Delores Melendez, said in a statement that the station "suffered a lot of pain, prefabricated fuselage with bullet holes."
I can hardly believe it.
The boy was listed among those who maintain the critical condition of the hospital and some of the surgeries.
Family, to the station, he was expected to improve.
Would start the first grade at the local elementary school.
Brown was among the four people who were shot in the Germantown area.
Two men, one of 29, were also shot at the age of 32.
CBS Philadelphia, 29, said one of the men was in critical condition, while the other two victims were in stable condition.
After restoration, the boy was reported to be in the front seat of a car along with one of the 29-year-old men who were critical of the situation.
The other two victims were not in the car, and police are investigating whether one of the injured was aggressive.
Detectives said CBS Philadelphia could have fired multiple gunmen at each other.
The location of the incident was filled with bullets in the style of attack weapons that belonged to different offensive weapons.
Definitely had a lasting conflict, apparently.
Street and sidewalks are available on both sides of the fence.
This shows that there are multiple armed assailants, and both are active, "Philadelphia commissioner Anthony Gjindi told them at the station.
Multiple homes and vehicles in the region have also been damaged.
Many arrests have happened, and police have reportedly been studying security cameras.
Once again, at the age of 6, a girl was shot in the arm with an accident while playing in front of her home in the West Oak neighbourhood on Tuesday.
Himself in the recovery process and the police are still searching for a suspect.
Similarly, Gabby and Laurie are the reason we need to
I got this name from the Women's Olympic Gymnastics team this year, and there are multiple reasons for this.
First of all, I have participated in the Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant before.
The second one: this team has three gymnastics that inspire many girls with different ethnic backgrounds: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie."
The Jewish ALY Raisman and the Catholic Madison husband were brought together by the parents of everyone in the structure of this team.
Team, a similar look to America at the end.
It also strengthens the presence of black and Latino women at the top levels of this sport.
Over the last four years, the first female gymnast always became an American of African descent.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were ranked 1 and 2nd.
This is a powerful thing.
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America supported him.
All the world's three World Champion, Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie, are the ones who may be the only ones to have an unexpected but masters gymnastics performance.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth American to win a gold medal in the overall assessment of women.
And teammate ALY Raisman also won a silver medal.
This is the best time to witness the sport but the situation in gymnastics courses throughout the country does not seem to be the case.
Similarly, Gabby and Laurie followed suit with ALREADY and Madison in order to get involved in the Olympic team.
The reason for the "last courses" is that the next Olympic gymnastics team will have only four gymnasts, and it is the last year that Marta Karolyi will become instructor.
In reality, however, gymnastics is a costly sport and gymnasts are primarily paid for by parents, education, travel, the competition, hotel fees (for coaches, gymnasts and families), and many more are supported by private gymnastics clubs.
Most of these gymnastics clubs can support these businesses, located in the wealthy suburban neighbourhoods.
These clubs are the only place where gymnasts can receive training and require a long-term commitment to the families of the gymnastics.
Simone Biles coach Aimee Boorman and Laurie Muller, the defending champion, said these athletes have been trained since they began their gymnastics.
Similarly, we will not offer more reasonably priced and accessible gymnastics training to communities for countless young girls who have been affected by Gabby and Laurie.
I set up my own gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
Since the inception of our agency, the nostalgic look at over 15,000 young people in the city (primarily black and Hispanic), we offer free and low cost gymnastics training, and we have done the same to both national and international champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (where I grew up) to offer quality gymnastics training to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn about this wonderful Olympic sport and take advantage of it.
Gymnastics, the strengthening of the body, flexibility and coordination, and mental aspects of hard work, discipline and determination characteristics.
This combination presents long-term advantages for success in health care, at school and in the workplace.
Thousands of young daughters will be directed to gymnastics, which will inspire this team, and this is a wonderful thing.
Participation in sports activities is very important, especially for girls.
We're going through the really exciting times.
Simone, ALREADY, Laurie, Gabby and Madison took the gold as an Olympic team and made it clear to many of their young daughters that they were motivated by their different background plans to become a healthy, strong and successful young woman.
After the rejection of Jeremy Hunt's offer, the doctors decided to continue the strike
The ministers hoped that the agreement on the contract developed with the officers of the British Tablets will end after the dispute was reached, but the vote of the 37,000 ascent doctor who participated in the vote was 58 per cent.
In July, Mr. Hunt announced plans to impose sanctions on the contract, claiming that the NHS is "not the property of anyone," and that there will be further delays in staff and patients.
The first phase of the physician group was passed into the new contract, which included changes in working practices during the night and late in the week in order to improve the look outside of normal hours.
Dr Knudsen McCourt, chairman of the committee of doctors of the Bma, said yesterday: "there are still serious concerns in connection with the proposed contract with the doctors; in particular, it will trigger the current workforce crisis, and not all doctors are in an equal position."
With the passage of the new contract, the first physician group must ensure progress in this process, remaining only eight weeks, and to be full of time.
The efforts to resolve the dispute by talking to Bma were met with the government's unwillingness to interact and, in some cases, with disturbing voices.
This is a development seen in spite of Jeremy Hunt's promise that he will always be open to the door last month.
"Jeremy Hunt is just about to take action, lift my sanctions and listen to the anxieties of the doctors."
Assured doctors are prepared to increase their actions to slow down the business if they do not do so.
During the last strike, which took place at the end of April, almost 13.2 thousand routine operations and 100,000 appointment postponed, nurses and consultants were forced to look instead of doctors in the strike line.
The ministers hoped that the agreement on the contract developed with the officers of the British Battalion will end after the dispute is over.
Bma wants to improve their fees over the weekend for 54,000 rebels, the subject of the contract.
Daniel Mora, executive director of the NHS Employers' Association, urged the rebels not to implement any strike.
Mr Mora said: "the strike is not going to solve anything but the pressure on the already busy team and services, creating pressure on the patients, the nursing staff and their families, would be uncomfortable and cause shortages."
During the last two months we have continued our discussions with the Committee of Experts, and together with the Ministry of Health and other officials, we have a positive approach to the anxieties and concerns associated with the Watchdog Bullets.
Employers are hopeful that the continuation of positive communication in connection with key issues - such as distribution, educational flexibility, training costs for those who break into their careers - is consistent with the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February, February and May, a sign that employers have taken seriously what is being taken by the UK Medical Training and Health Ministry.
2 pounds a day will be able to eliminate the danger of heart attack medication
The authorities have proposed granting more people for a longer period of time after thousands of heart attack patients could benefit from the 2 pounds of expensive drugs a day.
Crossing the tracks, preventing people from having a heart defect, reduce the risk of a repeat crisis.
Lowering the risk of a heart attack is given over the course of 12 months and can reduce the risk of paralysis or another crisis.
Regarding the NHS monitoring, NICE has proposed that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Now, however, the NHS observers have proposed that NICE be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Every year around 140.000 people in the UK are having a heart attack and a quarter of them are suffering from another crisis or paralysis.
The cause of heart crises and stymites is the accumulation of fat in the lining of the walls.
If the record is falling apart, this is caused by the blood clinging to the heart, which may lead to a heart attack.
And if the tracks were snapped up, the flow of blood in the brain blocked the flow of blood in case of paralysis.
Those who had previously undergone a crisis are more at risk of having another crisis.
United Kingdom firm AstraZeneca was created with the name Brilique commercial name, reducing the risk of passing the tracks, reducing this risk.
A draft of the NICE manual, published today, proposes to implement 60 mg, along with individuals for 12 months, and then again for three years, twice a day for three years.
Professor Carole Longlast, executive director of the Nice health technology evaluation centre, said: "effective secondary prevention treatments exist, but as many as a quarter of those who have a heart attack are suffering from another heart attack or paralysis, and usually their results are devastating."
Again, the fear is to be able to have a fairly negative impact on the quality of life of the person.
The evidence shows that the use of Justice, along with the vaccine, is effective in reducing the risk of heart attack and paralysis in people who had previously suffered a heart attack.
While we are glad to have increased the treatment options offered to thousands of people who are waiting to take advantage of it.
While more than three years of information about the impact and security of the Trade Unit -- particularly blood-risk -- is limited, the guide does not propose treatment after this period.
PC culture has boosted voter fraud in Muslim areas
The former head of the mosque, Lutfi, was removed from his post last year due to corruption following a government report
As shown in the devastating government report presented today, the culture of political truth has led to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities.
Former Cabinet Minister Eric Pickles called on police, election observers and the municipal palace to ignore evidence of electoral abuses due to "extreme sensitivity to ethnicity and religion."
The former community secretary and today's anti-corruption tsar said voters need to be allowed to strip out of the voting cabinet in order to protect voters who fear that police will be intimidated on religious grounds.
Voters have proposed that they be in possession of their identities to prove their identity at the time of the vote.
In the current case, it is sufficient to tell the name and address of the voters.
The report suggests that people vote for the prevention of voting twice, even placing the finger on permanent ink during the voting process.
A better way of protecting those Certificates, Eric said.
He called on council documents and unofficial committees or working groups to better access the information on the decisions.
"this is not only to protect against fraud in elections, but also to protect the local government from the culture of corruption and financial fraud that has dealt with it," he said.
The report was prepared with the instructions of Downing Street in the wake of the concepts presented at the vote scandal in East London.
Last year, a special election court ruled that the resignation of the mayor of Luton, following a repeat of corruption and illegal practices.
The court found that the Rahman's Muslim community was "embarrassed by the abuse of their religious feelings," and that critics accused him of racism and Islamophobia.
The "campaign of faithful Muslims was conducted based on the basis of a religious mandate to vote for him."
Up to 300 gaming suspects, or the use of fake identification, were the result of voting, such as those of the president.
Source Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He himself warned about corruption in the vote, especially in postal voting - where the elderly individuals of the Muslim community were pressured to vote for the candidate of their own choosing.
Select Eric, who is to prove that persons who are in possession of their identity in the manner in which the voting system has made some suggestions for
The contents of the report include testimonies: "there is evidence that some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, have been pressured to vote in accordance with the will of the elderly in their communities of Pakistan and Bangladesh.
"there are concerns that state institutions ignore such behavior due to" political truth "based on excessive sensitivity to ethnicity and religion."
Simultaneously Eric made 50 recommendations for the regulation of the system in the manner in which postal voting documents were blocked in order to "collect the votes" of political activists.
Therefore the report, which was surveyed by Theresa May, also called for a tightening of registration checks to prevent the use of the electoral register as immigration and social assistance fraud.
Identification of voters before deciding on the condition of the option.
Many people vote for the prevention of voting twice after voting for permanent ink on the fingers of the person.
To determine the legality of the vote to be conducted with systematic checks on the nationality of the person.
Automatic mail with a three-year limit to requests for use of the vote.
Political campaign officers and activists have been sent with complete mail of votes and mail sent with the votes to ban the processing of the envelope.
Police, giving the voting cabinet the authority to strip its surroundings.
1983 as part of the Code of Public Prosecutions for releasing the code of conduct for people with bullying.
Voting in the cabinet to photograph the illegal.
The voting cabinet (except for Welsh) is only the talk of English.
Staff to rule that the voters of the cabinet alone sanction the strengthening of education.
A spokesperson for the police mercilessly criticised the police, saying it was "interesting" that any charges were made at the Hamburger case.
"the electoral tribunal has decided that there is no place to charge for repeated allegations of corruption and illegal activities for Lutz Rahman and his representative," he said.
Himself with a series of grounds beyond reasonable suspicion -- seeing the nature of the criminal evidence - was convicted.
He also criticised the "box error checks" that were not effective in the municipal palace's electoral registration department.
"one of the concepts was a warning alarm at last year's court ruling.
Even though our nation has the pride in building the memory of parliaments, this alarming and secret election corruption is underperforming and the rejection by some institutions could lead to the undermining of this good reputation.
To the cyclist, and the other famous similarities of the Rio Olympic Players, for the
Earlier this week, the Rio 2016 Olympics enthusiasts could for the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who is proving to be the impressive Cambridge Conspiracy.
The 24-year-old Olympic athlete, however, is not the only athlete to draw attention to the similarity of celebrities while fighting for a gold medal this summer; at least the social media thinks so.
For this reason, we see all the famous figures that we see in our Rio Games and screens, the FEMAIL has prepared a list of Olympic athletes that resembles them beyond Hollywood celebrities.
Hunter and wolf: us Men's Ready Team member Brady Elkins (left), has since been compared with Leonardo DiCaprio
In addition to the similarities in the bike track, many people in the online environment have shown that a readership of Leonardo DiCaprio might look like up to two.
Yesterday Brady Elkins, a member of the US Men's Hockey Team, shook Twitter after displaying photos displaying similarities to the star of the Money Avoid movie.
And Archer also noticed this spree in the social media since his childhood, when he admitted that he was like Leo.
Brady said in The Huffington Post: 'I don't think it is too big a similar, except for my hair and beard.'
'he is a handsome man, for that reason I think this is a liar. '
London 2012 is one of the most popular comparisons of 2012 and, without a doubt, this year will attract even more attention: British long jump athlete Greg Rutherford's incredible similarity to popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafic is said to be the one of the American artist Gloria Estefan of Cuba, whose eyes are large and meaningful.
And in the air, the South African swimmer, Cameron van der Burgh, has been the star of Glee for years.
Amendment: in this user, Nathan expresses that the initial film stars in an athletic version of
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett have been compared with each other for a long time, due to the similarity of stars and prayers.
The captain of the Russia team's silver medallist, actress Annalynne McCord, has the same bronze skin and yellow hair while fans of the US team, Nathan Adrian, resembles the athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.
Harsh women: football star Hope Solo (left) and next to her star Jennifer Carpenter (right) have a similar face and eyes
Not alone: a Twitter user, among other people, became very happy with the difference in this similarity
Remaining in the air, a theory: this user thinks that this may be a reason behind the couple's similar
One Twitter user said that "the rest of the internet is not in the hope that Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are the twins we consider to be happiness on this site.
In reality, the actress played in the US soccer star and next to a similar hundred shape and eyes.
Among other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh-Jennings and actress Laura Linney with almost the same smile as another gold medalist, Gabby Douglas and the star of the Youth Flame movie, Gabrielle Union, with great smiles on each other.
CBC Olympic spotlight has apologised for the comment that China's swimmers have died as a pig
Meanwhile, the analysis of the fourth edition of the 14-year-old AI Yanhan in freestyle races, says the CBC was very incensed by those watching the live Olympic broadcast on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize for his comments that one of the spotlight's 14-year-old female China swimmers is off like a bad smell and is believed to have died as a pig in the race.
Spotlight, says MacDonald, the women cc free flag race final began to explain their own ideas when the microphone was closed.
The CBC spotlight turns to the team in the spotlight, which included MacDonald's statement: 'I was 14, small Chinese heavy, from the moment I was in the baby.
I was more excited, turned off like a bad smell, and died like a pig.
Thank you for this.
China Swimmer Ai Yanhan (14), finishing second in the flag race for 1: 57.79 seconds behind Canadian Taylor Rack for 1.61 seconds behind the Montreal Canadiens to close the gap with China.
Canadian viewers, used tons and language due to the scale of the action quickly after
Emmett Macfarlane said in a statement that "the CBC was at least 14, before swimmers died like a pig??????.
Back intelligence, was still not aware of the publication. '
The Chinese Ai Yanhan, 4 x 200 m free Flag race, has been identified in the way: 'I am 14, small Chinese heavy, my baby.'
Twitter was quite tough, and quickly, there was criticism about Ms. MacDonald, and many of whom would tip him
Twitter users, says the Macdonald, have failed to keep them when they hear how
Sarah Paradis, another Twitter user, wrote: 'Vay # ByrMacDonald.
If you represent the CBC and Canada and all of us look like racist, you have to find the # ideal.
After some time, the CBC's publisher, Scott Russel, apologised for MacDonald's comment: 'I apologize for the comment that goes on in connection with the swimming race.'
These are really unfortunate words that were selected, we are sorry for such an event. '
CBC, responding to comments from people who tweeted at least 90 more times in case of an apology
Another spotlight, Scott Russel, who was forced to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC then forwarded the complaints regarding MacDonald's comments to over 90 Twitter users who copied this apology and
Network, quickly issued an apology.
These statements have been made, and their sincere gratitude is given to the broadcasting of our rope.
Yesterday evening, the publication, from our viewers, we quickly apologize to our followers in social media.
Rope, explain that the comments of the Lord are concerned with the performance, not the personality of the swimmers.
With that said, they are quite inappropriate and unfortunate in their chosen word, and, sadly, they say.
On Thursday afternoon MacDonald apologised to the publication and attempted to defend his remarks, saying he did not want to have a personal attack.
I'd like to apologise to him for a comment on the CBC's Olympic coverage of the women's flag race yesterday evening.
I was referring to the performance, not the personality of the swimmers. '
'no need for more words, I do not want to disrespect, and I am very sorry. '
Primary customers, shop in the middle of the middle ground, the woman breathes anger in her underwear
The customers didn't know what to do when they took off their clothes to try the ashes on the store floor in the middle of a women's Primary.
To make matters worse, the woman looked at how it was itself, and put it back.
Bakken continued to work and later tried four pairs of underwear at the Bouverie Place shopping center.
The woman had tried to put the ashes on the back of the place where Folkson was located at the Bouverie Place shopping center, which was the primary store
Jenny Davidson, the mother of two children who were at the store at the time, said the mysterious woman tried her underwear after she had been in the back of the store and without any thing.
Himself said: 'people did not believe in their eyes.'
Then he stopped in the middle of the store and got a pile of ashes from the windows, his ashes on the floor and known for his body.
Did not try to search for a special place to do it, all the contempt was there. '
He looked at it while everyone was looking at him and understood that he did not like the ashes because it was put on again. '
He decided not to like anything until he tried three more laundry and then re-dress out from the store.
He seemed to have taken care of those who followed him, and tried on his ashes, thinking people would buy later. '
Mrs Davidson (33), who lives in the town, said: 'I don't know how disgusting it is to think that someone else's jersey will take one of the ashes and go home.'
This incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs Davidson added: 'I think the staff are finding outfits after that, which is a good situation.'
It would have been really very bad to think that when I got a new ashes and got home, it would have come to me without the ashes and washed it down. "
A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark is reporting the incident, which took place on Tuesday, August 9, at the store in Folkham.'
Relevant product, has been removed from the sale.
Krav MAGA and how you can protect yourself against armed attacks
The outside world is quite dangerous but Dailymail.com can help you secure this video more.
He talked with the chief master of the New York-based Krav MAGAZA Federation, who wanted to learn how to be chief armed robbers from the close.
Whether you are being approached, or from the back, this video shows how you can turn against the situation of the robbers.
Mizrachi, when you are closer to the back of you, first you need to see the aggression on your face and you have to evacuate the line in the fire.
Then put the weapon in your front arm, keeping the gap between you and the light on your face.
When you get into the tape later you will double the pain of the attacker, and at this stage the weapon will be at its best, and even though the weapon is looking at him, the gun barrel will remain in the rear number with the way he will hit the light.
When approaching from the armed person, a similar technique is applied; your body is fired from the fire line, and the attacker can no longer shoot the weapon.
At the same time, giving your weight to the arms of your belly is frightening from the breast region and takes it from behind by confirming the weapon you are behind.
Sounds like you're going to get into it?
Mizrachi was given the video to see how he did it.
Meter; however, if you are not a Krav MAGA master, the safest way to avoid every heist will be to give your money to the robbers.
Traveller Ian Wright travel guide for the language of their most dirty
The British traveller has a serious test of his immune system and items, which contradicts some of Europe's most dirty and disgusting.
The server and tour co-author, Suffer Ian Wright (51), used the language to prove the strength of the immune system, a euro banknotes, a Piccadilly Circus truck, a train toilets, and an anvil in Russia.
Before each object was denied to him and to show us what kind of work he used to be a liar.
But the experiment, which has been transformed into a movie called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Workings, gave some surprising results.
I have spoken to thousands of people in the trenches in a train used by the idea, but the idea is very disgusting but in fact there are far more bad bacteria available in the kitchen.
Mr Wright meets with doctors and medical experts in connection with the increase and health of the mice during his trip in Europe.
Fortunately he denied that nothing was left in his mouth except for the poor taste.
Mr. Wright toured the world and found strange and wonderful things to eat when testing the resilience of his grandfather.
It was one of the general trucks at the station, where they sounded a wide range of toilet trenches to this task, definitely testing the immune system
I said in the movie about it: 'I have not had much attention to my health since I was a child, and I have put many things into my mouth, from the soil, to the left, and into the mud.'
The duration of the film has proved to be the exact cause of this reputation.
The only thing he refused was the dirty mascot toilets in Russia.
Scanning example showed the counting of over 4000 units.
By comparison; in the new wash hands, this number must be less than 60 percent.
But while the new wash was less than 60 feet in the hands of the onlookers, the census refused to lick when over 4000 units became a Russian mascot toilets
Mr Wright and Finnish dairy manufacturer Valio has produced a tour of The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Workings, showing the number of bacteria in different places, such as bathrooms,
Himself in the movie, he said: 'this is close to being one of the worst things I smell in a toilets.'
I couldn't be more dirty than that!
I will not deny anything that is disgusting on the inside.
The Lickhiker's Guide to the Inner Sphere is prepared together with Finnish dairy manufacturer Valio.
The company provided Valio Gefilus containing vitamin C and D gear, which helps to strengthen the bacteria and immune system in mice, as well as in mice.
Niko Vuorenmaa, deputy director of Valio's shots, Meyers and Suites and the new Category Division Vice President, said: "we really wanted to offer something new to consumers.
The trail is impressive, and at the same time is something to announce the benefits.
We finally did a lot of wild brain storm when it came to the idea of "let's seek Ian."
Interest in the health of mice has become a global phenomenon, the claim
I just wanted to put a much bigger context on products rather than talk about products; everyday we wanted to put in a much greater context of the importance of good and bad bacteria in our environment, the importance of mide health, and the immune system.
The interest on health care is becoming a global phenomenon, and with this documentary consumers will be able to provide more information in an interesting way in connection with this situation.
I also think that the film shows that we have a great understanding of humour!
Tom Hakin, who runs the film, added: "I have to tell you; Ian, like the disgusting Russian toilets shown in the movie, I would have lost my respect against him when he was denied some of the things he wanted. '
Naturally it was easy for Ian to lick some things, though some were quite difficult.
I am happy that we have made some of these dirty slang acts. '
In a survey conducted by Valio in 2015, 84 percent of respondents said they believed the bacteria were associated with the health of mice, and 58 percent said they also used products containing mercury, at least as intermittent.
Magnificently, the family destroyed the social residence of Saltillo, ahead of the evacuation
When a magician leaves his family, they are evacuated on the grounds that they are scared of damage to 50,000 pounds worth of social housing.
Tanya Skeldon and his wife were taken from their homes in Saltillo, Cornwall, after many complaints against them.
When they were forcibly removed from the property, housing association officials were baffled as to whether the property could be repaired.
The walls are available in large holes, planted to the option of wood, the locations are garbage, and the walls are written in graffiti.
The family has now been evacuated from their homes and are thought to have benefited from the option of private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, the manager of Cornwall housing, said she was afraid that even though the situation cannot be saved.
He himself said: 'this is really a nightmare for people here and I think people should not have to live in this way.
But there is a lot to be taken into account because this property will no longer be known as a much unpleasant part of Cornwall.
This family has had a misfortune and their names are in a bad fortune.
The family had three sons living in the intermediate property, and according to police, the family was involved in a fight with bats on the street, scare the nearby residents, drug use, drug sale and excessive shouting, discussion, and many scary behavior involving clusters.
In June, Skeldon (47), who had been named in the Kira contract, was given a conscience verdict.
Demolition of many rooms in the house, which is thought to have been found in the old trash
The sale of drugs in the past, the property was removed from the wood
Neighbours said they were fighting in the street, and the police were often looking for
Cornwall opted for the move, voluntarily extended for 11 weeks after it was revealed that it and his wife were evicted from the property this week.
The evacuation was greeted by relief neighbours who said they had returned to the nightmare of their lives.
One person said: 'I don't care.'
We've been living side by side with them for 20 years and the situation was always bad.
If we say how many times we saw the police here, you wouldn't believe it.
'This morning, we haven't been able to sleep. '
Partner woke up because it was very quiet; we were not accustomed to it!
Finally, now, everything will be great.
The Cornwall Council's neighbourhood sanction officer, Adam Werman, said the family did not co-operate with the local government.
Family, lived in this house for 20 years, and the country was often called police
Social homes were covered with plants on the side of garbage and old toys dumped
I added: 'the tenant does not take any responsibility for the release of himself and his family; it is really embarrassing; the evacuation has always been the option for Cornwall to finally apply.
The behaviour is extreme, and it's a very difficult time since the actions of the neighbours are frightening at the level of failure of the individual.
I highly appreciated the efforts of the members of the Community, Devon and Cornwall Police Forces and to give us information.
I hope that this development will provide some relief to the neighbours and to be understood as a message that will not tolerate antisocial behaviour.
Mr Fitzpatrick said that he had three sons living in the property at different times but their 20 years old.
The evacuation of the house in one of the bedrooms on the ground in a dirty bed
Homes of employees will need to clear a pile of garbage surrounding the house
In 2014, police stormed the property with over 70 pounds of marijuana, weigh, special items and 1,700 pounds of cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to Class B drug possession with intent to sell.
He claimed that he would use the money to buy a grave for his son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After leaving the homeless, Tanya and his wife are now staying in a private residence on the left winger.
The walls of most of the rooms were found in graffiti.
Police said they will try to evict tenants who violate the rental rules
Devon and Cornwall Police Forces Angela Crow said the release was also a warning to other tenants who continued to violate the rules.
He said to himself, 'This is a message that they can act as they want without any raw deal, and that their behaviour will be in vain. "
Devon and Cornwall Police will continue to work with its partners to protect society and will never tolerate crime and conscience behaviour.
Were flying from the military plane just through the beach in Portugal, where the tourists were appalled
Portugal, Aveiro in the sun, tourists have suffered the shock of their life
Portuguese air force P-3C Orioles flight from the very end of the plane
Air force, said it was training flights but did not insist that there was a risk of police
The pen was flying through the beach full of tourists while tourists started to panic about this.
Dramatic footage of the upcoming military aircraft approaching almost in contact with the sun on the sand in Aveiro in the north of Portugal.
Holidaymakers are coming out of the clouds to see what is coming towards them from the noise created by the jet engines in understandable concern over their feet.
The incident occurred in Costa Nova near Aveiro yesterday afternoon.
One of the few who shared the video of the dramatic recent flight to social media, Daniel said: 'I really took the pen twice and appeared to be hit at one point.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I was surfing and I felt like I was going to fall on my plane.'
Available on the beach in Aveiro, the tourists out in the darkness began to fly at very low altitudes
In Portugal, today P-3C Orion crashed on the coast of pilots to describe fishing boats in training flights, and the only way to control them is to go so far as to leave the pen.
The nearby extinguished force due to smoke coming from the fire was weak, the jet was flying more than usual, but the air force insisted that no one was safe in danger.
This summer, extinguished power fires have destroyed certain sections of the main land of Portugal and killed four people on the island of Madeira.
Portugal's air force said today the pilot should fly from the pen due to heavy smog and smoke) resulting from the difficult conditions (extinguished by force fires)
The plane was training flights and as a part of drawing pilots from fishing boats, it was asked to define the
The girl, who was the burger girl, was killed in Syria,
Last year, one of the three British girls who left for London to participate in the fund, Kadiza Sultana, was reportedly killed in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said his family had received information about his death in Syria a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported on Thursday that he was thought to have died in a Russian air attack on the Rakyat area, where the group is strong in the country.
Sultana was 17 and died while he was planning to flee the country, which was damaged by the war, according to his family.
"we hope that this situation is really risky for others as a grave and testament to war zones, and we hope that people will have the courage to make this choice," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, two girls from Sultana and eastern London boarded a plane to Turkey and then boarded a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana was married to his family in Syria, where he was married to a fighter, and had been a widow for several months.
Reid indicated that she would not give up Garland as a candidate for the Supreme Court if she was elected
Harry Reid, the leader of the senate, has said he believes he will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court if he is elected president.
The senate was blocking the process of ratification by Garland since President Obama nominated him in March.
The senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, said former Supreme Court Judge Antonin Scalia would choose the new speaker to replace the person.
Reid said in a video Thursday that he believes Clinton will choose Garland and that "there are reasons for that."
Later, a spokesman for Reid, speaking on behalf of Reid, said he had not spoken with Clinton directly about whether he would nominate Garland and that there was speculation.
He praised Garland himself and said that Clinton's team did not want to "spoil the current situation" by making a new choice.
Garland is the presiding judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Regardless of who is blocking the nomination, Reid testified that the Republican vice presidential nominee, Donald Trump, is "helping" and "paedophiles."
Trump has indicated that he is not suitable for the task.
Treat for women as much as it is for women in favour of a naked calendar, he said,
Treats magazine has been working with photographer David Bellemere to publish a timetable designed to be inspired by the Pirelli of the 1970s for the year 2017.
But instead of famous and naked people, they are trying to find a new generation of ball models for the 2017 NU Ilham Permit calendar.
Steve Jobs, chief executive of Treats, said earlier this year that the high rate of license plates was different from that of the former banks of the magazine, because "somewhat of the money is for men."
I do this for women.
Certain that the schedule believes that is the case.
"men, like the men in the press release on the calendar, should be able to look at this footage of women in the female body as well, so as not to go out of fashion, we must return to the classic plates of fashion," he said in a press release on the calendar.
Women, it is a beautiful piece of art to seek to be a part of this project.
Models may send photos online or at open talks in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinyl target: are they actually the ones who buy?
Middle aged, lonely men with cranes.
Besides the secrets of our partner, we uncovered amazing insults under our rap section before heading to the comment section to let us say this is based on actual data.
According to YouGov, much of the aforementioned issue is the return of the license plates created by a physical object in cash, not The generation of innovation cash, but a result of the middle age nostalgia.
Until recently, vinyl albums were mostly between the ages of 45 and 54.
Actually, the age group of 18 to 24 is the lowest possibility.
This is also not merely an act of saving the enthusiasts; it is also an emotional importance; older vinyl buyers usually love to hide their feelings (56% and 53%) and enjoy being alone (69% and 66%) of people.
So what are the results of YouGov?
If this blog were to be aired on television, I would say that if the camera was on a crowded street, with a modest gray number of hands, while crossing the street with a modest gray suit and waving my hands, they were watching something authoritarian like: "then let's take a look."
But then, let's take an eye.
Soon the center of Soho is slowly picking up and the unusual mood (once independent sellers of buildings are now filled with hotels, Eats, PRETS and Paperback) is still available in a few specialised garages.
I would probably have to stop from the camera for the next number; I would try to learn about my aged and emotional condition through observation by standing near the different men in some of these stores.
Sister Ray (from the data counting: two young women, three middle-aged men) Reckless record (data counting: eight middle-aged men, probably 20 years old, followed by a woman) while I was in London in the afternoon for a meeting, and taking a look at the stores to fill the empty few hours.
Asked whether he was a collector.
"then I think," he says.
About 3000 or 4000 degrees.
The official listed above (the official sent me the email, with no follow up to the house itself) to decorate the walls of the residence.
With so many albums and sets, the reason for the total can be spent, partly as a result of revenue; it can no longer afford to run out of money, and can buy back when they sell in times of young and pennies.
"most of the things I said at the beginning of the 60 ′ s were at the beginning of the 70's, when I was 11 or 12; I was very young to get things done," he says.
Those who like to stay alone in the purchase of the garages are likely to be looking for people who are interested in the idea and adds: "if I smoke, I get a lot of alcohol.
Poor adherence to this.
Sister Ray, who works in Wez (25), thinks most of his clients have complied with the YouGov profile.
But he also noticed that a new wave of youngsters, affected by exaggerated advertising in the media, needs to buy back the old record of those who had come back in this fashion.
During my discussions, I normally received an overhaul of the collections of people in 1998 or 1999.
They originally sold their vinyl for the purchase of the CD and now sells the CD to get back to the tracks, "he says.
This could explain the increase of certain underage persons who have cranes.
Or the alleged emotional significance of the plates?
The price of a store is similar to the one in the store, similar to the personality of people who offer a community of relief that takes you a few seconds to notice.
Still, according to some of the older customers, the payment system, especially without contacts.
While some vinyl enthusiasts may be seeking refuge in the stability of the familiar plygates, reminiscent of the digital world and the recalcitrant youth memories.
Wez says; "sometimes the reason for this is to fill a gap or to see the material items as a kind of comfort."
I am also a collector myself, and I think this is also the personality of most of the people.
It's an easy way to fill your head.
When a colleague jumped from a pile of crap, he says, "Social service workers are like that."
In April, a poll revealed that 50% of the vinyl album areas had not yet been listening to the album.
The survey also found that 41% had no use at all, and 7 per cent bought vinyl, even though it was not stolen.
Looking at this stage of the news, I was probably very anxious to see a series of bossa nova feed.
One aspect of this return is the "reward" aspect of Sounds in Universum (data counting: three middle-aged man) working at Jonny (42), which is a factor.
"he soon came to me and said:" I don't have my record but I want to get a Radiohead record to put it on our shelves. "
This represents a great swim, though it certainly reflects the current situation.
More products, less music.
There are people who say: "I don't have my record."
These young people, not the elderly, are at the end of their age, which is the new entry into this issue.
Until now, there have been almost all times for vinyl, which is quite volatile when I see the kits.
More than 70 years old, couples, tourists, young boys and middle-aged women.
It is good to see diversity among customers, though the atmosphere above mentioned stores (the last part of the Wild Bus) is less Holding-friendly than jazz instead of calming jazz.
None of them seem particularly lonely but it is hard to find solutions to the psychological trauma that disturbed them by stopping for longer than 30 seconds.
Elanora (27), a few minutes, is on tour in Fopp and is taking a look at the tracks in the downloading.
Spend it only to look at the window instead.
He says he has no choice but to record the collection.
Very costly.
Whether it is easier to listen to music or listen to music in other ways, but the beauty of the vinegar... like one in the seventies, away from the interior.
I don't know how to explain, really like the other.
The last stop is said to have inspired a new generation of cranes with a passion for the store: for example, a store.
Dressed as they were looking at them, I observed a group of young daughters gathered around Polaroid cameras for a while before the debate on the purchase of a crocodile and her daughter.
The left Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood are in a hurry, filled with the plug gap; there is a must for an average collection of tracks; a mix of modern and classic.
No one is looking at them; perhaps they are just marvelous, as some are intact too high.
This is a purely "artistic vinyl."
But the wonder for these items, however, could mean that the industry has more money and less customers will be sent into the depths of Soho; there are no more issues that can complain.
With more money and time, it is not surprising that a demographic group is spending more money on more luxurious items, such as vinyl.
But the findings, however, show that YouGov's results are accurate, at least in Soho stores; the number, which is more than the number, is in reality, in stores or online forums, in which women collector and cranes do not take into account their passion.
Some people are working hard, possibly at school or in offices.
Some people certainly do not spend their evening on a tour of the Berwick street in Berwick, surrounded by a fake television server, where they look at the record and look through the shoulders of middle-aged men who are not in anything.
Graverland shark, the longest lasting spinal cord animal in the world - video news
The scientists explained that the Lapland shark was the longest in the galaxy among the planet's secretions.
Julius Nielsen, whose work on Parks was thought to be between the ages of 272 and 512, said he belonged to a five metre long tooth
French court rejected the offer of the demolition of shops at Manga refugee camp
A court in France rejected the offer by Calais officials for the demolition of dozens of makeshift stores and restaurants in Manga, where thousands of refugees live.
During a court hearing this week, Calais officials argued that the state had sold many products from cigarettes to people inside the camp -- the equivalent of 50 cents (40p) for tea, or 50 cents (40p), for a total of 72 makeshift stores sold for basic food.
Calais governors have argued that this is where they should be knocked down because they create an unpaid parallel economy and they are at risk of fire and hygiene.
Assistance to groups, court stores and restaurants is vital, the free food offered by state government agencies and other groups is not enough for the growing population in the camp.
Many shops and restaurants have argued that they often provided shelter and free food to the owners.
A court in the city, which operates 72 makeshift stores, said it is not a legal anchor for deportation of persons, but the concerns of Calais governors are "completely understandable."
The judge, Jean-Francois Molla, said groceries, cafes and restaurants had a much bigger role than just feed people living in "very dangerous conditions."
These areas provided comfortable meeting points for refugees and volunteers, he said.
The book, which is one of the places that is in danger of being torn down, offers a book for children with non-profit, offers 200 meals each day, provides English and French lessons, and here are recommendations on asylum to refugees, hundreds of minors in the camp.
Over 150,000 people signed the petition to protect this head, which is for children.
In a letter to the Guardian, he said this closure would be "a disaster for these children, some of whom are more than eight years old."
The two charity institutions, Serbians and L'Auberge des Festivals, estimated Friday that the number of people in the Manga camp, after growing at the peak of the summer, rose by 9,000 (the highest number so far).
Fiji, after gold in the class, was simply a silver medal at the championship of rugby
The dramatic advance of the Great Britain Rugby 7 championship ended after a 43-7 defeat at the Rio Deodoro Stadium on Thursday.
Fiji is the first Olympic medal in each of the colours to get the gold, but, bypassing, side by side, support, lines and illness on the ground.
After the defeat, Great Britain received the third silver medal of the day as a consolation prize, and New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa were no longer proud of their efforts in the Olympic 7 opening tournament, which they defeated.
At the beginning of the day, they could have found them in the final after the South African Team defeated 7-5 in the semifinal.
But still, in such format, it could even beat a team of 15.
If not very sickness maybe Great Britain will wear a gold medal tomorrow at least as soon as the console ends: Fiji's top coach, Ben Ryan, is a British from Wimbledon.
This is quite a difficult journey for Great Britain.
Eight years ago, when they worked with Ryan at Adelaide, they lost every match at the Championship.
This time around, I've only lost one.
But the progress shown in this defeat is really a shock.
Fiji has made a fascinating start, with the players, Great Britain, through their attempts to get the ball.
This blasted Tom Mitchell and his team for what it was like to run between a series of mobile bus and World Servicing champions, the action that took place in the corner of Obuispo 5-0.
In the fourth minute, Jerry Tuwai left the buffalo with another number on his face.
The game was 12-0 and Great Britain almost failed to touch the ball.
Mitchell's wonderful intervention prevented Sierra Leone Nakarawa from taking the lead in the third, but that was only to delay the number of Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua scored the right corner, and Great Britain fell back 17-0.
With just one minute left to the end of the first half, Nakarawa made a number more from scratch.
As Vatemo Ravouvou later flew to the line for the number, through some difficult Great Britain intervention.
Between that number, and the scoreboard was 29-0.
Fiji is a team that was established to play in the 7th championship, while Great Britain was yet trying to learn the foundations of the job.
The situation is more or less the case.
The Great Recession made major changes and closed the Fiji threshold; for the full four minutes that was a good introduction to the first half, which was a good introduction to Josua Tuisova until he performed with the perfect Fiji game.
Dan networked for Great Britain, and made a try to make the score 36-7 to make it to the left corner of the game, but the game fans sing, waving the flag and dancing in the hands of the South Sea Adventure.
Fiji's cheerful approach from the beginning was really difficult to avoid.
Sanctuary Viliatame, which does not need to be decorated in the final minutes of play, is also in the final draw.
When the whistle was stolen, the Fijillers began the celebration, and Great Britain ended up in the way of a defeat.
At the beginning of the day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in the semifinal, a tough semi-final match in Great Britain, facing South Africa; Britain scored a single.
Kyle Brown suggested the South African team in the first half, but Dan netted the top leg movements with the second half with the numbers.
Anthony's brother Marcus Watson, who took part in the top 15 of England, secured the victory and also secured a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, the coach, inspired the fight against cancer by means of victory on the podium
There won't be any more emotional gold medals in these games, and that's a significant meaning.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, who suffered 220 lashes after the first straw, noticed that they could be much more meaningful than they were when they were stressed in the Estacio de Lagoa.
Although there were two men on each podium, there were three voices in the boat; women in the double race were the first women to reach such a level in the UK this year as the first women to advance to the second gold Olympic medal in the process were the voice of their coach, Robin Williams.
The judges were pretty clear; this was their unprecedented, undefeated series of 39th races.
Since we see two wonderful athletes who sticks at the surface of the ice, this does not fully reflect the nature of the victory.
Looking behind each rowing gold medal, there was a battalion of keen hands that made this difference, and without any hands, 30 months ago, when he was diagnosed with prostate cancer, he could see this on the day he was not as effective as the coach.
Touching, and, as he was saying.
I was caught up in the types of cancer that can interfere with the surgery, and made it.
If they do, it goes everywhere.
This would have been quite a bad situation.
Nevertheless, this is changing your look a bit.
Williams to be identified in December 2013.
With the exception of the season itself, he was very fortunate to be able to start treatment at the beginning of 2014, so it is not known whether he would be an accurate expression in such cases but this way he will be able to minimise the attention crunch.
I was supposed to get payment for this reason I quickly improved my laser.
This was an encouragement for me.
I was able to get to the hospital and say it was enough to take a few steps but the garden was 6, 9, 15 metres in the heart.
Started in this way.
Throwing a ride on its own, but this is followed by a little more markings.
After the victory, he was speaking a bit more than ever to overcome his own concerns when he was in Williams, who spent a tense morning.
Stanning, who is the captain of the royal guard, and who had previously gone to Afghanistan, said, "I was emotionally destroyed this week, maybe this is a bit extreme but from the point of view it is too big."
I mean, this is what it means for me and Helen, me and the bin, once the stresses of how many are working.
Helen and I spent a wonderful three years with the bin.
If we were in the bin we must therefore be the best coach in the world because I want to convey my greatest thanks to him.
I wouldn't be able to find a better person or better coaches for work.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost the race for five years.
They have reached a difficult rhythm that can't be reached by their competitors.
Even Stanning and Glover's strength had not yet been exhausted by the closing of New Zealand and the Danish teams.
Ourselves that we have lost the main.
Helen in the process, in our address.
Doors and not going to be really important.
We have done a good start, and we don't try to do anything incredible.
We did not expect the explosion of fireworks today, we just want to win the race, which is good rowing, which we did in it.
They will give a two-year break before deciding what to do in the future.
Glover's wedding is supposed to be attended next month; he and his television adventurer Steve Backus have been confirmed.
For the time being, she just wants to enjoy this.
I do not want to say that this is my last race.
This would create too much pressure.
I noticed that I am an Olympic champion in London for six months.
This was a lot of beat and I was very stress.
Here, this lasted for about four minutes.
This is a much better feeling, "he said.
Dramatic architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library, the chance to watch the ordinary
A summary of the information about the history of the Central Library in the city; the authors of the book are Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, who will attend a meeting of the Architecture Historians / Southern California Region: "Los Angeles Central Library: art and Architecture."
They plan to discuss and share their discussions with Gee and Schwartzman, as well as the 1993 restoration of the Goodhue design, and the additions made by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The hall, 3050 Nottinghamshire Bulbs, will be open between the hours of the Art Deco Southwest Law School (formerly known as the Bullet Cocktail Party) on August 21.
Participants will be able to take a tour of the Central Hall, the auditorium, the auditorium, and the Chamber.
Tickets need to be taken in advance: fees for SAH / SCC members for 15 and those of the member will be 25.
DTLA is undergoing a warm transformation of an open industrial area in
In the 90th year of the Central Library of Los Angeles, what could be the mark with another book?
Bulgaria Announces First Definition Rate for 8 months
According to national statistics, the monthly inflation in Bulgaria in June was 1%.
This is the highest value seen over the years (since June 2012) but it is the first value seen on sub-zero since October, following a 0.2% decline in positive last year.
The average annual inflation measured for the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) was 0.8%, compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0% compared with June 2016, meaning the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year, the rate of inflation (between July 2016 and December 2015) difference - was 0.2% and the monthly inflation gap between July 2016 and July 2015 - 0.2%.
Compared with the previous month in July 2016, the price increase observed in consumer product groups was observed: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), informants and services (0.3%).
Clothing and shoes (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%) and health (0.1%) fell in groups.
Alcoholic beverages and tobacco have remained at the same level as prices in housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; telecommunications and educational groups.
Bottom line: my "Anime" effects were described as Asian cartoons
Bottom line is for this filter to be inspired by the memory of the memory, but some observers have said that it is racial.
Bottom line, the tool with around 150 million users every day is changing the authenticity of users to play with their absurdities.
Whenever you feel a memory, you can turn the dog or a Roy Lichtenstein painting into a character.
Makers, with over 30 million improved summary filming each day, are reckless, feature changing vehicles.
Wrong steps, quickly digging into the memory of the public.
Snapline makers face charges that they have supported black classifieds in the past, or presented their declarations as beauty ideals.
It is for this reason that some critics have criticised the company for adopting a "Asian guise" because of the lens and the lens that makes users suffer, due to the lens and the lens that makes the bottles stand out.
And I wonder whether these repeat conflicts have pointed to a bigger problem with the diversity of the company.
The news and outrage spread with reports of The Verge and Motherboards on Wednesday, and a day after it was announced that Snapline had been removed.
The company said in a statement: the assailants were not to be caricaturised, but the anime characters were prepared.
But for observers who experience racism, however, these are reminded of the pain of suffering.
Other people generally rejected the comparison to the anime.
Speaking to an American art student of Korean origin and shared his tweets about the photos, Sparapani said that in an e-mail he was "bitter and uncomfortable on the lighter note."
He added that it is difficult to debate when it comes to comparing the side effects of syphilis with bad Asian cartoons.
This shows that the filter is not only an Asian guise, but also a humiliating level of Asian guise.
Bottom line is not the only company that has the cultural trigger mechanisms.
The culture of the meeting of institutions, institutions of Hollywood, and the equipment that we all possess is in many areas of diversity and typically in an endless conflict.
And the bottom line is that the diversity of racial diversity is more than that of other opponents of the broader young mass, which may have been interpreted as a higher sensitivity.
In an interview on Thursday, Katie Zhu, 25, one of the makers of Snapline, said that when asked to create a small lowering for a user, "it is much more difficult for such movements to be noticed as before."
On Thursday, Mrs Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for the Medium, decided to delete the account of Snapline and call everyone in that direction.
Medium wrote for the article and said in an interview on the phone that he believes that the conflict related to race is reflected in the shortcomings regarding the diversity in recruitment practices.
Mrs Zhu, the leader of the majority of white men in the company, criticised the article by saying that his team was terminated with a label: # Snapex.
"there are different ethnicities among staff or staff who are not able to make such decisions or are working there and people from different ethnicities do not feel safe or comfortable enough to speak to themselves," said Mrs Zhu, an American of China origin.
Other observers say that Snapline is largely left without answering his views on this complaint.
The company does not share figures regarding the diversity among its staff, stressing the state of the private company.
Also on Thursday, Snapline staff declined to share their racial origin but according to a spokesperson, the company was not recently adequately represented to focus on the population and to include a recruitment responsible for the work to improve internally.
Mrs Zhu said that in her own terms, Snapline would keep the account closed, and added, "I wonder if it is true that more users like us will be able to say that this is not true."
Congressional Panel, military officials, were of the opinion that the destruction of
In a report released Thursday, a congressional panel reported that the United States Attorney General Command had falsified intelligence reports to a more optimistic picture of the events on the ground that led to the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
A recent report by a working arm of the House Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense allowances subcommittee has identified a "widespread dissatisfaction" among intelligence analysts who say their superiors have changed their assessment of the Islamic State of America.
Centre Command, known as CENTCOM, is a military headquarters located in Tampa, Fla., and oversees the operations of the American military in the Middle East and Central Asia.
In a news release on the report, the report said: "the intelligence results approved by senior Centcom leaders are much more positive than the analysis of the facts on the ground that are typical of US terrorism prevention efforts, and consistently offers much more positive results from the analysis of other elements of the intelligence community."
"the ones in Centcom are unacceptable; poor analysis has been presented to senior decision makers while our warriors are suffering," California Republican Representative Ken Calvert said.
CENTCOM leadership failures have reached the highest levels of the company.
The 10 page report, the Centre Command statement that the work of training Iraqi forces in training and analysis is involved in the details of the permanent problems in 2014 and 2015.
Regardless of how, senior Obama administration officials have ordered the replacement of the reports, though not the exact evidence that the analysts were in, and also known as DADT, to offer a more optimistic view of the threat created by the Centcom leaders to feel the pressure.
"in the first half of 2015, several central Komut press bulletins, declarations and congressional statements are significantly more inaccessible than actual events," the report said.
; for example, a Centcom official said a major military attack for the back of Mosul could be held as early as April or May 2015, an official said.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, is still in control of the Islamic state.
Mike Pompeo, the Republican Representative for Cancer, said in a statement, "After months of research, this clarification has been fairly clear."
Throughout the middle of 2014, until the middle of 2015, the most senior intelligence leaders of the central command of the United States are in Iraq, where the threat posed by the military is irrelevant as the commander has manipulated the intelligence results.
The analysts have expressed concern that the manipulation of intelligence on the Islamic state has created a working arm after learning.
Overall the report, published on Thursday, will follow much more comprehensive findings.
The Ministry of Defence is also present to examine another Centcom intelligence, which is being conducted by the inspector general.
House Intelligence Committee Democrat members also attended some of the conclusions of the Republican working arm on Thursday to publish their own findings.
Democratic Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's Democratic chairman, said in a declaration that "between 2014 and 2015, Centcom, DADT, and the Iraqi Security Forces have been very narrow in their intelligence assessment."
According to Mr. Schiff, this process "delayed the publication of intelligence results," causing a moral disorder among analysts, and "did not adequately include opposing opinions."
However, Mr. Schiff and the Democrats have said that they have not reached a finding that the White House has put pressure on Centcom analysts to "advance or tell a political explaining" the results.
Preliminary results of the review of the Congress have been announced by the Daily Bachelor on Tuesday.
Last August, the New York Times reported that a Pentagon inspector general review was available following complaints by Centcom analysts.
Senior Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said the inspector general was continuing to examine the inspector general in the process that the defense ministry would not comment on the congressional report.
However, he said, "experts say that in some cases they can dispute the interpretation of complex data and that the intelligence community and the Ministry of Defence support healthy dialogue in connection with these important national security considerations."
The research shows that Iraq and Syria will deal with the problem beyond whether the bombing operation of its predecessors in America is continuing (this is an argument made by more defense officials every day).
But the accusations last year reveal the question of how Obama can count on the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations at Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
Despite the criticism of Islamic State intelligence, Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote an article in which he defended the administration of a small force in Iraq, despite opposition from many analysts in the George W. Bush administration, and said he did not think enough of the 2003 invasion in which he started and debated for more than a decade.
Mr Hooker, at the same time, is playing a significant role in Islamic state intelligence on the one hand.
The authorities have concluded that Mr. Hooker's team has built temporary refineries to sell oil on the black market in spite of public statements to the contrary last year and has concluded that the terrorist group did not substantially affect the financial resources of the terrorist group.
The Times in September, however, found that this finding did not come out of the Command.
CENTCOM was then in the sand when General Lloyd J. Austin III, last year, put many laws in his statement in the Senate as a very positive assessment of the war, apparently for criticism.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced by the central command of the person General Joseph L. Vhotel.
Prepared to match with a US Women's Hockey Team Arrock 4, winning the victory
Katie Bam scored three goals in the 6-1 win against Japan on Thursday, a day after the Americans beat India 3-0 in the first two goals of the United States women grass hockey team.
The five goals in the two matches seem to require a catchy illness of Bam (27), who said he was not sure whether they had done the same before.
He said to himself, "I have no idea."
I'm not the people who record the score.
He knows: Americans are 4-0 ahead of the Olympic tournament and beat Japan on Thursday after losing 2-0 in the first place in the group with an unbeaten path.
And the United States will face for the final game of the first round on Saturday.
In both teams are entitled to the quarterfinals and the match will determine who will finish second in the group's matches with six teams.
After the first finish of the group matches, the team will face a slightly longer period of time with the strong Dutch team, the leader of another group that starts the quarter finals.
After Saturday's game, however, Americans made surprising progress here after the London Olympics, where they won the last of the 12 teams.
BAC was on this team.
He himself grew up in Blue Bell, Pa.; when he first received the hockey stick when he was 3 years old (the twins were interested in this sport) and joined the national team at the age of 16, he became the youngest player in the team.
Last staff for failing to qualify for the 2008 Olympics.
Later he and his teammates did not go towards most of the things for 2012.
The next year, a British coaches Craig Parnham took the oath of office and things began to change.
BAC, "a cultural change, a mental change, a physical change," says
We don't work like in London anymore.
I have passed the transformation completely.
Thursday night, Bam, closely at odds with a hit, received the first number of the first half.
India was not yet a win in the tournament but the team had a surprising level of endurance in the lead up to the third quarter, where Bam managed to maintain a 1-0 lead.
He took a long time with the ball from the left of the field and later said he took the ball shots and put the Americans 2-0.
Melissa Gonzales scored the final goal towards the middle of the fourth quarter.
This was one of the first three victories that allowed the United States goalkeeper, Briggs, to score a goal in the tournament, not the first.
Chance opens.
BAC, too.
Parnham said "we are in a good place at the moment," but that depends on how well the site is at the conclusion of Saturday's match.
Olympic ambitions in the village of Tramboli
Where you would be, no matter how many hours, the Olympics continue.
Events in Rio de Janeiro represent a mixture of ambitions, competition and work, and it will never end, like it or not.
The Olympic torch relay itself is like a flare-up, where the gymnasts were then referred to the trio.
Simone Biles, Katie Leguansky, or Michael Phelps and his name, Le Clos, cannot follow the television without a thing about strife, cannot read the newspaper or listen to what your neighbor says in a cafe.
And Logan Dooley, too.
For the first time, Mr. Dooley, who has been participating in the Olympics for the first time, sponsors and makes you feel good about watching TV advertisements like a swimmer, gymnast or fencer, who can turn a blind eye to one of the islands shown in the prime time.
But from Lake of California, Mr. Dooley (28) is fighting for a gold medal at the Olympics.
The Olympic alhouse doesn't have an equal level of light at every event.
Also, in part, away from the centre, there are no universally recognizable sports: air rifle waste, archery, badminton, etc.
Breastfeeding will always be with us, with the wish to be in a long time.
I would also like to draw attention to the hidden magic of the tramadol, if it is my personal best.
Although it has been known as an Olympic event since 2000, when both tramadol was promoting Sydney games, very few people were asked in the 16 years to realise that it was an Olympic sport.
This could be a regional ignorance.
The United States is sending athletes for the competition, but there has never been a medal in the tramadol and a rising contestant to the finals by 2012.
Men awards for the Chinese and Russians, while women share the Chinese and Canadians.
China's Dong Dong and Canada's Rosie MacLennan will try to preserve their gold medals in London this year.
It is worth noting, however, that the tramadol is an event; part of the reason for this is partly due to the fact that unconsciousness towers may be considered to be awarded to the palliative care school instead of the Olympics.
I admit that I am not the expert here, I just have the issue.
The funny thing is that there is a potential (never the end) of the jump created by the cartoon like the other, but basically the two sports that brought together gymnastics and dwarfs.
The word "Trams" comes from the Spanish hand tramadol; this is the meaning of the word "tramps."
The champion candidates are presided over by a large tramadol almost from the air, taking 30 precautions and putting them at their feet, before a series of moves (scholarships, pike and Salto) to do.
According to the official Olympic programme, the executive has difficulty and is evaluated according to "flight limits."
In Rio, 16 men from 17 countries will compete for thirty-two athletes, including 16 women.
The Olympics are the direct advanced in progress.
Those who hoped to receive the medal, in some cases in search of gold, until the point of the end, in some cases farther back, with more or less movements, should come out faster and more or less.
Not only are they not pursuing the finish wall either, at the same time, there is another formidable line of publication on television; the world or an Olympic record.
The effort is noble, envy and even extreme levels; it is enough to bring tears to even one viewers.
However, this is the feature I find lightly exhausting while in full Games.
Drying, you can give a break to all of them.
Tilt the edges of the movement to the left or right.
Goals is not to move forward.
Upper right picks up, like the astronaut, does not appear to be more or less interest, down, and more or less interest in the text.
Of course, there is no competition or difficulty, but in order to reach the conclusion of the duration of the routine, there is no lost work, away from work, just like the imagination of the time and place of the suspension of the oval.
Holding an Olympic race is so much more than if he can be.
The women's rankings and then finals will be held at 13.00 on Friday afternoon in the eastern savior; men again on Saturday at 13.
NBC will publish the finals on both days, starting at 14.00 in the afternoon.
In the middle of the Olympic madness, they can ignore the general melee in a quiet and wonderful moment.
And the awareness, according to The Wall Street Journal of the United States male gymnastics, as recently proposed, only sticks to eye sticks and objects by offering male athletes if it is up to the athlete to say that Mr. Dooley expects new fans.
Ally of Ethiopia, for a long time, "a Generation of Protestants
Protesters inside the violence in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia, faced with severe resistance from the government.
Numerous protesters say they have received deadly weapons coups in a shootout with police.
Ethiopia to collapse?
Over the last decade, Africa has been a solid ally for the West, with one of the most stable nations and the fast growing economy.
In recent months, however, anti-government protests have rocked the country by spreading to more regions every day.
Last week alone, thousands of people in the street called for fundamental political change.
According to human rights groups, the government's response was quite merciless.
Masterpieces, police officers hit and killed several unarmed demonstrators.
The protest footage, thought to be from late last year or early this year, was seen by security officials who had broken their hands against a wall and forced young people to stand up.
The highest level United Nations human rights official now wants a thorough review.
"it has always been difficult to keep this country together, and it will be much more difficult to move forward," says Obdi Abdi, project director of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia, after Nigeria, is one of the highest in the population of the nation and is appreciated by the stability of the West.
The American military and intelligence services have been working closely with the Nigerians to combat terrorist threats in the region, particularly in Somalia, and there are very few countries that have been helped by the West in Africa.
Ethiopia's economy has grown in an impressive way.
The infrastructure has been effectively improved; there is even a new commuter train in Addis Ababa, the capital.
And the streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Whatever the best example of democracy in Ethiopia is not displayed (although human rights groups have repeatedly referred to the repressive attitude of the government) within the country, the opposition was quite limited, effectively silencing the opponents.
Many were sent into exile, imprisoned, killed or driven to the most distant corners of the earth.
However, that may be about to change.
Seyoum Tesler, a university professor from Central Ethiopia, said, "If you have drowned people and offer them no other choice than to protest, these events are of interest."
Youth completely in protest.
A generation of protest.
Many complaints are under pressure from the ruling coalition over the use of land.
After last year's pretty criticism of the election, the ruling party and its allies also took the last post of filling out opponents, and now control 100 per cent of the parliament.
At the same time, tensions in the border with Eritrea, which led to the war that killed several hundred people in June, are also on the rise.
Analysts fear that separatist groups, such as the Oromo Freedom Front or Ogaden National Freedom Front, have disappeared in recent years, citing the proliferation of this species.
The bitter feeling that has been boiled under the surface for years is the reason why there are a few factors that are now exploding.
The winner seems innocent: smart phones.
Cheap smart phones are spreading and internet service has started to communicate using a large number of Ethiopian social media only a few years ago.
The government, especially in times of protest, often shut down access to Facebook and Twitter, even when most people were able to communicate through internet caretaker servers that hide their positions.
A few young Ethiopian said they had gathered in this way for the protests.
In the second, the solidarity between the two major ethnic groups of Ethiopia, Oromney and Amhariah, has also increased.
Meals and Amrons are not normally allied.
For too long, Ethiopia has been the dominant Christian in the mountainous regions of Amhariah policy and businesses, most of which were Muslim, and in plain land, the Oromite was not abused.
However, that is changing.
"we are moving toward co-operation to gather under one umbrella," said Multi Gemechu, an Oromo leader.
The biggest protests were seen in the Amhara and Oromo regions.
Apart from that, most Amhara and Oromo, Ethiopia, account for about 6 percent of the population, and the military, intelligence services, trade and policy dominated the Tigrera ethnic group, which is not fair by members of the ethnic group.
The third reason behind the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebellion leader, served as prime minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until he died from an undisclosed illness in 2012.
Seeing everyone, who was considered a tactical genius.
Nevertheless, he is an expert on his ability to identify the first signs of unrest and ineffectiveness to his opponents.
"the current regime does not have this basic knowledge," said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, HAILESMARIAM Desalega, has been chosen in limbo to fill the place of Mr. Meles.
In contrast to Mr. Meles from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr. HAILEMARIAM is south.
Nevertheless, he says, he has failed to gain the confidence of security services controlled by Tigrayans.
More as a result, with more fear of blood.
Ethiopia's latest experience on such a turmoil was the protest following the theft of thousands of people in 2005, after analysts said the government had a choice from the beginning.
The measures that followed, both less than last month, were killed and many protesters were killed, and the period of turmoil was also relative faster.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for remarkable progress in infrastructure planning and the fight against poverty, such as the new commuter train.
However, it is clear that it does not stop the increased tide against the government of Ethiopia.
And this is dangerous and ethnic.
Last month, protesters in the town of Gondar, an Amhara town, attacked businesses owned by Tigrayans, and Tigrera hatred increased in social media.
Analysts say the protests are leaving a strange situation in the United States and other allies in the West.
The United States government has used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights on neighbouring Somalia; however, it has recently been told that the base has been closed.
The West clearly wants to promote democracy in a fragile region that does not want this ally to fall apart.
Mr Abdi said this "and added," I like to walk on a very fine and
Donald Trump Announces "Allegations" of Obama, in which he was
Donald J. Trump, on Friday, insisted a few times last week that Obama and Hillary Clinton were not serious while claiming that the Islamic State terrorist group "founders" tried to eliminate the recent conflict around the campaign.
This statement gave birth to new questions about the Republican presidential candidate's ability to communicate openly with the American public.
At the same time, it is best to defend it in the process that created chaos as well as to imply that this is not what the deputies are trying to explain in a strange position in the process.
Mr Trump proposed this at a rally Wednesday night after further strengthening his thesis on Thursday in interviews with the president and Mrs Clinton, who insisted that the drivers were really implied.
But in his sending via Twitter in the early hours of the morning on Friday, Mr. Trump said he had only cynical testimony.
Sending in a series of interviews, Mr. Trump said he was serious about this charge a day before he was completely back on the show.
Conservative radio programmer Hugh Hewitt said Mr. Obama wanted to destroy the drivers, reminding him that Mr. Trump tried to help him soften this comment when he said he did not believe it was the Republican presidential candidate.
Mr Trump has come to the final confusion when trying to change the focus of his campaign after a drop in the polls.
Mr Trump and Mrs Clinton clashed with each other on the economy in Michigan this week.
Friday, Mr. Trump has asked him to return to this issue again.
Once again, via Twitter, Mrs Clinton's offer would increase taxes, and he found himself boring in his speech.
Mr. Trump had previously used the defense.
At the end of July, after the Russians faced major criticism after taking a look at Mrs Clinton's e-mails offering a hacker attack, she said, "Of course I am cynical about it.
This approach allows Mr. Trump to push the limits of political speech and take a step back in the required place.
Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who follows the language used by both candidates, said that "this is an order that provides a way to explain how specific messages are treated by supporters themselves, depending on the reaction to the test."
At the same time, however, knowing these declarations, and from different makers, it is unclear as to who will filter out.
After a fall in the polls recently, Mr. Trump has taken a much more aggressive stance than to soften the air for the general election audience.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist survey released on Friday showed that Mr. Trump was quite behind Mrs Clinton in Northern Coraline, Virginia and Colorado, and a tight race exists in Florida.
Whatever Mr. Trump usually does, he has to apologize for the provocative things he has done, but he does not understand the words or humor of those who criticise him.
But Mr. Trump's joke, which has exposed much more scrutiny in the final months of the presidential campaign, leaves the remaining loyal supporters struggling to support it in public if his comments are provocative.
Former New York City mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani is doing his best to defend the candidate in an interview with CNN Thursday as one of Mr. Trump's most suggested supporters.
When asked about the accuracy of Mr. Trump's thesis that Mr. Obama and Mrs Clinton set up an Islamic State, Mr. Giuliani said, "I think it's a legitimate, political criticism.
From one point of view, before Obama was an unknown, small company, those who find love for them were completely mistakes, and this was due to the withdrawal of troops from Iraq.
Aside from the fact that most Republican, Mrs Clinton's foreign ministry has failed to cope with the situation in the Middle East, the Obama administration has failed to aggressively deal with the situation in the Middle East and is trying to defend what was caused by the growth of the drivers.
Ahead of the rallies in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump is blaming each word on the news media via Twitter and continues to accuse him of being biased against it.
Trying to solve him, he made a mockery of the television specialists, who "cannot do this!"
With some Democrats ridiculed by Mr. Trump, he said it was evidence that he was not eligible for the presidency.
Those who are not on top with the prices are at the top of the mountain with us for
Vicksburg is just a part of the old shabby working with cash, which did not offer Wi-Fi connections for over 15 years, offering great coffee.
Naturally, the prices at the stores at Bedford Avenue.
The store, which replaces Verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of Soap Cherie containers.
Of the inhabitants of the region, it was the last loss of the city, he said.
The artist Molly Crabuser wrote to Twitter: "new change, I know it but I still believe CBGB is heading and the Chelsea Hotel has been evacuated and the Verb is no longer a soap store."
New change as much as it is to the city of the invention.
Last November at Greenpeace, less than a mile away from its original position, a renovated Verb Cafe opened in the north.
The new Verb Cafe has Wi-Fi connections and acknowledges the credit card but protects some of its former employees and similar simple mood.
Coffee is still good.
At the beginning of the new Version, the former head of the long-term employee also owns the new site and the general manager, Cisco Rodriguez.
He joined the Verb in 2001 and up until the end.
When a customer offered him financing for this new place, he would be excited to do so.
Mr. Rodriguez (36), left most of the same.
The VERB uses the same distributor for the figures, and a Espresso machine from the same model.
And even the old Verb's lights were used again here.
Mr. Rodriguez, however, said he wanted to present a bit of different experience.
Added new materials.
Pastel-eggs-and-cheese sandwich bags are available on the menu, and materials such as onions and onions are available on the menu.
Shake the rice tape.
The cafe is no longer the beer service but offers fresh fruit juices.
Nine months later, Mr. Rodriguez said he noticed that the former patrons had begun to arrive decisively.
"many of our former clients are not at the top of prices in Vicksburg," he said.
Last Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of these clients.
Mrs Oliveira (34) lives in Williamsburg, Va., and is a frequent departure to Verb.
But even after moving to Greenpeace, he did not give up on this path.
VERB closed the door to drink coffee for a while.
"I noticed that my favorite thing was coffee and culture in Verb," he said.
I started the coffee again now but instead of the regular ice coffee last day, I chose a new addition to the fence, which was added to the mix.
Tom Rosenthal, another patrons, has gone to Verb regularly, starting in 2003.
Expenditure there before and always have the same order.
"every day, in the seventh best quarter, I would never get to the vet, and I was preparing my marching orders for each of them," he said.
Mr. Rodriguez wants to make changes and add new materials to the menu.
Nowadays, Mr. Rosenthal still receives the usual orders, though sometimes every day the figures of bacon, eggs and cheese make some changes.
Mr Rodriguez said there was no fire in the soap store, which was replaced by the old site.
Conversely, the owners of Soap Cherie offered to make a special soap for Verb using the coffee, which the head was cold.
"I think we can still accept this offer," said Mr. Rodriguez.
And the traditional Polish inhabitants of the village at the foot of this head.
One of the new clients has been translated into dialects, and Mr. Rodriguez said that his new neighbours will soon find a space for this menu to feel good.
Other advantages of the new position.
Local juice store, cold say breakfast bottles and wants to sell it.
Over the head and the possibility of expanding the building.
Most clients can find their old favourites for a new Version, even if it is sufficient.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and was very sorry after the venue was closed.
When the new venue opened, Mr. Whitt was able to get coffee and make him feel at home.
"I was supposed to smell it," he said.
At the time of the crisis, the book "A, Meal
In March 1933, just after the Presidential Inauguration, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, at lunch in the Oval Office.
President Roosevelt, who was the one to fall into the desert, crushed his lungs, crushed his lungs, and was decorated, like the turtles of soup, who were loving the food.
The menu on that day was much more modest: tomato sauce boiled eggs, potatoes, and dessert, alluding to the dry Era.
Jane Ziegelman said, "This was an act of solidarity with the people who were grieving.
His wife, Andrew Coe, added: "this was a message to the Americans about how they should eat at the same time."
Heights, that is the living couple, the food historian.
In his latest book, "Chop Suey," Mr. Coe's latest book, "Chop Suey," was right on China cuisine in America, and Mrs Ziegelman wrote in his book "97 Orchard" about a lifetime of food in the limelight.
The new book, which they worked with, and which will be published by Harper on Tuesday, tells the history of the food of America during the Great Depression.
With solidarity on the food themselves, the crisis began in the year 1929, which marks the start of the crisis, showing the Flatiron area of the village of Jesse Sandwell at a meeting with a reporter for dinner.
Mrs Ziegelman (54) ordered the king's cheese and Olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe (57) preferred to put on meat, turkey, potatoes, and vegetables.
The pair found it appropriate to discuss the reporter's bearish orders during the period of the crisis.
"these are enormously popular," Mrs Ziegelman said.
To place the salmon, the salmon, the dry bean salmon.
Then they spread the material with a material that was a cheap thing.
I consider that you have enough room for dinner.
Into his face, Mr. Coe.
"people like the bullet should be sitting at the foot of the bed," he said.
During the years before the crisis, especially in rural areas, the table was like an open buffet.
Women cooked meals for men working on the farm, and breakfast, lunch and dinner was served in the fresh cooking tours of the restaurant.
The Europeans, who died of hunger in World War I., were sending food to Europeans, explains the history of methods to cope with the fact that the nation is now an abundance center.
Mr Coe explained why he and his wife had a desire to write about this issue, saying, "This is a time when food has become a center for Americans, worrying."
The new budget regime was equally concerned: the mysterious food, such as the Sommers and stewardship, became the basic consumer product, Mrs Ziegelman said, adding that "stewardship is a great method for evaluating the remaining dishes."
The fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Over the years the meat, which has been at the center of American dishes, has become a prudent share of luxury.
Lots of interesting mixing for the value of calories and the taste of the test, and the sense of taste or general kitchen approach.
Mrs Ziegelman has been doing research for his book, which also includes recipes, while in the era of peanuts, he has prepared the onions trademark.
"this was not my favorite contribution at the dinner table," Mr. Coe said.
Mrs Ziegelman supported it: "this was the reality of
Add to the heat of the oven, with no common point.
Recipes in most of the home economy, this is a feature.
The home economy experts, including Louise Stanley, chief economist at the Federal Bureau of Home Economics, said that between 1923 and 1943, the country's eating habits were more startling than ever before.
Describe the equilibrium and articles published in the newspapers and magazines, encourage women to be "saving," and promote the struggle to recycle delicious food for their purposes.
"it is a feast of tasty restaurants.
I like the attitude of Herbert Hoover, let alone cake food, as the government answers to the hungry citizens of the very end.
On the one hand, he told the public that simple concepts of farmer foods, while on the other hand, turn into millionaire intellectual dishes.
"I like to eat European cuisine, like a salad sauce," Mr. Coe said.
Then, wearing the appropriate jackets at the dinner table, almost completely covered in gold, was a meal in the room.
Very far from reality.
His wife, Eleanor, was not encouraged by it to be an example with her, even though the vice president could fall into the same mistake.
As far as the book is concerned, Mrs Roosevelt was hired by a deputy who never championed the tastes of the White House in taking the job, but at the same time, she began to be presented with "the most somber food prepared."
When the country was back on its feet, most of the methods to eat during the crisis were set aside.
According to Mrs Ziegelman, the focus is on calories and nourishment and the way science is applied to cooking food.
The couple, while writing the book, said Mrs Ziegelman had learned a lot from her mother's eating habits - for example, the meal was never thrown out.
"food waste was really scared of it," Mr. Coe said.
Mrs Ziegelman spoke of the old memories: "I was really sick of people."
Care of the collapse of cases.
Shortly after collecting the slick in the slick, he and Mr. Coe issued a taste of what they were preparing at home: the dinner at the home of the President Roosevelt was dry, sweet.
Mrs Ziegelman said "this was a dry melting statement," and added that the number was most often applied to this modest tariff.
I did not have the cream; it was just dry, a little flour, sugar, water, and tarp.
Everybody was hesitant to find a way to brown the blood of the branches.
Not surprisingly, it wasn't too bad.
Mr. Coe took the second and third lesions.
Saving his wife, like the one who could have been "a bit or a bit of nuts," would have been good.
Merck with the fight for the hepatitis C patent will receive the Gilead attorney fees
According to the decision of the US district justices, Gilead Sciences Inc has won the right to receive attorney fees related to the case of hepatitis C patent filed with pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck & Co Inc.
After the judge found that Merck had failed to detect a series of misbehaviour, which also includes a denial of individual masterpieces and other unethical practices, Gilead was relieved of paying $200 million in compensation for the violation of two Merck patents related to the discovery of drugs that had been the major success of Gilead in June.
In Thursday's hearing, U.S. District Judge Beth Laban testified that Gilead was entitled to compensation for the fees charged during the defence of the case.
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, the judge of the market with a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can improve more than 90 percent of liver patients.
The trial dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming that they were entitled to the ownership of the laboratory work for the touch of the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
Control of the US-backed forces, Membic said, was taken from an entirely Islamic state
On Friday, a spokesman for the group said the US-backed forces had completely seized control of the city of Membic, in the north, near the Turkish border with the latest Islamic State fighters inside the city.
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDG) are hiding in the city, following the separation of a group of militants in the clearing phase of the city.
In an alliance with the SDG, Shari Dervis, from the Membic Military Council, reported that Rouen had freed the civilian hostages over 2000, which they found themselves in the hands of militants.
"the city is now completely under our control but we are conducting the removal work," he said.
Clinton family won $10.75 million in 2015, and paid federal taxes by 34.2 percent
Hillary Clinton, the candidate of the Democrats on Friday, and her husband earned $10.75 million last year and are in effect, paying 34.2 per cent of the federal tax on the tax declarations of 2015.
In 2015, the Clinton family has contributed $1 million to charity institutions, mostly in the Clinton Foundation, where former president Bill Clinton won about $5.3 million from his speech fees, and the former foreign minister has declared that he has earned $3 million for his book, which comes from Simon & Schuster's publishing house.
Clinton's nominee, U.S. Senator, Virginia Tim Kaine, issued 10 years of tax declarations with his wife, Anne Holton.
Of 20.3 percent in federal taxes in 2015.
Clinton campaign officer Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement, "Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine set the standard for financial transparency."
In contrast to this, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake avoiding statements about his tax statements before and taking a step back.
Although not all laws require US president candidates to present their tax declarations to the public as a tradition.
Donald Trump and his lawyers, a New York businessman, testified that the reason for the rejection of the declaration was an audit conducted by the Revenues Administration.
In conjunction with the statements of democratic candidates, Clinton campaign officer Ian Shafer took his "tweets" out of it.
On Thursday, Donald Trump, acting in private lawsuit, told CNN that he would not allow Donald Trump to publish them until he checks.
Mitt Romney, who is the candidate for president in 2012, and other of his critics, including Donald Trump, the group that is critical of this reject situation, said his contributions to charity institutions, business agreements and many other links, including those with Russia, posed questions.
Clinton went on to explain that this was an online video that he had put under pressure on Friday to explain the taxes on top of Trump.
Thursday, in an economic speech in Michigan, expressed this problem.
Himself, he told the crowd, "After ten years of doing every vice presidential candidate, he refuses to publish his tax statements.
POLITICO has reported that Trump has paid almost no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and on Friday, the New York Times business section columnist shared a series of tax lawyers and accountants that the situation could still persist in this way.
Federal tax rates have become a major problem in the Presidential election.
Clinton has submitted a rule proposal, named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett, who gains tax payment of at least 30 percent of those earning over $1 million a year.
Obama also supports the offer.
Last week, at a Clinton rally in Nebraska, Berkshire Hathaway, the group that operates there, is to come and present the tax declarations to the challenge.
Buffett testified that he was passing the IRS control and that he was "afraid" of the voters, not from the tax collection institution.
During the campaign, Clinton released their tax statements, which were up to 2007.
Currently in New York, the Clinton family, which is living in Chappaqua, has an average federal tax payments of about 32 percent between 2007 and 2014, and the combined tax rate is about 40.5 percent.
Clinton's family reporting for 2015 shows that, unlike most Americans, only $100 of their income comes from wages.
The main investments are a low cost index investment fund, and the Clinton family has declared that the dividends and interest income is $109,000.
In addition to the author, Kevin Drawbaugh; regular Jonathan Oatis
Just put the red carpet, cut off the pig, support the preservation of elephants in Tanzania
The environmentalists in Tanzania are using an unusual method to prevent elephants from entering human residential areas; they put them in the dust of red hot chili peppers.
The method has proven effective, and the idea was proven effective a few years ago with the Honeycomb Foundation and the US-based nature Protection Union, which took steps to promote it; villages in northern Tanzania have begun to educate volunteers about their use of violence to protect their homes and crops without damaging the animals.
Before most people to defend himself.
Friday, the World Fil Day, which is dedicated to the protection of animals.
"we have seen changing the position of these communities since we developed the set," said Honeywell executive director Damian Bell.
The first two steps are to hold the last keeper and steal the chorus.
In cases where this is not possible, the so-called "red pepper" is being taken.
Add the dust with red hot chili peppers, put off with a cut, will only funnel the deficit to shut down.
When burned, the sound of a blast begins with the sound of red hot chili peppers.
Even a breathing fleet is enough to send it in the opposite direction.
The last resort is throwing fireworks into the air, a loud, bright modem, which is to use a mango.
Jewish filmmaker has hit the hotel somewhere in Berlin, where he removes the telephone code of the Arabs "request" - RT News
Meanwhile, a French filmmaker of Jewish descent has been charged with censorship in the media after it was revealed that the Hermitage in Berlin had failed to list Israel's telephone code and that the employee had "demands" of Arab customers.
Claude Lanzmann, one of the authors of the "Shoah" document related to the genocide, expressed outrage at the Hermitage Museum in Berlin with an open letter to the German broadcaster FAZ.
Lanzmann briefly tried to find Israel on the list of telephone codes provided by the hotel in his previous stay.
However, it was not among the states that could be sought directly from the room.
In 2016, how can the new Germany's capital Berlin be left out and destroyed?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Hermitage Bristol, instead, offers Israel the opportunity to search through its own call center.
Filmmaker, to get an explanation of the situation to the hotel reception.
Lanzmann wrote that the response was "a shock to him."
The hotel secretary said this measure was taken with a deliberate decision of the "Hermitage-Hotels administration."
While the underlying reason for the move is that the film's producers have much more nerves.
"most of our guests wanted to write off the code of Arab and Israel," Lanzmann said.
According to Sueddeutsche Zeitung, Israel's ambassador to Germany, Jakov Hadith al-Handling, described the situation as "a great shame."
Some of us are appalled and very surprised.
This is really a great shame.
I have been in Germany for this and have been in the chain of such a hotel much bigger outrageous.
There's no need for that.
We expect that the hotel will be the result of that, "he said.
That's great reaction to the online environment; people described it as scandalous.
Some have accused the Hermitage Hotel of "succumbing to the so-called demands of Arab clients."
In another send, the hotel highlighted the street near a synagogue and highlighted the "Ufanfare," which was highlighted in the Kurd street.
Der Spiegel reported that the hotel was quick to point out that this incident was the result of "carelessness," and Lanzmann quickly dismissed these accusations.
Suddenly, the deutsche Zeitung said that one of the representatives of the Hermitage was telling me that "there was never a direct orders to be included in the fast search list of Israel."
And now they have added the code.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets against students of Brazilian protesters
Students gathered in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday to demonstrate against the government's reforms on the public education system.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The problem began when police officers tried to disperse the students, and this led to police firing rubber bullets and pepper spray.
Hundreds of students took part in the demonstration to express their displeasure against the plans.
According to a proposal by the governor of Sao Paulo, Geraldo Alckmin, less than 100 state schools will be closed in a bid to save, and 300,000 students will be distributed to other schools.
Some of the people who participated in the protest wrote against the walls of interim President Michel Temer.
This latest protest comes a few days after President Dilma Rousseff was removed from office by a vote of the country's senate on the street if the protesters were to support President Dilma Rousseff.
Trade between Russia and Iran rose to 71% - RT Business
According to Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhawayan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 percent from the year before.
Since international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, the interest of Russian companies doing business in the country has largely increased, the ambassador said.
As new companies are preparing to gain access to the market, Russian companies have maintained existing ties with Iran.
Of course, the further increase in trade is one of the main priorities of our two multilateral co-operation with Iran, "Dzhagaryan said.
In the first five months of 2016, trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared with the same period in 2015 and reached $856 million.
In particular, Russia's exports to Iran rose by 91.5 per cent to $697 million.
Russia's imports from Iran increased 16 percent, to $158 million.
This increase in trade was provided with the equipment for machinery, ground vehicles and weapons, "he said.
Tomorrow, at the same time, we expect a record number of Iranian tourists to Russia this year.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representative in Iran gave 375,000 visas to Iranian citizens, mostly for travel.
Furthermore, for the first time, Iran has ranked among the top 20 countries in the number of tourists visiting Russia.
We can say that the Iranian tourists who visited Russia last year will be breaking the record, "he said.
At the same time, the relative less Russian is visiting Iran; this is an issue that he hopes to change.
"I personally suggest that the visit of the ancient Pars civilisation is in good condition," he said.
Close to the cash registers of Izmir - Economic Reporting
FET was detained for providing financial support to the Chairman of the group, Abdullah Kavuk, and Chairman of the little tank Group Ahmet little tank with interesting details to emerge.
A small group of 1 and 2 financial resources in Izmir and Kavuk's FETBC / PFDI terrorist group, Fetullah Gulen, have been sending a loaded amount of money each month.
When the money is sent to Gulen for not being recorded through the banks, it is sent through the form of a member of the organization that has been identified.
On the other hand, as part of an investigation into the alleged coup d'état in Amasya, 9 people were arrested, including Merziften Chamber of Commerce and Industry President Fatih Near, 7 people were arrested and released on condition of criminal control.
Over 10 years in the pockets of 30,000 lira
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's call for "cut interest," the banks have moved.
Before the real estate was launched, and later the campaign was joined by the banks that were proposed to be included in the network.
From what is seen as the border, the proposal for the withdrawal of mortgage interest rates below 1 per cent was put in place by the president.
13 bank mortgage rates below 1 percent.
Discount was the launch of the public banks.
With the recent arrangement of interest rates on the basis of monthly interest rates ranging between 12 and 1,29 per cent, the consumer using 10-year mortgage will pay less interest between 15 and 30 billion yen.
Determination 5 Ile 10 Yield
How much leverage will the interest rate reductions bring to home lenders?
If a person uses a loan of 100,000 lira 10 years, the drop in interest will provide an advantage of 30,000 lira.
The majority of those mortgage lenders plan to pay for the 5-10 year term.
Interest rates are expected to fall further in the coming days.
Interest rate cut sales will affect the positive.
In 2015, residential sales increased 0.8 percent from a year earlier, to $1 million.
This year, the interest in sales is expected to exceed 1.5 million.
Households head paid should be reduced to below 9 per cent of the annual
It's an important step to cut interest rates on public banks.
Listen to the call of our president and cut rates.
However, the rate should be below 9 percent annually.
If this discount continues the process, we are also launching the monthly 0,70 interest campaign to extend a few months.
Lamb group, the other one: we have 3 months in the campaign
Thus, we limit our economy as a month to join the banks in our attempts to bring this historic campaign to an extension of at least 3-4 months.
But interest rates on loans must come under 9 per cent on an annual basis.
I am glad to see that this is only in the housing sector and in the real market, with the positive psychology and the unprecedented solidarity of citizens in every sector of the housing pandemic.
Police Holding YKB Adnan Polat: we expect full support from the banks
The call on our banks to cut interest rates is a nice step.
Besides, there are a number of steps towards rejuvenating the economy in all sectors.
NGO campaigns, the decision by the central bank, and all the steps taken in that direction for the country...
The hand of all the banks.
Come to them, you also participate in this mobilisation, stay with us, walk on the same path, but let us take a walk in the hands of the economy.
Sabanci invested $5.5 billion in 1.5 years
Sabanci Holding said its net profit for the first 6 months of this year increased 11 per cent from the same period last year to 353 million lira, with sales rising 22 per cent to 17 billion euros.
Sabanci Holding Senior (CEO) Zafer Kurtul reported 1.8 billion yen in the first six months of the year, and by the beginning of 2015, they invested about 5.5 billion yen.
"the country has successfully passed a tough one lately," Kurtul said.
"now is the time to do more work and produce for our country," he said.
Then, take a 2 year break from the vessel of
These vessel skeletons have been closed to sea traffic for nearly two years, due to the "Construction of the Threshold," conducted by the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (IBB).
Then there will be a modern transfer centre that will integrate the sea, rail system and road transport.
Traffic, taking part in uninterrupted pedestrian flow along the coast.
Tram and funnel systems, will continue to work for a while.
The citizens' Taksim, Eminonu, will be launched in a bid to gain access to Besiktas areas.
Interest rate fell, the house was
Message to a friend of the manager of a public bank.
Always the same thing.
Interest rates, house prices are on the rise.
Interest rate rises, home prices.
"once again, this was the case," she said.
Job is related to the individual loans he had heard from him.
Real estate housing has entered the campaign with a 0,70 interest rate increase in the prices of many residential projects, the developers say.
I look at the truth of the matter.
The situation is there, no more than the sexes...
My mind, meanwhile, came to our conversation with a contractors attending the construction summit of Fetullahan Terror on July 15, a week after the coup attempt.
The boss of a big firm...
"we actually need to raise prices by 10 per cent," he said.
After the coup attempt, the real estate-led campaign started construction with 70 interest and a large sales campaign with a maturity of 120 months.
OK, hand it out before the banks, took the risk.
Also, not to cut the pace, we act with the spirit of unity and draw.
1 monthly Campaign to support lowered interest rates in the banks.
Then no one should do the opportunity to hike.
Adapted to those you wanted.
President, Omar Koh, and he accepted the
The president of the company is the president of the company, Omar Ali Kogan, who is the acting Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Board of Ford.
Erdogan's adoption, which was closed to the press at the Presidency, lasted 40 minutes.
Call from the BDDK: that banks are complaining
The chairman of the Supervisory Authority (BDDK), Mehmet Ali Akben, issued a statement on the President's warning of a "credit recall" for banks.
"banks are turning to credit for an opportunity because of the conditions of the market and if they do with different sites, we will certainly not allow it," Akben said.
Those who bring such complaints and information to us, in the name of the Bank and the company, are the followers of the BDDK complaint line.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said yesterday that banks are now warning: "I am sure that, when rates fell, credit prospects were expanding, and our country will open a new era in front of both investors and banks."
If our country stops lending at this time of year, keep up with the loans, urging banks to set a pure set of them, then I want to announce it.
Interest rates at an annual rate of 7 per cent to 8 per cent of the time the banks have won this affairs.
More than 500,000 Russian tourists are expected
The professional hotel Managers' Association (POYD) President Ali Kizmountain announced a positive route to Turkey-Russia relations ahead of the July 15th coup attempt at the EXPO 2016 Antalya exhibition area and said there has been a certain revival in tourism from Russia to Antalya.
"I expect that both tourism and agriculture will be very positive developments in terms of both tourism and agriculture, with a monopoly on construction," he said.
And Russia is very close to each other, the two countries have traditional relations based on the years.
"we as sectors on this road by the leaders of the two countries think we can make progress very quickly and we will close the targets as soon as possible," he said.
If the coup attempt would exceed 1 million of the number of Russian tourists who came to Turkey, the deaths were reported.
But we lost a month at the time when we were in the high season, so the target was to shrink.
If I still do charter flights, I think we will exceed 500,000 figures.
There may also be a question of extending the season until the end of October or even on tape.
In such a case may be additional flights per year.
I guess this positive atmosphere will be judged very well by the Russian people.
To them in the harvest.
With this momentum, perhaps we will force the 700 riders.
If they are hopeful for 2017 in terms of the Russian market, the deaths of the two countries as well as the economy of Russia will recover if the number of Russian tourists next year could be over 3 million again.
"with the lifting of the ban on the permit of public staff, domestic reservations have begun minor, POYD President Kizzi said." there are returns in the annulment, new bookings are to be taken. "
"we have a hopeful expectation with prayer," he said.
"it would be very good if we could bring in 100-200,000 people per month from Iran in the 1.2-2 months," he said, citing a very positive development in lifting the round ticket sales ban imposed on travel agencies by Iran after the coup attempt.
Inspiration to renew the current credits?
Discuss with the bank you first loan and discuss how the new interest conditions are affecting your credit.
Lenders calculate the cost of using a new loan at an early closing fee (typically 1.5-2 per cent of the used wage) along with a lower rate of interest.
If you are still advantageous to include all costs, you can apply for the use of low interest loans.
Ask him to breathe!
The defending champion Besiktas has won the Super Cup fight with Galatasaray, aiming to break into the new season.
Technical manager Sheng sun, who ran after all his plans to win, said in a meeting with demand, "we should be grinding and aggressive."
"you have a high percentage of you and I expect the ball control for 90 minutes."
The players, particularly Sosa, are not thinking about taking the area off the field, as the Sheng sun's Adriano and Quaresma are undecided.
The veteran coach tried in training in the week and tried in style, but left unbeknownst to Adriano.
Ricardo Quaresma will also include a preference between the quotation of the sun, which also demand a long break after the ball is registered to operate.
Tolga will explode - sports reporters
During the event, Galatasaray will sponsor NEF, a sponsor of the previous evening, to ask members of the media to take questions and transfer the annual fee, which is also the topic of discussion in support of expatriate footballer Tolga Czererci.
I am NOT going to speak to the football players
During the football team came to a much better situation than last year, he said, "Although this is not about me, the players need to speak on the field and say:" I cannot say one thing. "
If 2 or 3 weeks pass, I can say that the teams have a chance, then I can say that we are fortunate to win the championship.
Tolga was expecting the explosion.
Tolga will see that with the trial, you will see the physics bang this year, everyone will have admiration.
The chairman, Mehmet Topal, contacted during the transfer period but stressed that if the club did not agree with the deal, they would step in and said: "we are not going to load up the price of our opponent."
Also, being an athlete.
Delighted to be in agreement with Wenger if we wanted to transfer.
With RINGS BANKS IN THE MORNING, THE
The construction of the hall alongside the TT arena will begin soon, he said, adding that "we want to make a hall of 13,000 people."
Our president, however, is in the hall of 15,000 people, 'he said.
I have changed the project.
Riva will close down the bank with money from the bank.
Made BY THE PRESIDENT
The team that shut down the Cup last season will play tomorrow in the final of the Super Cup final against Besiktas, which he believes will improve the quality of the face, said Galatasaray President Dursun Ozbek, in a yellow-broken club slogan.
"maybe it is us," he said, adding that he believes Galatasaray will be a champion again after a year.
Away the ban was removed
Clubs Foundation announced a landmark decision at its meeting yesterday.
Agenda of the 15 July coup attempt to lift the away ban.
Starting from the new season, 4 adults will play on the sidelines and Besiktas-Bursaspor faces visiting team fans in the stands.
"after the 15th July, we decided to remove the away bans in a bid to further the unity and draw of the foundation."
"we believe that this unity and draw is much more important after the 15th of July Democracy," he said.
Clubs on the other hand, the result of the vote at the Foundation will continue on the current board, the statement said.
During the moment, the president of the Club of Uzbekistan is elected president.
Unlike earlier meetings, he noted that the table was not part of the club's
The emphasis on the unity and draw of the table is equipped with Turkish flags.
"the ENTIRE BAHMENT TELENGER"
Those who experience an attack against the indivisible integrity of Turkey have found great Turkish nationalities in the face, said the head of the Clubs' Union, Goksel Ozmountain. "we cannot afford to underestimate the composition of FETBC."
"as a football family, we will have to clean up and pick up our own garden," he said.
"there is a general conviction of friends over the name of the Turkish Cup in particular," he said on a question, "Do you think an organisation under the name of the 15 July Democracy Cup?"
"we will share this with the TFF."
The target of 25,000 combined
Them to compete at the new stadium in the new season.
The day for the move to Akaka, Muharrem Usta, head of the stock exchange, set the combined prices for his survey via social media.
With the new season of 25,000 combined and aiming to sell 100,000 of the pipes, the combination that will go on sale is expected to show intense interest to fans.
"the goal is 25,000 combined and more than 100,000 of them."
Questionnaire with answers to the prices of the fortress and the east / west.
Regardless of the matter.
He used the words "you are now in the ball."
The combined prices for the new season of the Bordo-maishvili club are set: "the lower-top of the fortress, the combined prices of 350 TL, the eastern top and western stands are 750 TL."
The new season, worth 150 lira, will also be offered as a gift to the combined areas, with 30 per cent of the students in the combined space, with the second combination being announced at a 50 per cent discount.
South KORELI UK has officially announced the launch of THE
Among them, the South Korean Hybrid Jun Suk had agreed on everything.
The player for rent from the Porto club for one year will be paid the temporary transfer price of 750,000 euros.
Players will also be guaranteed an annual fee of 1 million Euros.
The purchase of the player is set at 15 million euros.
Inexpensive e-books have been introduced in the chase
But, on June 11, 2015, two years of signing Pereira sent it at the end of the first year.
Chairman and chairman of the board of directors, the club's Financial Affairs Coordinator, Tamer Yelp, has also held a meeting.
Discuss the economic dimension of the incident at the meeting.
The need for an agreement with UEFA to keep a level of "annual harm" is sensitive to Yildirim's financial issues.
Contacted the representatives of Pereira.
Notified that he will be fired.
2 to 2.5 MURY ON THE EURO AND THE
The financial issues are still unresolved at some points, so the official statement will be held today or tomorrow, he said.
Pereira and his team were on the team yesterday for lack of official explanation.
The total cost of this operation was around 4 million euros.
But, for the occasion, it will provide an agreement to figure out the price.
Nowadays, Pereira will pay the fee in cash for a figure of between 2 to 2.5 million euros to finish the job.
Pereira does it if the salary is to be paid monthly.
If a team is to provide an agreement, that payment will be cut.
Pereira went down in the end, and yes, the Fenerbahce fan had taken a big revolution.
In the battle with Vitor Pereira, Caner Erkin, Luis Nani has been killed.
Robin van Persie has been rescued lightly wounded.
Vitor Pereira, on the contrary, will be happy with the expenditure of our management plaza, he said.
Love in the form of blood.
Pereira is the defending champion Fenerbahce.
Vitor Pereira packed his bags, and could go in the series with 3 to 2 now.
Pereira is at 18, according to the woman.
Seriously, the dismissal of
The Football Association (TFF) has learned that the top segment referee, Serdar Jacket, has been removed.
The referee, who is currently serving in the Rio Olympic Games, is also the father of FIFA referees, who is also the father of Serdar Jacket last year, which led to controversy in the referee community...
As part of the FFF recently, the Central Reference Board (HK), composed of representatives and observers with the Board of Directors, was re-established.
Van Persie laughed at him from the hundred
Pereira was fired from his post in the minutes of the alleged Dutch star, Robin van Persie, on account of the disaster that belonged to him.
He shares the photos of Fenerbahce himself, Robin van Persie, with a football ball and a laugh.
Commenting on this networking, he commented, "Pereira is happy to leave."
History of the first independent underscored al-Deehani
The winner of the 2016 Rio Olympics shooting, Fehaid al-Deehani, brought her first gold medal to independent athletes in the history of the games.
Medals were awarded for medals in the Olympic Shooting Centre's competitions.
The 49-year-old al-Deehani, 49, who joined the games with the Independent Olympic athletes Team due to his country's sentencing to Kuwait, faced the Italian Marco Innocenti.
He was the first to win a gold medal on the team of independent athletes in the last al-Deehani Olympics with a score of 26-24.
Vehicles and open a door to
"I respect those who play with Ben, and I respect those who play with me," said Egyptian Doorobashy Elghobashy, who won the 2016 Rio Olympics as head of beach volleyball.
Asked if he wanted to break the perception of Islam down in the West in recent years, Elghobashy said, "I have never had any problems with the Olympics."
Athletes here to compete with their talent.
Positive messages via social media from many countries of the Islamic world.
Encourage women in with us, we are proud of you, they say.
Open a door to women, "he said.
The 20-year-old Egyptian Elghobashy, a 20-year-old Egyptian, said that foreign athletes sometimes met him when they asked why he was wearing a closed leg.
Kazakh Balandelli wrote the history of the
One of the biggest surprises in swimming history yesterday morning was the victory of Kazak Dmitriy Balandyn.
Us swimmers were shown as favourites to win the 200m butterfly Balandin, 2 minutes 7 seconds into the victory.
The first ever swimming medal in the history of Kazakhstan, and also taking gold, was Balandin, who finished with a time of 2: 07.53, followed by Russian Chupkov in a time of 2: 07.70.
Highlights of the sun: friendship
Besiktas Technical Director Sheng sun has said that the Super Cup games will be very meaningful for observing the anniversary of the death of Sulejman Vega, while conformance is a fight.
"we have faith that friendship will be at the forefront of friendship, not only on the field these days, but also in the stands, not just on the field," said the veteran coach.
Previously, the assets were confiscated
According to the indictment, prepared by the Adana Republican Prosecutor's Office for the Investigation of Terrorism and Organized Crime by the people and organizations affiliated with FETBC / PDY, the value of the amendment irregular in the zoning plan amounts to an increase in the value of the FET / PDY terrorist group, 17 suspects indicted in the Criminal Court.
In the trial of the 1st defendant, Fetullah Gulen, on charges of violating the Constitutional Order of the Middle Ages, the trial court found that the defendants, along with Gulen, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Gamal, were on the hunt for arrest.
However, he was not caught up until this time, and the trial court for the 4 defendants, who did not come to the proceedings, agreed.
The Adana 2. heavy Criminal Court then ruled that Fetullah Gulen, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Gamal, who had been in the foreign country for failing to reach him, decided to "confiscate all assets" under the Criminal Procedure Code (CTC).
Together with the court's decision, the companies belonging to the defendants are transported in Turkey, land-sea and air transport vehicles, any rights and receive, securities paperwork, partner company share, rental tape, and bank accounts frozen.
Hussein Goodby: Gulen's demolition depends on the collapse of the 3 bears
FEI interpret the coup attempt by telling the man.
Hussein would sell the statements by saying:
Through my mind they attempted a coup, as they attempted to write this issue in the last 5-6 months, but they cannot do within the chain of command, "he wrote.
I do not know the two things; the first is to be this broadly common and deep, for example the Gendarmerie General Commander of 8 years and the competence of Mr. President.
Mr. President, the people who fight the most, how to pay attention to whom they chose, but the most important characteristic of them is an unprecedented privacy.
A multitude of two faces.
"this is not the business that FETBC can do," said one of the most important evidence points to such a deep sand.
Support from the CIA.
The CIA, this masterpiece was taken very early.
In 2014, it says, it will be replaced by the 1971 Vehicle Fuat East and Fetullah Gulen.
The people who are most interested in this era of relations between the lands and the CIA are the closest to the period.
Us pay the wages of the personnel of the armed forces, do not remember them after one man broke it out as follows.
When we learn it, we are in 2014.
Mahmut Bey's writing, after all, was not a statement that denied it.
Example, to be fair to orphans, is not captured in a row?
Who is curious about this.
The man had gone to Pensylvania 2 times in the last 25 days before the coup, he returned 2 days ago.
Fair orphans have gone 109 times since 2002, out of the home.
When you meet all of them, the topic of research has gone into research; all of those who run the moment are Fetullah Gulen from March 1999, which causes the US to go to the US with a avoiding research.
Will be seen, that they do not have to take an opportunity to go to Pensylvania.
But the real liaison with the CIA is that it can be detected from a couple of people; especially the police, who are supposed to be raising it from the police to the very people in the US.
WikiLeaks documents exist in the form of an association; and this association is holding joint meetings with the CIA.
15 years ago that links with the CIA were made to show the image.
I say it is an intelligence pool in Transylvania. 2 years ago.
The man working on the prime minister was working at the fair.
But the bad thing is; this information fell to the CIA as it fell in.
Gulen's demolition was tied to the collapse of the three bears; one base, which we base, was the friendly link that was, well, deep in the hip, there are those who say that even the coup attempt is still in his film.
Three feet, or a base support.
Questions of theft, theft, and right to vote, much of this base support.
Other two feet; political support, international support.
International support is still available.
The only thing that will break political support was Baykal and MHP managers documented that the tape was pulled out by FETBC.
Shortly after July 15, the "FETURE" of Mr. leader also uses, everyone has their eyes.
Gulen has a number that says, "I don't do that around me.
In my echo, he says, "Yahweh Hussein mosque, this girl blows very different dreams, they send me, they send me, because I am no longer banned, because the dream is not true."
When he received a sound recording, he told the people at the bar that the voice of the Barbarian husband: mentor friends had seen the dream, double the Hell Tweets.
1 policemen have been killed in Nusaybin
According to the information, the armoured vehicle, which patrols the Selahaddin neighbourhood, opened fire with long decent weapons by terrorists.
When a police officer was killed in the first fire, a police officer was injured.
Shootout to turn the police into two terrorist attacks.
The injured were taken to Nusaybin state hospital, police said.
Operation in the region.
Plotters interrupted by the vote of the TV transmissions
Private television, which owns a key share in preventing the coup attempt on the night of July 15th, has continued broadcasting thanks to a technical staff of the plotters in Turksat.
Is that hero of the rock...
"I take everything that ends when my friends killed my friends in the fire from the helicopter," Akkaya said in a statement.
I asked me to cut off the weapons and transmissions.
I just closed the local TV.
Bowls then saying that we should go away from the building to the right.
I spent up to 20 minutes in the part where the antenna was located.
"I still have some cables in here but I didn't touch the broadcasts," he said.
The plotters did not manage to cut the publication in Samanway TV to their experts.
Some terrorists were caught by police arriving 3 minutes before the scene.
The plotters returned to the building about 1 hour later by phone from them, understood that he continued to broadcast TV broadcasts, and at that moment, with the death of the rock, he described the voyage:
I took over the nurse that night at 8 o'clock in the evening.
He saw the entrust to us.
E-state and electrical system for each of my friends nurse.
We are gathering to drink tea, such as around the clock, during our modest flight by helicopter.
Again around the helicopter, there were more than a few air cars flying silent.
Have seen their names.
Unmanned aerial vehicles, which are probably not.
Halfway through the term, they were flying off.
11 years is, for the first time in my life, so close to the flight I was looking for the employee.
Then started a galaxy.
Apprehension we have learned that the bridge has been closed.
During that stretch, our general manager was instructed to come to the building with friends who were not at that moment in safety.
I went to the employee to get the information, I learned that all the publications in the TRT have fallen.
5 minutes, the TRT transmissions were cut.
Tram was looking at the main sand but I got access.
Our control stations have come back to TRT publications and have begun to read the statement.
The deputy governor of the town of Halil, with the instructions of the governor, urgently cut off the TRT publications.
Tram 3 channels for a wide broadcast that we have begun to work in order to cut the publication.
Just before the Prime Minister Binali Yildirim had heard of that.
To the manager of the TRT to give us a bit of resistance psychology.
Trains cut, we heard the voice of the helicopter after a while.
When we got out, the employee was blow to the helicopter everywhere, aside from everyone.
Hiding a building on the back side.
I have a total of 12 people.
Then we crossed the helicopter from the helicopter to the soldiers.
Caught a few of our fellow soldiers.
We found out that we were to leave them alone.
During that stretch we caught our general manager and saw that they were on the knee.
Soldiers speak for themselves.
To let the one hit, they were afraid of one.
Then walked away from us all.
Commanders in chief, who will not ask again, he started shouting.
In one of the words in the shot, we thought: we have no news from the home but a instructions came from us, in the exact moment he was TRT.
That means that there is a resistance.
I felt that moment I gave up my own life.
Entries in me.
I stood up without knowing what to do at that moment.
The only thing at that moment was that the helicopter was opened fire to my friends in the garage.
Nizhny Novgorod thought that 10-15 friends were killed and that they will eventually kill us in the proportions that a relief has collapsed on me.
Cut all transmissions with the exception of the early commander in chief, 'he said.
Local channels to satellite while we have parts of the system.
Over 200 local channels, 80 of which are broadcasting from the room.
I came to this room.
Including no national broadcast.
If I cut them off and all that had been cut off, at least until then the support income would reach outside help.
Expenditure up to the place where the entries were received.
The end, then we concede that we might not.
Will be cut in complete entries.
I cut off from the memory of one of the local canal packages.
I was able to monitor the national channels to force the monitors to cut off.
Signal in all the screens so that there is no writing.
I should go to the antenna in order to be completely cut off.
Commander made his way to me with two soldiers.
I open the room from the memory, the soldier is in one.
Weapon is based on my hormones.
If it was all cut, with the exception of Tron, no one, but one of your drinks will eventually hit you, this would be you, 'he said.
If I am in my life now because if they go well then they will see that all of the entries will be frozen, nothing else to say.
Before we passed, the votes were blocked by local transmissions.
Passed to the other antenna.
Was then close to 20 national channels, a system that corresponds to our hands.
With the local channels, about 20 monitors have been in vain.
Rabbim helped us so that we did not have a hard time deciding both the answer and their print.
Believe in our answers.
To be commended.
Relieved of this.
Antenna after it was replaced by traffic.
I don't know, and I am the publisher of the tv show, in which you are electrically asked.
If there were no electricians after the game in the evening, the malfunction was in the team's income entries.
In fact, he was the electrician at the time.
I came to my mind that I did not cut off the broadcasts.
Soldiers thought to cut them in for the votes.
Publications are a bit relieved because they think they have been cut.
Dare to look at the publications.
Now the group was put on hold.
Waiting for about an hour after opening the TV to see the news broadcast.
Entered inside the soldier.
'command A news publication, 'he said.
We are with the command of the eye.
Up, 'he said.
Has lifted.
At that moment, there are still ongoing broadcasts of a soldier, 'he said.
Channels in broadcasting, 'he said.
If they are broadcasting via Cyprus, we can do something to them.
"after correspondence with someone, he took us all up," he said.
The plotters fled with the van.
He led me to the toilets and saw the photograph of the soldier that had been executed in the seat of the van.
Fired on 3 occasions, and drove away from the fire.
Confirmed that my friends were the same soldiers.
That we were at the adoption of our soldiers.
Probably ended up in the soldiers.
Have executed to avoid him.
Asked according to the testimony of the first police team in the regulation.
When police crews arrived in the tombs, the security guards returned to the town to take the ammunition.
Returned after 40 minutes.
When police arrived, they did not see anyone in the foreign employee.
"when the police teams called us from the inside, we should go to the emergency room," Akkaya said, describing the alleged expert persons sent from Samanway TV only 3-4 minutes later.
"the police asked for identification, four of them surrounded by cell phones and walked away, 'he said.
The spirit of the mountains, after the
The AK Party will be issuing an e-mail to Diyarbakir, Van and Mardin in early September with a broad delegation including businessmen, artists, athletes and redeemed citizens in order to establish "bridge bridges" with citizens in the region.
The AK Party is preparing to Diyarbakir "the spirit of the day" with the pro-democracy nurse following the bloody coup attempt by the FETBC / PDY junta.
Representatives from CHP and MHP will also be invited to participate in the charity campaign that will be carried out in the eastern and southeastern regions ahead of the prayer.
The party, which will deliver a message to the people of the region "in your state and nation," will bring aid to poor families and needy owners.
The last MYK meeting of the party was carried out for the first time in the round of the Gonul Bridge project.
The decision to continue in prayer at the Gonul Bridge, which has been affected by terrorism in the region, welcomed the positive results of the project for families, especially young people and children.
The Vice President of Civil Society is chaired by the head of relations.
However, they will meet in 12 cities in eastern and southeastern Turkey, Diyarbakir, Mardin and Van.
Central adopted these 3 provinces for meetings ahead of the holiday.
Events will also be attended by businessman, artist, athlete and redeemed.
The organisation of these meetings, aid and work will be discussed.
Prayer in the famous figure of the delegations, benefits personally to the citizens.
Young people and children will be given holiday allowance, the school needs for the post-holiday schools will be settled in this way.
Donations will be distributed to the victims.
After 15 July, the mood of national unity against the coup between the Party, CHP and MHP will be reflected in this project.
12 members of the CHP and MHP will be invited to participate in the project.
Assistance activities will be provided to the 3 parties together.
The events, as in the case of the HDP, are not invited.
Spoke of his "fair orphans" who spoke of the
The 15 July coup attempt was shown as the 1 number of FETs who, together with the father of the fair orphans, were taken into custody and transferred to the courthouse.
He and his entourage were released on condition of criminal control and a home-out ban.
"I am in favour of the state."
The coup of Allah.
I know, 18 years is fair, I have not actually been able to recognise the orphans.
To be fair, he did not stumble.
I want to capture a moment.
Can live in this way, nor can live in the world.
Come from, rely on justice.
Error is his sentence.
Escape inflicted on us.
Pity the police, the state.
Between 20 and 25 days, the police are not dealing with another.
"we need to work, not a coup," Yildirim said, adding that Turkey does not want to return to Syria.
That we do not want to be like Syria.
Syria had such a neighbour.
Like a president.
"what would be our job in the coup," he said.
On the other hand, on July 19, the most recent incident took its toll on the TEM motorway, while the orphans, who had a SIR license plate in the vehicle, were involved in losses after leaving the garage of his home.
Continuous operation of the university: 30 detention
The launch for the operation this morning was part of an investigation conducted in Izmir on the university's construction of a terrorist group.
The operation, carried out by the Izmir Directorate for Fiscal Crimes against Izmir Katic and Chalabi University, was taken into custody at the addresses of 30 of the 40 suspects in the university.
The professors were among those detained in the operation, which was carried out with the order of the Izmir Republican Prosecutor's Office.
The names of the detained were questioned at the branch of the financial accused.
Search for other names.
The prosecutor detained the wrist
According to information received, the County Sheriff's Office has asked the authorities to detain the Virancity Republican Prosecutor Ahmet Fuld as part of the investigation.
Fuld, then, claimed that he would commit suicide by imposing on his head.
He was persuaded by his wife, who arrived at the courthouse, hours, and committed suicide.
Taken into custody, was taken to the County Sheriff's Office.
Ban smoking in the areas of parks and sports
Speaking at the signing ceremony at the Centre for Culture and Congresses at the Sheikh Edebali Culture and Convention Centre, the mayor of Bilkent, Sheikh Edebali, said that the decision of the Municipal Council is to add a clause to the regulation of smoking in the areas of parking, sport and play.
Looters are reminiscent of the protocol they met in an effort to sign a protocol with all public institution managers regarding the future of the new generations.
The health director Yasin Yilmaz has also reported that the protocol aims to stop smoking and remove young people from bad habits.
After the speech, Mayor looters, Sheikh Edebali University Rector Professor Ibrahim Stone, the director of national education, the director general of the Administration, the director general of the public hospitals, Omar Balci, the director general of the public hospitals, and the acting head of the branch of the Brighton Association, Hilal Savran, signed the protocol.
Saw the sand in the sand, killing the FET
The Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office is investigating the role of the mysterious deaths of Behgjet Oktay, head of the special division of the agency that closed the file, "Suicide," in 2009.
He remained in the same logistics with Oktay, and, 6 days before he died, the Hezbollah terrorist group suspected he was listening to the false name of the former head of the police intelligence agency, Ramadan Akkark, the chief suspect in the investigation.
As part of the Ergenekon probe, a portion of the ammunition seized by the safe FETBC team has been stolen from the Special Collections Department, and it is believed that Oktay was killed for the detection.
It was dubbed "suicide" by Behgjet Oktay, who was killed in Ankara on 25 February 2009, as the head of the then special division of the agency.
Case, however, there were many questions.
Family and family lawyers struggled with the legal struggle and, as a result of the evidence revealed 2 years later, this time the murder investigation was opened.
Soldier, who was said to have struck him at the right hand of the pistol.
He also broke bones in the trunk and was detected in the body.
The case on the murder investigation is not in 2012.
Only, in the case of the murder, and who was on the side of the bar where he was tried.
Was acquitted at the end of the pain.
Nuriyev, who is in prison for another crime and sent a letter to the prosecution, was sentenced to 6 months in prison on charges of "criminal undertaking and criminal authorities wrong."
O SALVADOR TO THE SORDER OF THE SUN
In the meantime, "committed suicide," the prosecutor, Hussein Yalta, retired while conducting the murder investigation.
His family, along with the prosecutor's office, also wants to investigate Nihat Yildirim, the prosecutor.
Behget Oktay's sister, Shrine Oktay, and her brother, Nezih Oktay, have made many requests for the process.
While Kesici said it is not possible to kill the specially trained Oktay alone, the family has asked for the investigation to be expanded.
The family said it was covering the incident and asked prosecutors to identify and prosecute police officers who wanted to shut down the Behget Oktay file as a suicide.
After all the demands of the family were rejected, it emerged that Oktay had heard the false name "Abdurrahman," a member of the Hezbollah Terror Organisation 6 days before he died.
Listening to the sanction is the era of the head of the police intelligence agency.
The Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office, which revisited the Behget Oktay file on this development, began to examine the finger of Fetullahan Terror (FETBC) in the murder.
Meanwhile, the case at the Ankara Criminal Court on the illegal rest of the month will begin on September 19th.
Behind the TABILITY OF FEAR
The family, interviewed in the morning, is hopeful that the current investigation will be conducted.
Family members had previously been accused of covering up the FETBC finger in the murder during the show and for the trial.
Sister Shule Oktay said, "This murder actually came to the pond."
We have not been able to perceive.
Before my brother was killed in the food, 'he said.
Reminds me of the entries.
Reminds me of the FEI at that time.
I thought he would be dismissed.
Death never came to mind.
This is, of course, behind the wheel.
"that period of management was in their hands," he said.
The boy searched his family, attended the prayers
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the last nurse of the party Sinop member Nazim Mavis, also searched for democracy schemes, after the party Sinop member Nazim Maven, a member of the party Sinop, addressed citizens in the presidential entourage.
The 40-year-old said the phone came at the time they prayed for his son, adding, "Mr. President, we also attended prayers."
"I told him that our country and his health were important to us," he said.
In THE LIBRARY TO THE INSTITUTE OF THE MAN.
He addressed the citizens in front of the presidential palace the previous evening.
After his speech in the middle of the night, he met with some of his fellow citizens.
Speaking to the nurse of democracy, an elderly aunt, with whom he was walking, was the only one chatting with citizens, interested in children, thanked citizens for their sacrifices.
Erdogan later searched his father Fahrettin Openeye, the father of the 15 July martyrs, through the AK Party Sinop member Nazim Mavis.
When Omar Can's father Fahrettin, 21, a student at TOBB University Law School who was shot in front of the presidential palace, said he was looking for his son and martyrs at home at 40: 30 at night, adding, "When we pray for my son, Mr. President, we also have prayers."
I am in the health of our country and he is very important to us.
"we were very happy with the search for Mr. President and prayed over the phone," he said.
FEI was destroyed by the pyramids of
26 FETs were arrested in Urla.
They also referred to the "build-up" within the organisation in accordance with the testimonies of the victims and threatened those who want to end the daily newspaper subscriptions and the Liberation of Hepburn.
In the evening, the FEI Ordnance 20 was arrested.
24 people, including former Bursa Police Chief Ali Osman Rivera, were transferred to the courthouse.
The doctor was arrested
Edirne, who was responsible for the doctors in the organisation, was arrested at the Tunnel.
14 of the 14 professors at Pamukkale University, 30, or Alaaddin, 19, and 2 academics at the University of Canterbury, were detained in a FETTER wound in Rises.
8 in Diyarbakir and 2 deputy governors with prosecutors, 2 rocks were taken into custody.
Still one of whom was at the detention hearing.
Batman, the deputy governor, was suspended.
2 police chief from 465 police were arrested at Istanbul's Embankment.
51, 51, Kayseri in 14, Malatya, 14, in Siirt with 10 police in the district, were arrested.
People who have been hit by the treacherous PKK
After more than four decades of fighting to finish the PKK terrorism, Turkey has failed to explain why its leaders in this struggle have failed to destroy the day.
Infiltrated the critical institutions of the FEI militants, who worked for the hand of the four.
The point today is that the murder of Hrant Dink, the case of the Russian crashed behind critical events such as the lowering of the FEI, is serious doubt and evidence has begun to emerge.
Hamilton, THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE, KABARIK
During the 15 July coup attempt, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's hotel in Marmaris, which manages the raid and assassination operation, is high on the record.
Earlier, Saverhill's air offensive to the PKK was determined by terrorists while on the air.
Intelligence units in his research also reported that the record of the fire was on the rise.
Determination is retained
The intelligence leak to the PKK, as well as the targets set by the Turkish warplanes, has not been fully shot up.
MIT is the leading cast of the terrorist group Kandil at the foot of the Kandil dining spot, where intelligence is alleged to have been deflected by Gokhan Saverhill and prevented the shooting of targets.
When the Coordinator changed, the PKK leader was in the air to destroy the leader of the warplanes, who were struck by the targets on the side of the targets, so that the leaders of the terrorist group had survived.
The intelligence review found that both targets were deflected and the F-16s played a key role in the shooting of PKK terrorists without air.
377,000 officers manipulation of the file
The terrorist head was ordered by Fetullah Gulen after the coup attempt by members of the TSK and the restructuring process at the Ministry of National Defence.
The particular questions of entry to the military high school were stolen by FETBC, the intimidation of military students who were not members of the organisation, and it is understood that a comprehensive cleaning process was initiated.
The final expulsions ranged from 39 to 287 officers, with about 37,000 officers, while the cleaning for the general and supervisors will also be carried out for these officers.
For this particular theme will be frozen in cadres, which are up to the rank of colonel.
Shortly before a comprehensive investigation will be completed.
37 thousand officers were the only one to open the file.
Four decades of work, with a FET of soldiers to be discovered.
Officers who do not have a relationship with the FET will continue their missions.
The army has cleared the last FET that the fight will take place until the officers are tipped off, but will come up after the investigation.
The investigation is conducted along the lands, the police, and the State.
The officers investigated the file as part of the investigation, whether the officers were civilians, or whether they received the rank, their term, their places and commanders being investigated.
They will also be investigated for a work of forty-four years, regardless of whether they are members of the FET.
Many of the officers who have no connection with the process will also be affected by the process.
If there is not the slightest doubt that the officer will be immediately suspended and transferred to the judiciary.
FET links to those identified, information and documents attached to the military will be immediately cut off.
If all these transactions are frozen during the term, the review will be deepened.
These measures are also necessary for the failure of the vacuum cadres after the procedure.
Participants are taken from the TSK in the sand and forced to retire unless they want the security investigations of the equivalent cadres and circuit friends with the same summary of rights to be able to return to their profession.
2, 133 officers of the EDWARD
Staff of the TSK as of July 1, the number of officers was 39 thousand 287 officers.
Lieutenant Colonel Haven, the captain, the captain, the head of the building, and the colonel in the class of 32, the majority of the 289 staff in the land, was in the air and marine forces.
But in the first wave of expulsions on July 27, 726 were removed from the land, 314 of them in the air, 59 in the Marine forces.
Under the decree on 31 July, 125 of the 1,304 officers, including 909 of the Gendarmerie General Command, were attached to the TSK.
From Elite: wearing a FETURE of poison
The founder and first leader of the company, Alparslan Speciallion, retired from the protection of the company, from which he was killed by poisoning, and it was suggested that someone from the family had collaborated with FETBC.
"I didn't tell anyone so far, but I didn't tell anyone so far, but in the case of Muhsin Yazicioglu's helicopter, I would monitor the image of the soldier and talk after the plotters assigned to kill our President."
Specifies the protection that they say:
I went to Germany in 1997.
Before 3 days before we were to lie down and register.
Check out the idea of the 33-year-old Burdurian doctor who was "18
"nothing," he said.
The reason is that the doctor died of a heart attack 1 month later.
Return to Ankara on the 3rd of April.
Of wheat Amasya.
I returned while searching for me and a badge in the Hilton.
Desperate after the badge was issued, the driver, Alparslan, said to her, "I was hungry."
Survival of the glass.
To open the windows, he comes with a voice.
Ago, at the heart of the Medical Center, they made the electric, but it was finished.
Was to take it to the medical centre, but the job was all done.
I think that someone from the family was poisoned in Amasya.
Specifies the sequence of events.
His former wife, Seval Species, made the last statements to defend my migraine and that he would have heard of my rhetoric and that he was "killed."
Of human beings, is a base of chaos, with grave open arms.
They say they have a heart attack.
Wearing the tomb should be opened again.
Always the lion was killed?
Off to prison while they were arrested for the evasion of gold!
The operation, organised by the businessmen of FETBC / PDY in Izmir, was confiscated during shipments to Transylvania.
During the operation at work, he learned that 30 kilos of gold were found to be trafficked to Transylvania.
3 persons were arrested and sent to prison after the six were sent to Transylvania, where businessman Mehmet Eldem's workplace Eldem complied.
The businessmen Mustafa Ozkara, Ezel Elector and Resul were arrested during the operation, which is also part of an investigation conducted in Izmir.
The Aegean and Western Mediterranean Industry and Businessmen's Association (EDEF) Chairman Mustafa Ozkara and Batasak Transit Transport Oil and Businessmen of the Aegean and Western Mediterranean Industry and Businessmen (EDEF) Chairman Mustafa Ozkara were detained during an operation on July 29th.
While trying to escape to Kyrgyzstan, Izmir Adnan Menderes, who was captured at the airport by Izmir Adnan Menderes, was the son of the first build-up of Fetullah Gulen, and was determined to be one of the most important figures in the Aegean Region.
The other businessmen detained for allegedly providing financial resources to FETBC were seized in the 5 fuel station where they were owned by Ezel and Resul Elector.
1 hour drive and robbed of 3 similar
The incident occurred last night in the card.
The extortion vehicle came to Eagle with two men on the side of the road before a petrol station was located 300 meters ahead of another petrol station, then again shot another station on the side of the road.
Alarmed by the aftermath of the robbery, Eagle police quickly spotted the suspects and launched the hunt.
Police teams were called by the suspects, and U.A.A. was stuck in the vehicle.
They used the card from the square to escape the suspects, who were then fired at the police.
The pedestrian was caught up in the ongoing chase after one of the suspects said he was cutting off on the Boulevard.
Information received from the police in the second him as soon as possible.
They were subsequently arrested and sent to prison following procedures in the Eagle Security bureau.
On the other hand, masked robbery was recorded by the cameras.
The gas station security cameras showed footage of the suspect first entering the petrol station after the discovery, wearing masks on the outside of the vehicle and entering the brand again.
Brand entered the market with the first suspect before being haunted by the employee.
Market employees came out with the attack after he found the other person on the side of the head wearing a mask and shot.
To grab the suspect employees after he had run out of the 6,200 lira in the tape.
The suspects have been charged with extortion from 3 stations in the top searches of about 15,000 lira, an unlicensed weapon and again extortion vehicles.
Large with the earthquake of 7.2
The US Geological Survey (USGS) has announced that the central base of the new Kaledonia Island, 109 miles east of the city, has been at a depth of 10 kilometers.
Loss and loss of property, which did not cause the tsunami warning, was cancelled shortly afterwards.
"we are often struck by the earthquake in Vanuatu, which has been dubbed" Pacific Serious Cases. "
Unaware of the coup of the martyrs who had been
The relatives of the 38-year-old, who was killed at the Bridge on the night of July 15, are protecting their memoir.
His wife, Fatma Can, said that while there were no reports of the coup attempt yet that night, his wife "traveled to the site of a prayer in the village of Shreval, where he learned of a prayer at home, then recommended him to take this prayer.
After watching the news on television in the evening and learning the coup attempt, Fatma Can, described:
Prepared and set out together.
Bridge, when there were people waiting there.
As soon as the bridge becomes a member, the tank has opened fire on us 2 times.
Once we got in the trenches, then we were taken off by the tank.
The bridge was standing in a big bus spot.
I saw a lot of the crowd.
I stood there for a while, waiting.
Progress was not what we thought he was going to do.
Wanted us to pass in the tough side lane.
When he crossed the side lane, he predicted the sniper, we had a clear goal and was shot there.
Tough that prayer 4 hours after he was killed and killed.
I was not involved in the coup.
God is a hiker...
God, who is the Messenger of Allah.
My wife had previously said, "If I were to die, we would have a tree that gave fruit to my graves.
I wish this would be carried out by planting a tree at the head of the cemetery.
Translator Can, they also owe their gratitude to the President for visiting them, noting that "God has asked him to settle."
Supplied crystals in the skull and bone parts!
According to sources, at around 8pm, the faculty at the Belankaya neighbourhood were on the train road with New Ankara Street, along the train road, where the machinery of electrical installations was planted in the excavated bone parts during his work.
Employees and residents then reported the situation to the police.
The bar was transferred to police teams at the scene.
These 3 pieces of the head and bone pieces were found during the work of the police, which gave news to the spot review teams.
The incident was followed by the work of the review teams breaking into the bone parts bag and taken to the forensic institution.
The inhabitants of the neighbourhood, where there were fragments of bones, had an old cemetery on the cemetery in the 1960s, there was a pathway to the cemetery, then they were demolished.
Review of the incident.
Rita may take 4 months to return the killers
After losing in Istanbul 34 days after the trail was discovered in the body of German hairdresser Rita Dbearer Winkler (39) 4 months later, the murderer of his male friend, who was captured in Germany, could take 4 months to return.
Winkler arrived in Turkey on Thursday (March 3rd) to meet with her boyfriend Ali Kemal S. (46).
Ali Kemal S. was expected to return to Germany on Wednesday morning (March 9th) after meeting at the Istanbul Penitentiary.
The family's missing tip was the result of research conducted by the Istanbul Embankment, which doubts Winkler's married boyfriend, Ali Kemal.
The 13 April jump screens were published in the Sweet Serve programme with the brother of Ali Kemal S., who belonged to his brother, and who was in regulation at the tip of the business.
Search for work on the bar on the job.
Winkler's body was found buried against the backdrop of the location of the business.
Charged with aiding the U.S. in the murder and the safe contradictory statements of his brother Hussein S. (42) were arrested.
The suspect, Ali Kemal S., was involved in losses in Germany, where Winkler's body was found.
The Hamm Prosecutor reported that Ali Kemal, wanted in 190 countries by Interpol, was arrested while crossing the street and resisting the police.
The German prosecutor has so far been unable to identify where he has been hiding, so he could find the 4th in the extradition process.
Shortly after the coup plotters came out on the night of July 15, they opened fire on the mosque to silence the countryside, read from the windows across the Base.
In the morning, footage of the attack on the mosque with footage of the attack against TAI TUSAAS, the closest mosque to the 40th Base, was told during the match against the imam "on behalf of the box."
According to information from the plotters, the plotters began shooting directly at the hopefuls at a distance of about 50 meters shortly after they began to read the Sala.
One of the shooting hopefuls hit the mark with 4.
The plotters were not able to hit the central system until the outbreak was read through to the end.
The incident took place at the site of the mosque with the intention to kill the imam, who broke the door of the mosque and saw the plotters inside.
"I have no personal connection to my injuries but I want them to be able to shoot even in the mosque, and I want them to be punished severely for this revival, which killed the people," mosque Imams Mustafa Shaper said.
Young people killed by drugs at the festival
2 out of 5 people were hospitalized after falling ill at the youth festival in Istanbul last week.
According to information received, 5 of those attending a youth festival in Bahá, on August 6th, were hospitalized.
Treatment of Brigade Ergin (19) and Gokhan Ally (19) died.
3 is the treatment of the person.
Police said 5 people were taken into custody for allegedly selling drugs to teenagers attending the festival.
Shortly after the procedures were transferred to the courthouse, 3 of the 5 suspects were arrested, while 2 were released without trial.
Research on the reasons for the death of young people.
The Fishermen's Burhaniya district also set up tents on the edge of the seaside, and two of the 6 young people who were using the drug were found.
Was hospitalized, and B.C., he died.
The other 4 youths were taken to police headquarters after their treatment.
Separate home in front of his wife's house, where the bomb exploded
The 41-year-old, who lives in Bursa, Calif., left the house due to severe defections about 8 to 9 months ago, when his wife rented his own effort in front of the house and went into the nail to fill the nail with his hand in the homemade bomb, the explosion.
Due to the boom in the evening yesterday, residents fear and panic, and nail joints in the environment break the windows of many houses.
Counterterrorism teams are working to catch the M.Y, who fled after the incident and is identified as unemployed.
The residents said the woman had left the house about a month ago due to the pressures of his wife, who had left the shelter.
Explosion in prison in the Philippines: 10 dead
Xavier Solda, a spokesman for the Bureau of Prison Management and Pensions, said 10 prisoners have been killed in the blast, two of which have yet to be determined because of the cause of the Paraque prison in Manila.
Solda, who said a guard was seriously injured in the blast, said, "We have confirmed that there was an explosion inside the first study."
Research due to the explosion, "he said.
Before the incident, the inmates examined reports that they would be sent to another building to discuss with the guards, Solda said, adding that investigators investigated whether the explosion was part of an escape attempt.
Police official Jose Carumba also said in a statement to the local media that the guards had fired the prisoners after he heard the voice of the gun, a grenade that exploded around him.
Curumba noted that the authorities investigated how the prisoners, who were hit by the guards, put the weapon in jail.
Explosions in Thailand
3 people were killed in explosions in 4 cities in the south of Thailand.
Authorities said 3 people were killed in the blasts in Trang, Hua, Surat Thani and Phuket, and 35 others, including tourists, were injured.
Police spokesman Piano Pingmug said at a press conference that the bomb attacks were not linked to terrorism.
"Thailand has no regional or religious problem with them," he said.
"we think this is an act of internal combustion."
Prayut, leader of the junta, also told reporters that he did not want to comment on who was behind the explosions.
"we must focus on maintaining calm, peace and trust," he said.
Over 20 people were killed and 120 injured in a bomb attack near the Erawan Temple in the capital, Bangkok, on August 17 last year.
Slept, "will be executed with the poisonous injections of the
Lonnie David Franklin, 63, known as "Grim Sleeper," who was arrested for at least 10 murders in the United States, was given a death sentence.
Franklin, a former cleaning worker, was chosen to target life women and drug addicts in the murders.
The judge, Kathleen Kennedy, who was the judge of Franklin, told the suspect, "I strode like Sallow, and I have never seen so many obnoxious criminal proceedings in my new life."
Franklin is one of the bloodiest bloody killers in California history.
10 people deliberately kill and a person convicted of attempted murder of Franklin will be executed with toxic injections.
In action against the FEDERAL "
Macedonian Minister of State Furkan Jacko stated that the extension of the FETBC to the countries in the legal aspects is also a step forward for initiating the required investigations.
"all this is known to the public."
Turks here, their children are no longer FET schools.
We are now calling on our people to make their way to their children here.
"the structure is well known by the public," he said.
Sky meteor will culminate in the rain
Perseid will reach the highest level in the night, connecting Friday (August 13th) to Saturday (August 13th), the TUC National Observatory for Astronomy and Space Sciences professor Hasan Esenson said.
The thousands of items have been removed from the solar circle and the impact of the shooting is "swift - with Swift - keeping it off," Esenson said, adding that this would turn into a natural visual feast.
His son, Perseid, was discovered in 1862 for the first time, starting in the 1990s, when he started again in the world.
"if we watch such a visual feast coming from the distant past, we should be interested," he said.
Ultimately this is a natural visual of the deceased.
Will contribute to our better understanding of the universe, "he said.
In the red, while in the heat of the white light, they will
Each year, the lake is cut off during the rain, some of which will fall to the surface of the body, he said.
Persecution of up to 2,000 degrees.
Temperatures in the atmosphere are warming and because the Perseans are in a natural environment while temperatures are red, while they produce light in white.
The international sky Organizer can contribute to science by writing how many celestial bodies can be found on the internet site.
This data is the value of information collected from all over the world.
Stream all night
The estimate of rain moving at about 60 miles per second is a reminder that this visual feast in the sky is a good way to shed light on the northeast, which can be watched throughout the night in a good way.
Throughout the year, more than 100 lakes have occurred in the rainforest, he said, noting that after the Perseid lake rain was observed on December 4 and 17, it was a remarkable nature event.
Less educated, former footballer, he
Even though the balance was overturned, less educated former footballer Recep Tayyip Erdogan, a populist, led by a widely devout entrepreneur, Fetullah Gulen from Tashkent, has been the winning alliance of highly educated followers of dozens of universities and educational institutes.
Above, the Policy in an article in the last week of the sentence.
He is a little educated and former football player; he is an elementary school graduate and former football player; he is widely praised by Gulen followers as a broad entrepreneur, and similar articles are often cited in Western media.
And then, on the other hand, in his article "Why America and / or Western opponents of the rising sun rises?," they are trying to explain the sentence with which he began.
Western opponents in Turkey are unaware of Turkey's history, which analysts see as a situation during Erdogan's era.
In fact, according to statistics, during the first decade of his term, his Western opponents decreased or had, on average, be read as a term.
Since this was in ten years with the United States in the synchronised manner, it was good relations.
Referring to Erdogan's criticism of Israel for its failure to put a clear policy on Turkey and the refugee crisis in Turkey, the PKK, which has been critical of Erdogan's anti-Assad regime in Turkey, said some of the figures, such as the Syrian arm of the PKK, should be left alone in Turkey, while the PKK's Syrian arm forces its predecessor, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, to downplay Turkey's struggle with DAV and reduce our unity with US support and Baghdad leadership.
As a result of the bloody coup, we lost 247 people, our so-called allies, the EU countries and the United States until proven the failure of the coup, they expect to build peace and stability in Turkey, with no emphasis on democracy and the elected government, let's say.
And while 11 Charlie Hebdo employees in Paris were killed in the protest march, many leaders from around the world took part in the protest march, but when it came to fighting tanks for democracy, 247 people were killed in a month after the coup attempt in which any speaker from any western country will be forgotten?
The issue of refugees a few times a year for the president or senior representative of those who sent it to the lower levels, what will we say?
If the Hurriyet newspaper had broken the windows, all the EU and US ambassadors would go to visit the past, and how to evaluate the bombing during a solidarity visit to Parliament?
In the first two weeks when the coup in Egypt took place in the first two weeks leading up to the coup leader Sisi shake hands with the coup leader, it should be remembered that democracy is being rebuilt in support of the coup leadership, who at every opportunity in western countries are concerned about its democracy rather than the lack of sincere in Turkey?
Still, 95% of the public view Gulen as responsible for the coup, even allowing him to be freely in the US now enough to infuriate the Turkish people.
If the above plan is included in the background, I think it is clear that the rising West / America opponents will not be able to be released with just that.
And he is currently in recession, he is not even considering the US effect...
Means that the polling stations were never unaware of the theme of the
With the growing intelligence of his own people, who are small, who do not think like him, he is "ignorant" of the growing intelligence that he can steal from the same tellers after the night of July 15th?
This is how people look after the state and democracy, and then they seek to answer the question "where are we wrong?
But the questions that need to be answered are so much more than that?
The officers, who served in various positions until the treacherous, and the officers granted them the right to use their weapons in the state, refused to enter into the status of "Hain" for a moment, and did not want asylum from foreign states.
Also, we live in a mental hit environment and we gaze at people looking at how to deviate from the behaviour of the people as directed to their behaviour.
Sulphur declarations when it comes to the coup d'état...
For the participants of this action in cities like the cities of Syria, there was simply a point of view?
An officer bombs the parliament of his own country?
Packed with the bedside of the mattress, we should not fall into an illusion, like waiting for appropriate behavior.
Other responsible to let you know that everything that is responsible for everything is not just FET.
Politics scuffle, and as a profession of hatred, there are also cadres who make the necessary contributions to the tragedies that occur.
Bears, offering themselves as "created," are all types of rule out behaviour, and even the term biographical is natural to the masses.
People hate their own people when they are given weapons on how to shoot this public even at the end.
Way of democracy, we know the way
I say something very simple: on the evening of the 15th July in Turkey, the popular soldier, FET7000, assists in racket, racket, 250 killed in the series and set up a lot to save democracy.
But behind the 15th of July, 1992; 2002 and 2012; there are three terms, including 2012 and the aftermath.
There are three changes that have been prepared in this three period: economic, social, political.
Social change has drawn two major phenomenon: the rural areas of the text, and the migration of these migrations to the centre after a very long period of time around the cities.
I moved this on Wednesday through the metro.
The subway is not the most important element of social change if they do not pass, he emphasised.
The same finger is the second major change in bridges and roads.
Contribution to the modernisation of the road and bridge is more easily understandable.
Road income, economic and social structure change.
In our country is one that has changed the structure of politics.
This date was at the height of the bridge that I spotted with me.
Built, at the Bridge.
Of this 1950 peasant movement in the 1960s.
Ozal continued with the second bridge, which we now name as the 15 July Martyrs Bridge.
Even routes to them - the relationship established between the centre.
That is also a sign of how a social change course is monitored.
Of the name of Demirel and the great masses of soda at the centre.
To them the ideology of the centre.
The party did the third bridge in several decades.
Because of the whole rate of migration.
People from satellite cities.
Created a slightly closed system in that areas.
The party of local governments gave people, jobs, social status, they voted for the party.
The masses are thus not at the centre of osteoporosis in the environment, and the centre is then asked to come to themselves as well.
This formation has to do with the ongoing wear discussions ahead of the party (1992-2002).
These discussions are conservative, builders and stoning people not to integrate with the centre, but the obligation to stand side by side with the masses.
The party acted with the method I mentioned in 2002, when the masses were politicised, in politics, of maturity.
Take note, then, that the construction of the 3rd bridge is the co-chair of the democratic fight on 15 July.
That means that history and sociology coincide.
To add another dimension to this: the party's move, as mentioned, is not limited to just Istanbul bridges.
One more interesting thing: the party is now integrating the surrounding cities with the central cities.
It through two bridges.
One, on the veterans Bridge.
Two, the bridge of 1915.
Add ways to this.
Turkey, from Thracian to Izmir, will now reach another route.
If you know what this was, Izmir will now be a different city.
Let's get inside the party, let's say, Izmir can no longer take it from the outside.
Now Bursa, now the cities of Thracian, will turn into another five and social geography.
Thanks so much!
15th martyrs are the stars of this great genre.
Fenerbahce Van Persie in the dressing room and cheerful
Fenerbahce continued his training in the morning with preparations for the Grastic games.
Loss of the facilities of coach Vitor Pereira, which began in the hours of training, lasted for a total of 1 hour 30 minutes.
Starting in the hall and after 30 minutes of core training, the players are on the field, and the heating moves 5 to 2 with the ball and bypassing the work.
Training, the narrow field was completed with a pair of fortress matches.
Fenerbahce will resume his training in the evening today.
Notice to the person who is complaining to Gulen...
New developments related to the operation of the Fenerbahce.
"the sports business has raised a name for Fethullah Gulen, a journalist who participated in a programme broadcast on CNN Turk and announced that this operation was done by FETBC."
"a lightning day flight is what this individual is doing next to Fethullah Gulen," he said.
This individual will then transfer these words to Fethullah Gulen.
Why are they paid to him?
The head of the club, who is the most fan of this mentality that could hurt him.
"the match-fixing case was used to liquidate Aziz Yildirim."
This quote was followed by a statement from the key lawyer of the Trial of Faik Light.
The report, published in Light Reports, appeared in the programme and paid tribute to the people who complained to Fethullah Gulen.
Is the words of Faulkner Light:
He says he has something to shield about Fethullah Gulen.
From Azerbaijan, while on private flight.
St Luke is a humorous man, one of the critics of the west, with or without the sentence.
Then the sentence is maybe a little wings.
May react to some of that sentence.
This sentence is grown in one place.
Ultimately, he maintains, so much so that the businessman, like Hac, has to go to the house to be accepted with such tolerance, not the business.
These are what the business says, too severely.
The only problem, of course, is that it isn't.
In the meantime, try a football team.
Is delighted to have direct links to some of the players and managers and the referee...
Muharrem Usta: clothes are different
The head of them, Muharrem Usta, extended the hand of friendship to Fenerbahce.
Noting that Turkey's issue is a matter for all clubs, he said, "79 millions are on the side of this country."
Stick, we should take a stand.
If there was a problem with Fenerbahce, injustice was done to me, I stood behind Fenerbahce.
"but the fixing between them and Fenerbahce is different," he said.
Price prices have been announced
Axed, he said: "as a union, we have established the price of a kilogram of live victims as 18 lira."
"we have also identified the price and price of the live kilogram again at 17 lira, which is what we described as the second class," he said.
The animals, which will not be victims last year, have also been put up for sale, he noted, while citizens are required to pay attention to the victims:
Need to be careful of earrings, especially in animals.
Animals are also very important to be healthy.
Our citizens are victims for this while checking the passports of the animals in their passports.
The external look of the victim is also alive and alive, to be taken on by its members.
In the sky, or of the lack of it, as it might have gone.
Last year there were no victims in the animals that had been put up for sale and sold.
Animals, of which a victim has gone to the age of 2.
Then we can understand the look of the animals in their work.
To fill the age of 2 as the cover of the animals in which we have proved
But the age of the animals, which is smaller, has not come out of this.
The animal is seen as great, but the cover can never be seen.
Cover the teeth are already great because the others are just noticeable.
Entrance to the airport sea
Turkey will be the second airport to be built in Turkey, with a naval base.
Rize Airport will be built on 266 acres between the Village of Brighton and the girls Tower positions on Sunday, 26 to 32 metres from the coast.
Despite the fact that there is more than the depth of the airport constructions, the army - about 3 times more plot material than those used at the airport - will be used.
As part of the project, 36 aircraft can take off and landing at a distance of 45 metres and the 3,000 metres long track will be built with apron.
Rize Airport, which will serve passengers and cargo planes in general, is also expected to serve as a position class D, turbine-class heavy, take off weight of more than 150,000 kilograms of aircraft.
The first phase for the Rize Airport project, which will be put up for tender on 8 September by the Directorate of Maritime Affairs and Communications, will be launched on 8 September, the first phase for the Rize Airport project, the track, apron, belly, police wire sourcing, mapron, PAT sites and environmental lighting.
Some things will cost 600 million roubles.
The infrastructure will then be spending 150 million lira on top building things, covering terminal buildings.
Construction of the airport in 2 years will be completed in 9 months.
8 penny hike to the engine
The fuel distribution companies have made an average of 8 kopecks per litre of diesel fuel, which is valid after midnight.
According to information from the Association of Petroleum Products Manufacturers (PHS), an average of 8 kopecks will increase in price per litre from August 13, 2016.
However, the price of the engine, which is an average of 3.68 lira per litre in Ankara, will rise to 3.76 lira.
The average price of the engine will be 3.63 lira in Istanbul, 3.71 lira in Izmir and 3.74 lira in Izmir.
The prices set by the distribution companies can show small changes to companies and cities, due to competition and serenity.
The fuel distribution companies have raised 4 kopecks per litre from last week's engine.
Is the fate of Gulen in search of football players
The search for a period marked by Turkish football, and the fate of national football players, emerged from the fate of FETBC in 1996.
The footage, which was said to have been filmed in 1996, was one of the football players who listened to the fate of Fetullah Gulen as Hakan Erdem, Mert fearful, Okan Buruk, Arif Erdem, Ismail Demo, Ugur Seeker and Yusuf Tepekule.
In the course of the conversation, Gulen spoke of Galatasaray, saying "we scored 4 goals."
Said Alpaca, also known as the former football imam of FETBC, was quoted in the AMAZONLINE daily as saying "Turkey distributed contributions to the team when it came to the world third in 2002."
Notice, Okan, Hakan, and Arif collected money from this premium.
The money collected was $250,000 or $500,000.
Off this money to Arif Erdem.
"Gulen later clarified his text to Arif."
National football players have joined the fate of Gulen!
Emel Dereli farewell to Rio Grande
Also in 2016, the 2016 Rio Games athletics, representing the women in jumping with the national athlete Emel Dereli, failed to qualify for the qualifier.
In athletics events at the Olympic Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, women ended up with a laugh.
The last European third, Emel Dereli, about 17.01, the second about 16.86 meters, is the third test of invalid shooting.
In the series, 11th overall, the national athlete, who took the 24th place in the finale, said goodbye to the Olympics.
And both the player and the athlete!
Also in the volleyball of the League teams, Galatasaray Daikin, captain Nihan south of the league, extended his contract with the sport, both the player and the manager of the sport.
"the success of a volleyball player, as well as a volleyball player with success at least until his career, is at the heart of his new job as captain Nihan south," the club said in a statement.
The Nihat, who played his first 1st league experience with the Bursaspor jerseys in his career, was later crowned 75-year-old, Besiktas, Foundations of Solar Insurance and Fenerbahce, respectively.
Finally south of the league, last season, the Volleyball Federation (TVF) was awarded the 2016 TBVL Play and its Fair Play awards, organised by the National Olympic Committee.
Volleyball Efforts League teams Galatasaray HDI Insurance's national athlete, Can Ayvazson, will serve as a team manager at the same time as the team in the new season.
"the achievements of Galatasaray at all levels, as well as the sport of sport, are the achievements of the great character, dear Can Ayvazson, who is both player and sport manager for the 2016-2017 season," the club said in a statement.
Table tennis in the final of the China job!
In 2016, the Rio Olympic Games table tennis singles, won the gold medal to the Chinese Long.
The table tennis events, carried out in Riocentro in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, were awarded to singles medals.
Defeated fellow Jike Zhang to 4-0, to which he gained the gold medal.
Zhang was the only men to be content with a silver medal in the third place match, defeating Vladimir Samsonov 4-1 in the Japanese Yun Mizutani bronze medal.
Fiji has won the first gold in the history of
In Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the men were defeated in the match at Deodoro, with Fiji in the final.
Rangers beat Fiji 4-7 to win the gold medal.
The bronze medal in the category, which was simply a silver medal, came from South Africa, which defeated Japan 54-14.
Critical game of the Olympics, the company was
One of our FIFA code-referees will be playing the match at the 2016 Olympics in Brazil vs Brazil in the match.
They will assume their deputy, Bahattin Duran and Tariq Ont.
The fourth judge of the match will be the French Clement.
The match against the Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo will begin at 8: 00 local time.
The winner of the UEFA Ezekiel Reference category is the ninth time in his career, serving in the finals of the international tournament.
Control over 5,000 police in Istanbul!
As part of a law enforcement practice called "Yeditepe Only" in Istanbul, the helicopter backed by 5,000 police in 39 counties is under control.
The Istanbul Police Chief Dr. Mustafa Work co-ordination was launched in the evening throughout the city, covering law enforcement, fighting narcotics, fighting financial crimes, fighting terrorism, smuggling and organised crime, special operations, riot police and traffic teams.
The general Information Targeted for suspected persons (GBT) controls the individuals wanted in the controls, the weapons, the knife, the drug that focuses on the suspects.
Maritime policemen in the towns, which also supported the practice.
The woman was also checked by GBT questioning persons in their ongoing practice at the base station, as well as checked bags and governors.
Traffic checks were also introduced, the police helicopter also backed the air.
Practice will take up to the late hours of learning.
Social media to arrest the coup propaganda!
According to sources familiar with the situation, Isparta police launched a study on the Cybercrime branch of the Directorate of Operations, Gokhan OkArcher, propaganda of the coup attempt by the social media and insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The review showed that Gokhan Archer was the coup attempt and plotters, the coup opponents and the president, who had an insulting share in insulting the teams, were arrested in the operation.
Immediately after the procedures were transferred to the courthouse, Archer was arrested.
Deputy governor of that provinces and was detained in the shift
Shortly after the coup attempt was launched by the interior ministry as part of an administrative investigation launched by the deputy prime minister of the evening, the deputy, Halil Ibrahim Ertekin, was detained by police teams in the evening.
The suspects, with Ertekin, were taken to the safe.
Robert Amsterdam was very telling about the FETURE!
Robert Amsterdam, an official of the Amsterdam & Partners law firm, which is legally investigating the activities of the Fetullahan Terror (FETBC), has written an article in the US magazine Forbes about how to organise FETBC.
"it is quite clear that the organisation of about 150 contracted (charter) schools in the United States will be treated well under the direction of the organisation, which is closely related to how businesses operate in the United States," said Amsterdam Gulen, chief executive of FETBC.
Amsterdam, seven months ago by Turkey, said it was exploring the applicability of affiliated companies and schools, stressing that so far it is "shocking" to qualify.
Amsterdam, commented on the article:
The attendant tells us that the Gulen organization has a strict hierarchy of instructions.
These instructions generally refer to the meetings on the face of Gulen and the Poconos.
Top management group of seven people (in the consultation group).
Instructions to the advisory committee of this group.
The instructions then go to the regional imam, the country's imam, the country's imam, the regional imam, the district's imam, the district's imam, and students' houses (light homes) and students.
Businessmen, bureaucrats and officers are working at different levels, according to their positions and support within the organization.
The organisation has opened 55,000 jobs around the world, the largest contracted school network in the US, covering Amsterdam, where taxpayers paid hundreds of millions of dollars each year from taxes to these schools.
Amsterdam has reported that much of this money is being directed by members of the organisation themselves and transferred to the "elected" subcontractors.
Amsterdam, explained the functioning of this:
Magnolia schools, based in California, are linked to the Goodwood schools and shared the same office the equivalent of the annual service to the company while the $700,000 was captured.
Amsterdam, as another example, showed the Dove Science Academy in Oklahoma.
Amsterdam has also paid an extra $3.1 million to the property owner in this school, as well as controls the school and property owner of the company, the same people affiliated with Gulen, he said.
Noting that there are similar situations in 46 franchises which hold the largest place in the nation, Amsterdam noted that smaller companies linked to FETBC have paid money with items such as software license, curriculum purchase.
"this gave me examples of the abuse of nearly $28 million of American taxpayers," Amsterdam said, underscoring the fact that each other was rich.
"and this is precisely what we have found so far."
As far as something has been done to prevent such incidents, Amsterdam noted that the situation in the language of last time was going to get worse, after all they had been reminded that the Department of Education had begun to investigate irregularities.
Amsterdam, the apparent normal functioning of schools, stressed that many employees had no information of what kind of corruption.
"however, in fact, these schools are working like a snow machine for Gulen."
"Gulen then uses the massive amount of money for political donations in an effort to conceal his lawless activities."
According to the testimony of a former American teacher who worked in these schools, he said some employees in the Gulen schools had meetings separately, describing the transfer of a certain section of their salaries to the organisation. "the members of the Turkish Armed Forces are believed to have worked in similar functioning."
The coup instigators strengthened their positions over the years.
"however, on the surface, the army was collecting power behind a parallel force while doing business in the normal way," he wrote.
Amsterdam, the article said:
The policymakers in the United States have questions of interest in events between July 15 and 16, and this is something that is to be expected.
The two allies, however, have dealt with their diplomatic level, while individual state authorities need to wake up to the swift violation of US laws in Gulen's operations.
22 members of the judiciary in Istanbul!
The judges and prosecutors have learned that 22 of the 648 judges and prosecutors who served in Istanbul were indicted by the Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office (HSYK) on August 10th 2016 and indicted by the Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office for alleged members of the Fethno Terror.
The 648 judges and prosecutors, who were suspended by the Istanbul Republican Prosecutor's Office on 11 August 2016, decided to arrest and search for 648 judges and the prosecutor's office in Istanbul.
45 of the judicial members searched by the prosecutor's office and in the workplace were detained.
22 judicial menus, which cannot be found at the address, are run out.
Some members of the judiciary will be on the hunt for them.
18 of the 45 suspects detained in the prosecutor's office are demanding that they be arrested after their statements were transferred to the Sultans Criminal Division.
Addresses of 22 judges and prosecutors, which cannot be found in the search proceedings.
11 people have been detained in the convoy!
Part of the investigation into the capture of persons who have been given detention is underway.
The Municipality in this context is composed of 4 civil servants and 1 teachers working at the Special Merchandise School and 6 working with the teacher.
The suspects, who were taken to the state hospital for health care, were taken to the hospital.
The ban on the street in Diyarbakir has been removed!
The governor said in a statement that Lice, Silvan and Kulp, which operates mountainous and wooded areas in the north of the city, are seen as ineffective terrorists and business units, including senior organization executives, who have used them for the detection of shelter, shelter and warehouse areas and the operation of the materials.
Silvan's Dolphins and Mountaineers are reported to have ended the ban on the street in the villages of Leské Budějovice, Dalhousie, Temren and Crubridge villages.
The operation of the executive in areas of public safety with the loss of public safety and the provision of provisions relating to the Administration of the 5442 Act, which requires civil citizens to be harmed, was announced starting at 9: 00 a.m. today, starting at 8: 00 pm.
Statement, for ensuring the safety of lives and goods that were introduced to the citizens.
A passenger bus has been taken over in Skopje!
According to the information, Harem Blue, owned by a bus company, says the 34 ZP 5568 license-powered passenger bus was toppled out of control due to rain.
The tip was transferred to police, health and fire crews at the scene.
Inside the motorway passengers were removed from the vehicle as a result of the work of the fire brigade.
One of the 3 passengers injured in the incident was taken by ambulance to Number One Education and Research Hospital.
The road was closed due to the accident, removing the damaged vehicle.
Staff in charge of Colonel FEE were arrested!
Staff Colonel Ozkan Zafer Caglayan was arrested and detained in Ankara, where he decided to catch up on the operation against the Fetullahan Terror / Parallel State Restructuring (FETBC / PDY).
The Izmir republic's acting prosecutor, Okan Bato, was arrested in Ankara on suspicion of being part of the second leg of the investigation, which was conducted for "FETARY / PURY" within the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK).
The Izmir Police Directorate was transferred to the courthouse after the proceedings in the branch of the Organised Crime Syndicate.
Meanwhile, after the prosecution's testimony, he was arrested at the Moderna Museet, where he was arrested on charges of "being a member of a terrorist group" and "operating on behalf of the organization."
Ceausescu to announce the resignation of Zekerija
"right now, this information is not accurate," he said, referring to the claims of Zekeriya Oz and Fair orphans in Georgia.
But different notifications are coming.
Seen all of them.
Close contact with the Georgian authorities.
"any details, information, report meticulously," he said.
Asked about the suspicion that they could be in Georgia, Ceausoglu said, "Zekeriya Oz fled to Georgia earlier."
Customs clearance was detected in the cameras.
Knowledge of where to go.
With every information coming to us not only for these two, we examine every information on the other run, followed by the following.
If they are going to run, we will see traces of their escape. "
"they assessed bilateral issues."
Turkey has a lot of issues between Iran.
Political, commercial, transportation, energy, our common fight against terrorism.
Regional issues.
Syria, especially Syria, Iraq, Yemen, the Gulf Region.
Solving the problems in the geography we live in and Iran play an important role.
Relying on many issues.
With Syria's territorial integrity, border integrity, and the clearing of DAI and other terrorist organizations in Syria, we have both ideas on a lot of issues, such as that of an inclusive government.
Different ideas on Assad.
But we will continue to speak to them as always.
Ceasefire, we are relying on the issues to continue the Geneva negotiations.
I don't mean as long as there is actually a union of opinion on the matter.
The important thing is to get results, "he said.
Asked whether Turkish planes would participate in operations in Syria, Causson replied, "We were going to Moscow on this issue."
"the aim of our course is to establish these mechanisms, in particular, what steps would be taken in the fight against DADT and any incidents that have to be taken in a coordinated way to prevent the crash," he said.
"Iran and Turkey are two brotherly countries."
Unless the decision is gone, let us do this on our own.
I had a bit of a peek.
No one to whom we should be able to make these deals.
"gas reduction, our demands on prices," he said.
Asked about the departure of Gulen from America on his return to America, Causson replied, "I will be a delegation from America in the 22nd."
Meetings will take place on August 23 and 24.
The Justice Department is preparing the file.
Would not be ready to file until after future visits from the US.
"we went to Washington, together with the Justice Minister, and we will deliver both files and we will discuss," he said.
Top that was captured in Istanbul!
A senior manager of the terrorist group PKK was arrested in a successful operation in Istanbul.
The Istanbul Police Directorate is a Rakip Associate in Istanbul, named Cigerhun in the 'grey list', which is among the top managers of the organisation and subsequently awarded 300,000 lira awards.
As a result of the operation carried out by the Istanbul Anti-Terrorism Directorate teams, Rakip Associate, a Rakip Associate, was questioned at the Directorate of Counter Terrorism in Vatan.
As of July 9, the key figure of the terrorist group, Bahoz Erdal, was killed in an assassination in Syria by the Tel Hamis Brigade.
Iranian foreign minister in parliament!
Causson, with his counterpart, Zarif.
Causson and Zarif had been looking at the damage from Sheref Holyoke before, then the prime office doubled, reviewed the damage.
Shortly after the visit, he said:
The streets of the Turkish people, and the will of the people is superior to all forces once again.
The Islamic Republic has condemned the coup attempt starting in the first hours of the coup attempt, the same way it has been on the side of the Turkish people and government, and has always been the case.
Since my visit to Parliament today, we are on the side of the people, and that is a symbol of our side of democracy.
13 people were caught fleeing with family boots
The seaside security crews, who were on patrol at the seaman's strait, opened fire on the illegal immigrant group that opened the sea to escape Greece's Midland Island in the morning.
Determine the identity of the 13 fugitives from the same family.
The head of the family, Seydo Ali Ahmet, said his wife and 11 children were in Germany with the other son to go to this path.
The organisers told the man $700 and before Greece, then they want to go to Germany, said Seydo Ali Ahmet, in the city of Shengal, and because they were crushed and killed by the soldiers, they fled to Turkey.
He had a family of companies that belonged to them in Iraq, and he knew English, Spanish, Arabic and French, who said he knew of the arrival of illegal immigrants to the region, the only wishes of his son in Germany to go to him.
Fill the tone of the bride car
The couple, who were at the wedding, attracted great attention by a different convoy of traditional wedding convoys.
At the car with the convoy of cars, the bride is choosing the tone of the car as a bride.
The perception team came from behind the wedding convoy with about 10 horse cars, which attracted great attention of citizens.
After the discovery, the convoy drove round the city center, and later went to the wedding house.
The bomber was captured by drunk
According to sources, the wife of Mehmet Ali, 41, left the house, along with her child, due to severe defections about 9 months ago.
The unemployed Mehmet Ali., meanwhile, yesterday evening, went into his own and went inside, filling the nail and mayhem, backed by a homemade bomb, with his wife in the house in the neighbourhood of the nation.
Shouting threats at a time here, Mehmet Ali was placed at the front of the house by a bomb.
After the explosion, residents of the surrounding area suffered great fear and panic, went inside the explosive device and hit a lot of the house's windows, damaged by the damage.
After the incident, Mehmet Ali, who fled after the incident, was found in a black dress in the neighbourhood of Yavuzelim neighbourhood and searched for citizens suspected of carrying a backpack.
Who followed him, who had panicked the County Research Bureau, began to flee.
The suspect was entered into a house on the street.
With the news of the children, the police took the house with long decent weapons.
Surrendered the suspect, who could not escape.
Ali was summoned to the bomb disposal specialist for his bag.
The bag has plummeted from materials such as gas, toys, mayhem, broadband, thora, and nail.
Ali was taken to the police headquarters, with inquiries to the case.
Launch of the Campaign for the deaths of the victims of the
Meanwhile, Kizaj, acting in accordance with his goal of acting as a victim of the campaign, voices the slogan "It takes a lifetime of prayer" in this year's holiday.
"the victims have been transformed into canvases, in line with their goal," said Dr. Kerem Kizik, President of the Red Cross.
"the sacrifice is distributed to the healthy need owners throughout the year," he said.
The deaths of the victim, 740 lira abroad, is 47lira.
Deaths in the traditional making and the ninth edition of my prayer campaign continue this year.
While the world and our country are not alone, the deaths will bring hundreds of thousands of diesel to the table, thanks to the campaign's fine and canonical sacrifice.
"the prayer and joy of prayer are being transformed into a great mobilisation for the entire world," said Dr. Kerem Kabila, leader of the victims' prayer campaign to the press.
"thanks to this method, the victims can be consumed by their owners in a healthy way throughout the year," he said.
According to Islamic procedures, they will be able to easily fulfill their prayer, goal and rule, thanks to the deaths of fans and donors, according to Islamic procedures.
Thanks to this modern model, the victims chosen by their veterinarian, Et and Milk, will be cut off on the first three days of prayer, by reading the names of the owners of the institution according to Islamic procedures in modern combination.
The areas will be carried out in accordance with the Islamic conditions, the clergy, the veterinarian and the notary.
Proceeds from the sale will be made available to the victims, and will be placed on the 800 weighing tin boxes.
Lading canals will be distributed to the owners during the year through the branches.
After the period of the victims, each of the deputies will send a certificate of euthanasia to the owner, along with a gift certificate describing the canning and process.
While acting in 30 countries does not cross the border for the sake of the Red Crescent, the victim will be brought to the poor around the world this year, as is the case every year.
This year the organisation of the victims will be carried out in about 30 countries, said Dr. Kabila, noting that the bout will be held in 7, Africa, 11, South Asia and the Middle East and 4 countries in the Middle East.
"they foresee a 50 per cent increase in home activities this year compared to last year, and wages for our citizens, which will give the Turkish Red Crescent, are 740lira abroad."
In Et and milk, we are aiming for a combination of 5.
Throughout these parts, and fulfilling the necessary Islamic requirements, we carry out the procedures proposed by the Religious Right.
"we will make their sacrifice and we will have 18 months to have the dinner table."
Representatives of the 168 call centres are citizens who wish to live the peace of reaching the true owners of the 7 / 24 Baggage grant accounts; the deaths of the banks, the deaths of the Turkish Red Crescent branch, the PTT branch, the PTT branch, 168 free call centre and www.kizilay.org.
The driver, who will carry out the credit card through his credit card, may also take advantage of the credit.
Our citizens outside of the home who wish to give their deaths will be able to pay online by using the donation menu via the Kizaj internet page.
You will also be able to pay the price for acting with the international credit card, where the 0090 312 telescope is called a free advisory and donor line.
Our citizens will also be able to pay the price for the victims acting in Germany's Ziraat Bank account number.
Placing the corpse of the groom in
The incident took place at the residence of the women of today, in the neighbourhood of the resort.
According to the allegations, Huseyin Ayhan, who filed a mutual divorce a week ago, went alongside his wife Fatma Aka, who was at his father's home to talk.
After a period of discussion with those of her home, Hussein Aka opened fire on his wife, Fatma Ayhan, who brought her with guns, and her father, Ibrahim Aka, and her father, Heaven Aka.
The remaining Fatma Ayhan and her father, Hacienda Ibrahim Aka, lost their lives at the scene, while her mother, Heaven Aka, was taken to the Women's Hospital.
The gendarmerie began working for the capture of Hussein Ayhan, who fled the car after the incident.
Hussein Ayhan, from which he learned of the sentence.
Ayhan's farm is between 13 and 10 years old and 1 of the girls are two children, the statement said.
The accident at the Sultan Bridge
According to sources, the incident occurred at 14.00 pm at the entrance to the Sultan Mehmed Bridge in Ankara.
The 34 PK 060 plates, run by Abdullah Shouver, hit the back of the truck with 16 VK 077 plates.
He crashed into his hands at the scene of the accident, the driver said.
The tip of the citizens who were injured in the incident was transferred to firefighters, police and health crews.
The fire brigade arrived at the scene to rescue the drivers from where they had been working hard.
Fire crews were burned at the moment during the work, which was seen as howling in pain.
As a result of the intense work, the woman was rescued from the ambulance and moved to the ambulance and the square was taken to the Education and Research Hospital.
The road, which was closed due to the traffic congestion.
With the removal of vehicles, the traffic has returned to normal.
Crashed into the car with his two children, who "did not rent the seat" he carried
The accident occurred around the village of Kahta-Rector on the previous day.
The L.K. administration has 34 KS 6809 plates with the car, and is driven by the (14) bicycle hit.
As a result of the combat, he was found in the bike and was seriously injured (13).
The driver of the car, injured children were not renting seats in the car, he added, to the luggage of the emergency health of the village of Narinje.
The injured two children were then transferred to the state hospital on Kahta.
The injured Hussein is fighting for his life in intensive care.
When the children were not renting the seats he carried in the baggage
"we will go to visit with friends," Mustafa said, explaining the incident.
Our items.
But at the village, was the visit of the car that hit us near the traffic there.
Hit by the impact of the storm.
The driver first took my friends and luggage.
Then take me in and put the car in the luggage of my friends.
Luggage while my wallet was left between the door.
Shouting at me.
I heard the driver who was knocked out of baggage again.
I am in the recovery of my hands.
Baggage of the gates again close to us and the village of Narcous.
"and then the ambulances arrived at the Kahta State Hospital with us," he said.
When the injured children were not the first to complain about the family, the driver complained that the children had brought in baggage.
The injured child's grandfather is Mustafa. "I'm on Rivera when it comes to win."
I phoned me on the phone and learned that my nephew had been killed in the accident.
Rivera immediately went to the state hospital.
Ago, my nephew.
15 minutes later, they made my grandchildren.
Commander of the Gerger Station.
Informants complained, he said.
I would be everywhere in the accident.
Not complain about the entries.
I then go to my nephew and look at the car on my grandchildren.
Baggage in a lot of blood.
Then we learned that after the children were hit by both the injured car and brought it to the hospital.
I have my nephew in a row to put my grandchildren on baggage.
Guys also says that I have not put my luggage on me.
But the rear of the car is tipped off.
"there is no such thing," he said.
"the driver, the driver of the Narinje Village, was brought here to the wounded."
Children, namely, the luggage of the car.
"the animal has done what they need to do," he said.
Asked the uncle of the injured, he said, "This is how a man hit the children, how are you?"
Accident may be, the human presumed to die.
Injured it and take him to hospital in the luggage of his car.
We are followers of the end of this job.
With one of these children in death.
Others the situation is severe.
Narcotics from Kahta bring the wounded in the luggage of the car.
To the scourge of God.
With or without such a wild event.
Raging in our lungs.
Plaintiffs, and we will not abandon that job.
"we want to punish the person in a harshest manner," he said.
Built on its own
The famous architect Rickard has spent the last 8 years of his life in the construction of an ecological paradise.
He built on using 150,000 plastic bottles of his own in this field of life, two years before he met on Facebook with his old model Jodi Bowlin.
Richart's island is full of air full of plastic bottles, from wood, and from the sand.
Two storey home; 2 bathrooms, a jet, 3 shower, a kitchen and wireless internet connection.
Around the island, there are palm trees, mangroves, fruit trees, renovating other plants, herbs.
With a 30 foot lining attached to the shore, this cordoned off with the help of electricity, water, and the internet itself.
"I have a lot of vegetables that can be lost on the island," he said.
I need to go to nearby minor brands to reach other food.
"once again, from my plastic bottles, I have a salad of 8," he said.
Company has announced the stronger model before the sale of iOS 7!
Samsung has officially approved the last day of the Samsung Galaxy Nexus's 6GB Ram and the 128GB memory model.
Samsung launched the new top level smart phone earlier this month at the time of the Galaxy Nexus 7.
Ambitious feature, the Galaxy Nexus, which has, in fact, was expected with 6GB Ram but was promoted as 4GB Ram.
Exceeding expectations with the first preliminary order figures, the Galaxy Nexus will also be available in the 6GB Ram model, which is apparently expected.
Speaking at a press event in the South Korean capital, Seoul, last day, Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-jin officially announced that they plan to release 6GB Ram and a 128GB memory company to the market.
The Korea Herald reports, on the other hand, that the Galaxy Nexus will be the first phase of this 6GB Ram and the 128GB memory model will only be exclusive to China.
This special model for sale in other areas is not planned for the moment.
With the new Yamaha Tracer 700 and new routes!
Enjoyment will not be forgotten and will not be forgotten by a trip to the memory of the candidate Tracer 700 and make the trip to the environment close to the weekend, whether it is long or round the continents...
The biker driver minimizes all the difficult conditions of the long roads for the new Yamaha Tracer 700, design and technical sense at hand, while the users experience the emotional and season driving experience of a full long road vehicle...
To explore another world, save new and memorable memories and enjoy the fun of each virus in the interest of a motorcycle across Europe.
To unlock the doors of this free world, we are seeking to expand the horizons and the growing number of motorbike enthusiasts every day in the sport of Sport, the series of costly, accessible and exciting models.
Addiction created the new Yamaha Tracer 700, which was developed from the highly successful MT-07 platform.
With the current Sport, the series has strengthened and revived the model, developed by the new generation of motorbike enthusiasts with intense interest in the sport.
Combining the bold and original design with many impressive features of the new Tracer 700, the superior road, the ease, the fast and the fun structure, comfortable driving joy with the design and functionality of Sport, the image of the class carries a high level.
The medium coin Sport, which is in the segment and provides a miraculous performance with standard feature Tracer 700, remains the major success of this segment.
With the sports focused, long-distance performance, dynamic and interesting outlook for the new Tracer 700, Sport Tourer category is launching an exciting new era.
Very sophisticated Tracer 700, in terms of thork engine and riot gear, is ready to overcome every situation.
This new sport has several features that reveal the potential of the actual Touring motorcycle with the addition of special improvements to the motorbike, shasi and suites.
With the fuel saving, 689p, with a double delete engine with a high capacity of 17 litres of fuel, Tracer 700 is able to drive long distance between the gas stations.
The new Tracer 700 compact and light semiconductor was developed from the MT-07 platform, which is highly rated.
The manufacturer of this minimalist design quickly gained a reputation thanks to riot driving and rapid response.
196 kg, the leader of the class, is ready to excite the driver in every turn.
Also, various original Yamaha accessories are added to a serious long distance, which can be turned into a motorcycle.
The design turns out to be more attractive, while the alternatives are Red, Tech Black, Yamaha Blue...
Relish the excitement of providing a return to the market for this new model, connecting the users more to the roads.
With the credibility of August will go on sale in Turkey with the new Tracer 700 or the Mediterranean, the Black Sea virus, the road to the mountains, or the adventure and adrenaline of Africa in the course of the new excitement.
Hakan, and his father confiscated assets of 200 million
The Sakarya Republican Prosecutor's Office has decided to arrest the father of Sakarya Sakarya, who is contracting in Sakarya, as part of a FETBC investigation.
United States Hakan Shukla, who is married to his father, is owned by the saint and searched in houses.
Selection is found in spite of the search for Phuket.
The police moved on to report that there were worshipers at the Salko mosque, which is located in Selly Sakarya Street.
Arriving at the mosque, the teams waited for a prayer.
Each day after the end of the prayer, the policemen raised their hands.
A warrant was issued for the arrest of the man who was breaking into the police car.
The sky is taken by the car with his father being taken by the police to follow the vehicle.
The Sakarya republic's Prosecutor's Office has established financial support for Hakan Shukur and his father, Selmet Shukur.
In examining the application of the prosecutor's office, the director of the Criminal Division, Hakan Shukur, and his father, Selmet Gratitude, decided to confiscate all kinds of rights and assets in property, land transport vehicles, bank or other financial institutions, rental tape available, and other assets.
The court's decision was notified in the day to land managers, the chief of police, and tax offices.
The first study by Hakan Shukur and his father, Selly Shukur, set out their gross securities.
Hakan Shukov and his father, Sakarya, Antalya, Bodrum, Istanbul Bakir village, Besiktas, Besiktas, Buyukanit and Sapa, have been identified in the building.
In Phuket, Sakarya has commissioned luxury villas on 10 acres of land in the town of Serdivan.
In Phuket, at the centre of the city, in the city centre, the finance ministry tax audit of the Sakarya group was shut down by tax inspectors in a classes closed by the investigation.
Hakan and his father, Selmet Shukur, said the value of all assets is around 200 million lira.
Resident police chief resident was arrested in the
Ahmet Duran Bitmez, 3rd grade Police Chief of the Batman Administration, was suspended as part of an investigation into the coup d'état of FETBC.
Issued in the decision to catch up on the set of Bitch.
The study by the teams of the police was found to have escaped the resident of the city.
As soon as the two countries were caught up in the joint operation conducted by security forces.
Introduced to the Chicken, Batman was detained.
As soon as possible, the safe procedures were then transferred to the courthouse.
Suspected security forces have fled to the north of Iraq to join the terrorist group PKK camps.
Paying attention to the habit of children
Dr. Bilgin, a professor of dentistry at the Faculty of Medicine, said that children have been relieved with these sanitation by making it a need to emulate the children from their first age.
"it is an event that occurs in children from birth to 4 years old, starting from birth."
Of most of the babies.
The need to satisfy the need for emulsion of the finger EMEN child after the age of 1 to 1.5 is not for the mother to rectify and to be relieved of the finger.
"it can be found in the behaviour of white-collar workers when the moment is left, when there is a blanket, and when there is a blanket," he said.
Stressing the importance of fingerprinting behaviour on the basis of child-child relations and the lack of confidence in the children's relationship, Dogan stressed that the effects of this behaviour on dental health are:
Fingerprint behaviour has a negative impact in shaping the child's dental structure.
As a result of the press that arose during the embankment, they were pushed forward, while in the bottom, they pushed back.
This leads to the position behind the lower jaw, the groom, and the balance of the dental structure.
Physical reflection of this is the reflection of speech disorder and the closure of the aesthetics would be in poor sight.
It should be noted that, during the ages of 6 and 7, if there were no early solution, there could be a much more complicated treatment process, "said Dogan.
"for this reason, children today must be kept under control in the structure of the eye and hearing controls," he concluded.
Close to the treatment of the new one: the phoenix,
After treatment, patients naturally like to use glasses.
To solve this problem in our patients, they have long been very focused on the makers that are already in use.
With the use of the last of the trifling makers, the success of treatment in this area is one step further.
The difference from the other makers of the Trifours is the ability to provide a clear view not only from the distance or close distance, but also in the distances described above.
Distant, close or intermediate distance from the treatment of disorders
Seeing the culprit in the distance, it represents a point we use very often in our daily lives.
As an example, the cars are holding indicator panels, holding our computers, or 60-70 cm, as we define the distance from the distance.
Trips are also correct in the distance, thanks to the fact that our patients do not notice close or distant difference in any way they need to use the glasses.
Tribulation is another advantage provided by the authorities to reduce the complaints of the night.
"there is no difference from the normal floor treatments for the treatment of phoenix, which is applied for both distance views."
Triphoid treatment is applied to our patients with a procedure of 7 to 10 minutes to comfortably tolerate health.
And the next day, our patients can return to their normal life.
More specifically, the use of computers, which is more than the use of computers, and a more active life for people who love to raise the quality of life from an operation.
You also have to fill the age of 18 which can be applied to each patient to learn whether this procedure is suitable for your eye diseases specialists.
These sausages are not used in vascular heart surgery!
Puberty is a disease that has increased in frequency in recent years.
Genetic convergence is the priority factor; long working hours, standing for a long time to come to a halt, and the ability of long-time residence to increase.
Hormones used in heart surgery?
If there is a heart attack in the name, what is the solution to such questions as often by people.
Is the answers to these questions.
On the legs, there are two types of vascular system:
1.To be dirty is the lining of the lungs which led to the lungs and leg, which is the main cause of the deep topvascular system.
These are, in our deep philosophy, and take their name from the surface.
Since the problems in this topography are more rare, the disease cannot be closed, and this travesty is applied to medication treatments.
Lying on the legs is dirty, which leads to the lungs and is in combination with the deep topvascular system, which we say is the superficial topvascular system.
This system is composed of two large and two small SAFETY amino acids.
This is the fourth in the cerebral cortex, and it can develop.
These surgeries, which can be used in heart surgeries, are the major SAFETY of the superficial topography.
In the absence of these amino acids, there is no damage to the body and can therefore be used in heart surgery.
However, they can be used in the heart surgeries so that the groom needs to be healthy.
Heart, because it is a very important body.
These are taken with the surgery of the teeth or lasers left on the ground, burning deep in the intestines, reducing the workload and the healthier the leg.
Among the public, there is a misbelief that sausages can be used as spare parts, though.
These sausages have never been and never used in heart surgery!
Other gigs that can be used in the surgery.
Of spare vascular systems that can be used in surgery; under the breast, around the head, and in the arm.
So you have to wait for the sausages to use for the heart and to worry about this.
Under the patronage of Dr. René
Meaningful message prior to the announcement of the Super
The head of the Galatasaray Sports Club has issued a statement ahead of the Super Cup Finals match between Galatasaray and Besiktas.
During that moment you have to draw attention to the unity and draw of Turkish football in that words:
Galatasaray and Besiktas, two established and two plumbers of Turkish sports, will face the Super Cup at the Konya metropolitan Torku Arena on Saturday evening (August 13th).
This game is neither the first, nor the last game in the competition, which has left a team of two Charges behind.
But the timing is a very vital match.
Also, as we all know, our country was a big hit on the night of July 15.
The coup attempt by the Fetullahan Terror / Parallel State Restructuring / Parallel State Restructuring (FETBC / PFDI) has been transformed, thanks to the unity and draw of all segments of society.
That night as a nation, we were paying heavy costs.
Martyrs.
I have a great number of veterans.
This bitter price has once again reminded us of the virtue of democracy, not the quarrels of these lands, and of the necessity of peace.
The representatives of the Turkish sport that night also objected to the coup as the only voice, the single heart; all along the side of democracy.
Previously, in these critical days of sport, we need more than ever.
Our precious opponent of the genius of our beloved President, Suleiman Vega, died on the 2nd anniversary of the new football season, which was named after the captain of our club Turbo, who just before the start of the new football season, I wish this match to be an initial match of love and peace in the Turkish sport.
And Besiktas fans will share half the match in front of the stands at the end of the match, regardless of what the winner will be in our country and the sport.
Compilation of the 39th appointment - sports reporters
The sports Toto Super Cup and Ziraat Turkey Cup champions Turkey's Turkcell Super Cup match Besiktas and Galatasaray will compete for the biggest this season in Konya at 20.45 tomorrow.
Besiktas and Galatasaray face 92 years of rivalry and 338 times so far in friendship.
Some 120 times in these matches, they have won the yellow, while the black stripes have defeated its rival 107 times.
111 match, while opponents are unable to win over each other.
In these matches, Galatasaray scored 477 goals, amounting to 444 goals.
The first of the Super Cup adventures, which began at Commerzbank Arena on 30 July 2006, started between Besiktas and Galatasaray.
This match in the black, and in the 60th minute Mert received the score with the goal of the cup museum.
10 years in the history of the Super Cup trophy in the year 2011.
The remaining 9 years, with the most in the final 6 times.
These games are yellow, 4 times the success of the games to the museum.
Besiktas played the final 3 times and took the cup 1 time.
Card in the "flower" crisis - sports reporters
The coach of Shenyang, one of the help coaches of the sun, was not out of the loop yesterday.
Management in case the flower did not like the salary increase made to him, and because of that, he did not attend.
The administration has been waiting for the attitude of the Shenandoah sun to intervene in the case, the statement said.
Mario Gomez dreams have been destroyed!
Fiorentina Athletic Director, Pataleo Corvino, scored the players, Mario Gomez and my father, about the pain.
"we will not send you the bonds of Gomez and Babacar."
Work in order to generate revenue.
Aim at least 15 million euros from the sale of the two players.
"however, it will not be easy," he said.
Nowadays, the popular film
One of Hollywood's most important film series, Ocean's will again be in front of the audience with popular figures.
The new people in the series have joined the staff of the world-renowned Olympian singer, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Spelling and Helena Bohaka Carter, and her names will be announced in the coming days, while Sandra Bullock and Kate Blanchett will be featured in the movie.
Filming begins 2 months after the shooting
The filming of the film is scheduled to begin in New York in October with a cast of female players from Ocean's Eleven.
The film will be produced by Steven Sodenbergh, who also identified the previous films of the series, while the director, along with Olivia Milch, will sit down with Gary Ross.
Underlined, while SCOT Callum Skinner flew home
The Great Britain Team trio retained their title from London 2012, while Kerr was on the race track to victory last night in the men's race.
Glasgowicz, 23, took the lead in the race, namely, a Chris Hoy, who took the lead, and this young, appreciated New Zealand clothes returned home with the triumph of this legend.
The four-year event, which won five of Hoy's six Olympic gold, was a shock.
And Hoy had retired but reiterated it after finishing sixth in the world championship in London in March.
The problem between Beijing and London was that the expert's initial player, Jamie, was not changed.
Exactly Hindes made it out at the moment.
Hoy's retirement was also a vacuum, as Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill up.
SCOT has previously seen the potential of aggressiveness, and British coaches have not abandoned Skinner.
The champion, along with Hoy four years ago, is the champion, Kenny and Skinner have broken the Olympic record in the first round, though New Zealand set this record again.
And British trio, duel for gold.
Hindes were a bit behind in their own round, but Kenny brought the team forward, and Skinner was on it.
Hindes are using a larger tool that will slow him down and keep up with Kenny in particular, which is a big part of the transformation that was the change in this strategy.
Hoy watched them from the BBC as the expert commentator, and when they were on the podium, he ran afoul of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes in his eyes.
Skinner, 23, said: "this is an honour comparison."
I just want to give my best and I'm here to announce the step.
Then we beat the Olympic record and beat the world championships.
This is really unbelievable.
There's no better way to do this.
Hindes has admitted that he deliberately dropped the track after winning a victory with Kenny and Hoy in London 2012.
I later responded to this subject and did not have a method of making a request to the competitors.
This time around, there was no such problem for an incredible victory.
Hindes said: "we are like London, along with all the flags of Great Britain.
Founded just three months ago, we have a backup.
I lost a lot of world race for this reason, having won the Olympics again is a really incredible feeling.
This is just one event for a nation that has won seven of the 10 races in both Beijing and London, a medal.
This is the measure of progress we have shown in the last five months, five more days ahead of us successfully on the race track.
Kenny's stance, namely, shows that Hoy's dream of winning three gold medals in a single Olympics is not too impossible.
This is exactly what Hoy is younger than 12 years of age, and he is also a 23-year-old (who was born March 23 at the same time as Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister, a sports past sacred history) desire for six gold medals and a silver medal.
This means the same level with Hoy.
Kenny, after that, will be the sprint race; the race will begin today and last for three days.
Bolton, 28, said: "for the time being, I just enjoy it.
Team events are all the best events.
You can win together with your friends.
To be honest, when you win alone, people feel alone.
Hindes said: "if he wins two more gold medals, he should be given the title of Knight."
This is only the event of this Sunday medal but there is a lot of good news for Britain.
Veteran Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull have finished first in the rankings for the four-year team race.
Track finished at 3: 51,943.
London set the world record for the winner of the gold medal in 2012 at 3: 51.59.
The first round and final (22: 42) will be determined in the second part today, and Wiggins will draw all the attention.
Before the round of rounds yesterday, officials called him to gauge the paint was a dispute with the officials.
The women's event, which runs tomorrow and will be completed, will be attended by the respective women at the event, Laura Trott, Joanna BAND, Elinor Barker and Milngavie from Katie Architecture 4: 13,260 for the world record.
The great Britain Team is counting on the strong bike team to take over the reins during the middle period of the Olympic Games and win many medals.
After major dominance in Beijing and London, expectations in Rio have been reduced.
In the background, there have been many bad developments involving retired coach Shane Sutton's resignation in April due to accusations of gender and tyranny, including the resignation of key figures such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
The track races on the track, however, show that the first night of the Great Recession is the perfect time to finish the epic credibility that can be proven at this time.
With the cancellation of the energy contract to Portland, the future of the suspected
The future of the Portland aluminium trace network in Victoria and the work of hundreds of workers fell into uncertainty following the expiration of a supply contract for one of the facility owners, which would lead to the cancellation of all supply contracts for the energy company that provides energy to the facility.
The move comes after a decision by the Victoria government earlier this year to grant subsidies to continue working at the facility.
20 years of fixed subsidies expires in November.
Alcoa in Portland may be at risk of business up to 2000.
Without any closure, up to 2000 jobs may be directly or indirectly at risk.
And there may also be additional chain effects that consume about 10 per cent of the entire electricity consumed by the network Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa Point Henry closed the stove, and this led to the closure of the Anglefield power plant last year.
Alcoa's Portland facility is losing money and is facing a risk of closure.
These developments have proved to be the result of a few years of speculation over the future of the facility, initially based on the strength of the Australian dollar and the introduction of the facility's consumption fee.
Loy Yang, a Loy Yang of the Loy Yang A power plant located in the Valley of Latakia, said he expects the other three owners to take action to terminate their contracts.
The vast majority of the facility is owned by Alcoa and Alumina's joint venture, and China's CITIC, Japan, also has smaller shares of Marubeni Corp companies.
"the AGL expects to continue to work at the Portland facility; this means that there will continue to be a demand for physical electricity," he said.
AGL has said it is "balancing risk balancing contracts" that are supposed to take effect from November 2016.
The contracts are for a period of 12 months and will be completed in 2017.
"for this reason, AGL will continue to wait for the contracts to contribute to the fiscal year 2017," the energy company said.
The effects of AGL's exposure on the 2018 Fiscal Year and its aftermath may be limited to the current situation, with a strong term contract stance for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said the value of contracts in the accounts due to "bastards" had already fallen by as much as $187 million.
The decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect the ability of Alcoa to provide electricity supplies to the business or to the network," Alcoa said.
The U.S. government signed a 20 year contract in 2010; this contract was supposed to come into force in November this year but has yet to pull out of this contract.
The analysts remain vigilant about the possibility of closure due to economic woes in the sector, both in Victoria's Portland and Newcastle area and near Newcastle.
In response to the analysis earlier this week, AGL's operations chief, Stephen Mikkels, said Portland had used about 600 megawatts of energy each year, the equivalent of 900 megawatts.
If both of these facilities are withdrawn from the market, the demand for the [electricity] market will be significantly lower.
And as a producer, this is no good development for us, "he said.
Not only is he the star of the TV programme; himself, Vogue cover the number of September
She is the fourth daughter of the model and executive mother Kris Jenner (20), who is the fourth daughter of the group that looks forward to the US Vogue cover of September.
A Estee Lauder brand ambassador, and Milan, who were somewhat showing up in the fashion weeks of Paris and New York, announced this on his Twitter account on Thursday.
Himself in a room full of people with whom I Love "wrote the stuff on this cover.
After the gates were announced, it was strange (or just keeping Keeper Up with everyone's favourite show) that Rob and Caitlyn, who had troubles at the bar, released a reality video of the scenario; the video girl's brothers forgot to cover the door; in fact, they were preparing a surprise party.
Although this is almost all child television programmes with the stereotypes of every "birthday" section (see Seacrest at 8 in the morning, with sincerity in a cartoon), Kris is not included in this promotion by other girls in a way.
But with this development in the number of September, we are entering a new era of Kim Kardashian.
Himself, the sister of Kim, may have been past it on the cover of Vogue (the cover was shared with his wife Kanye West in April 2014) but the magazine was a success in itself on the cover of the network.
Vogue in September, the number selling for most of the year.
With the thickness of many coffee desk books from a fashion magazine, this number attracted the attention of many advertisers (Fashionista, last year's 832 pages of editing, found that there was advertising content in 615).
The cover stars are also a closely monitored process; the last two years have been leaked ahead of the official announcement of the magazine.
Among the women who had previously been included in the cover, is Linda, and said to her.
In recent years, there have been a lot of celebrities who have been "models" of the cover, too.
Oscar-winning Dior envoy Jennifer Lawrence took part in the cover in 2013, the next year, in honour of this honour, Lady Gaga.
But even if the magazine is described as the "paranormal model" of the generation by Mrs Jenn, even in the case of the previous category, it is pretty good.
These celebrities are not the young people of today who know how to draw the famous persons relative or reality show stars or the good Snapline video of today's young people (the reality is not all of them).
All of them are legitimate talent, women who come forward in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the cover of last year, had one of the best times of her career with the exit of Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is happy with Jenson's success.
But due to the history of the show, Jenson's position in the fashion world will always be disturbing.
In June, the original Victoria's bore model, Saga Seymour, criticised Jenn and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "their time."
Jenny reports that the cover of Vogue will appear on the surface again this thought.
But the focus on satisfaction seems to be unfounded.
Themselves, Jenn was on the cover of the September numbers.
He is truly a super model.
Marc Jacobson himself to the show.
You are ignoring the Estee Lauder fund.
He himself, along with his sisters, sells pictures of their own on the walls of practice.
Nude photos of Cindy Crawford sells nude photos of her daughter to the magazine.
And empty times, perhaps only to see his brother Kourtney and their children in reality shows on television.
Social legal support centres of 300,000 people each year to reverse the
As the industry prepares for the impact of more funding cuts in operations, the already forced operations of over 165,000 people from the most protected areas of the nation have turned to social legal support centres.
The three out of five people in Disneyland (mostly the elderly, migrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence, and those who will struggle with unfair eviction decisions are those who are not the source and are seeking representation) free legal advice and representation.
Opportunities for social legal support services, which have been exhausted, are set to be interrupted more.
Starting in June of next year, these legal support centres are scheduled to be deprived of more than 30 percent of federal funding.
James Farrel, director of the Centre for Social Legal Support, reported that thousands of people have been turned away every year in the latest numbers of the National Union of Social Legal Support Centres.
Mr Farrel testified that if the federal government decision was not taken back, the situation would be much worse.
He himself said, "Disneyland's social legal support centres have a chronic lack of financial support, which means that thousands of people are unable to access vital services that are needed."
With the violent ties involved, the management of power and the people who struggle with the forces on the left, families in the process of secession, and workers who have been laid off in unfair ways... all of them encounter problems with the legal dimensions and cannot reach their needed help, according to this report.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent starting in June 2017, which means that without protection, thousands of Rhode Island residents will be forced to come out on top without help with more complex legal issues.
When people face a legal challenge to receive the support they need, the Minister of Justice and the governor of Disneyland, George brandis, immediately take this financing cut back to the box.
Last year, the government pledged to maximise the financing of legal support.
With the social legal support centres and the communities that serve them now, the Palaszczuk government should look to investment in this important work.
Staff of Donald Trump's campaign team following the alleged gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign team has been sued due to charges of no action after the North Carolina operations coach said he was shooting a gun at a staff tour with jihad in February.
The case was announced in a provincial court case filed by former software trainer Vincent Borreligious on Wednesday in the provincial campaign team.
Borreligious said he expects to be interested in the situation from the inside for months but later said he had "noticed" that it would not happen.
Bordini's complaint, as in the complaint, was brought to the attention of the director, who, in a gun, put his finger on the right sign and put Vincent on the right side of his knee. "
According to the complaint, Borreligious learned that at least four more people had experienced the same experience with Phillip after he complained to the leaders of the local and regional campaign team.
"there is no need for the weapons to be fired for damage," Borreligious said in his complaint.
The lawsuit was filed two days after the Republican presidential candidate responded to the crowd in North Carolina by saying that "second constitutional amendment scientists" (gun owners and gun supporters) could act in the case of his opponent, Hillary Clinton, and to choose their own judges in case of outrage.
Trump's campaign team is considering outside the context of these words in the media, and he does not support violence.
Borreligious, with no complaints, is due to the surveillance neglect of the campaign team and wants compensation from Phillip due to the attack, recession and moral damage.
Trump's spokesman, Hope Bread, did not return a quick return to the message seeking comment.
Efforts to reach Phillip failed.
In a local news subsidiary, WCCB, Phillip was recently reported from the campaign.
He also made a quick return to the call to his consulting company Innovative Group Services.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is waging a conflict.
Borreligious, Donald J. Trump, Inc., 16, CS-14300 case, General Court of Justice, branch of the Supreme Court, Mecklenburg win (in,).
The line from the "FETURE" to the tip of the
The president may not know the intelligence of anyone "for the FETBC, the police may not know, the police may not know, then the tip of the lands and the police FET set up the tip line.
After the 15 July coup attempt, thousands of FETLDs were thrown out of institutions and launched new practices for detecting "secret society" while hiding itself.
As part of the work, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has gauged the importance of making calls on citizens in the fight against FETBC, saying, "If you are friends from the community, then I am exposing them."
Reported to the prosecutor.
This is a patriotic debt.
"everyone may not know the intelligence, the police may not know or may not grow up, look at the guys on the run."
As part of the work done by the Interior Ministry, the Directorate of Police and the National Intelligence Service (MIT) launched the online report.
These citizens, according to the FEI around the organisation, knew that the activities of the organisation, which belonged to the organisation, could be forwarded to the police and lands thanks to this practice.
Www.facebook.com / pages / tip will be provided to the persons who will report with the form that is available via the website www.facebook.com.
Reimbursement of the report submitted by the Chief of Police to those who wish to add the document.
Calls in the same practice again, if he is to return to him.
"155 Police were able to notify the public prosecutor in their district and districts, as they could call 911 on the phone.
Inspired by the basement, and made an example in the village of civilians in
The regulation of the village of Canvillage, in collaboration with the authorities and philanthropist, was made in the village.
Roads in the village paved the asphalt, and their sidewalks were painted in blue and white colors, modeled on the town's basement, with all the houses in the village.
The authorities of the towns depend on the image of the villages, and the model village project to raise the quality of life.
Within this context, the village was chosen 12 kilometres from the district centre as the 66-digit Canvillage.
The infrastructure and building services increased the roads of the village to asphalt, while sidewalks were covered with a coin.
The village houses have different turns, painted with the support of business tycoon Selahattin Ayan.
The entire village was painted with white and blue colors to the image of the buildings.
The example of the basement
Commenting on the study, Fragova said that Erkan Jesus Erhorse, a model for the role model for other villages, said: "the more modern sight of the village is the fact that all of the houses are part of our project."
We will take the example of this project while we are looking for a place.
When we went to the basement the houses were painted white and the blue window to our attention.
... we also wanted to take the example of the basement because of the positive impact on the cleanup and the people.
Working in the village, we painted all the houses in white and blue colors.
This work was done in collaboration with the state and philanthropist.
The project cost about 200,000 rupees.
Working with civilians in our village, like a small basement.
This kind of are our budget and we still want to continue with the support of our business men.
Abdullah Maja, 66, a native of Canvillage, said he has a brand new image of the village with the support of the authorities.
The genre, for example, is very happy with the village themselves and the people of the village, adding to the last of all.
Evidence in the operation of the drug
7 people were detained in a drug operation by gendarmerie teams in the town of Kangal.
The gendarmerie crews, who work at the Ietinkaya resort, have seized 600 grams of marijuana, 49 drugs, 1 hunting rifles and 1 dry hard pistol.
7 persons were detained in connection with the seized materials, while criminal proceedings were initiated.
In the case of the FETARY / PURY, together with the property of 4 people confiscated
Fethullah Gulen, a lawyer and fugitive from Fethullah Gulen, was tried in the 2nd Criminal Court for allegedly profiting corruption in the Fethno / Parallel State Restructuring / Parallel State Restructuring (FETBC / PDY).
According to a statement issued by the Adana police on May 15, 2015, the acting mayor of the metropolitan municipality of Zihni Allawi and the administration of zoning corruption and plan forgery, known with the proximity of the Gulen community to the residential area, will reach the community of 150 million lira by the amount of the claim.
As a result of the investigation launched on the bar, Zihni Alves, FFEAT, Mustafa Vural, Hasan long and former head of the Adana Chamber of Commerce, were arrested.
Fethullah Gulen and former Adana Metropolitan Deputy Mayor Zihni Allawi filed a lawsuit against the 2nd Criminal Court on 17 defendants, including 5, with sentences ranging from 5 to 35 years in prison.
All the defendants pleaded not guilty to the charges, and all of the defendants with the latest batch of arrests were released from criminal control and home law.
Goods that have been put into the ARMY OF
The court's delegation issued a warrant for arresting a top defendant, Fethullah Gulen, along with the fugitive Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Gamsoncu.
But the fugitive, who has not been captured and has not come to trial, has agreed to court illegal procedures for the 4 defendants.
The court's delegation then decided to confiscate all the assets of Fethullah Gulen, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Gamal, who were in the foreign country in a bid to secure the inconclusive trial against them and for that reason failed to reach him.
Together with the court's decision, the companies belonging to the defendants are transported in Turkey, land-sea and air transport vehicles, any rights and receive, securities paperwork, partner company share, rental tape, and bank accounts frozen.
Arrested a member of the MLKP, who was captured with the
The restaurant has been beaten up by police while trying to escape the rear gate of the restaurant, while the terrorist group MLKP, a member of the KP, was arrested in the courts after interrogation in Adana.
Wearing a headscarf, he went to the courthouse chanting slogans.
According to the main directorate of the Directorate of Counter Terrorism and Intelligence, teams have decided to hunt 3 separate charges on charges of membership of the terrorist group, the capital city, the palace.
The palace police contacted Adana police, who ordered the capture of the city.
The palace police, who acted on instructions not to be recognised, were wearing a headscarf in a restaurant in a restaurant, police said.
When the teams entered the restaurant, police noticed Arslan, who came to the rear, was asked to flee.
The back door, out of the city, was the palace of the police, which was captured by the teams.
After the interrogation in the police, the city was transferred to the courthouse.
Appointed to the Medical Unit for health control, was asked to throw the slogan.
Arslan's mouth shut down as the woman tried to block the police slogan.
To the courthouse, was arrested and sent to prison.
12 of the judges and prosecutors in the custody of 24 persons
In Antalya, 24 people, including 12 judges and prosecutors, were detained as part of a FET / PDY investigation.
The teams of 15 judges and prosecutors from the Antalya Police Directorate for Combating Trafficking and Organised Crime have detained 15 judges and prosecutors over their detention.
Work to arrest the other 3 judges and the prosecutor.
He was among those detained, the prosecutor continued.
As part of the investigation, Kumble was on the hunt for 12 of the 24 people who were detained.
The detained suspects were businessmen and the FEI teachers who served in the closed schools were announced.
Work for the arrest of 12 other people as part of the investigation.
Erzurum's nephew was arrested in
His nephew, Fethullah Gulen, was arrested by police in Erzurum.
A nephew of Fethullah Gulen, who was detained as part of a police investigation into the coup attempt on August 9, was transferred to the courthouse yesterday evening following the completion of his testimony.
He was the son of Fethullah Gulen's sister and the owner of a private foreign language school, Abdullah corps, with a request to arrest him at the prosecutor's office after he was transferred to the Sulh Criminal Division.
He was sent to prison on charges of being a member of the Khmer Rouge terrorist group.
1 police killed, 2 PKK rebels killed
Nusaybin conflict: 1 police killed, 2 PKK killed
A police car on patrol in Nusaybin town of Nusaybin has killed 1 police officers.
2 of the dead in the shootout.
A police car was fired by PKK rebels at 7: 00am today in the neighbourhood of Selahattin Ejupa neighbourhood on May 27th.
1 police officers were killed in the vehicle.
Police crews were dispatched to the scene and blocked the run by PKK terrorists.
The shootout, along with 2 terrorist weapons, were found dead.
Operation of security forces in the region.
Nearly a thousand police have been killed in
1 police officers have been killed in a fire by the PKK, which patrols the town of Mardin's Nusaybin district.
2 were killed in the shootout.
The police car, which is not banned in the town of Mardin's Nusaybin, is being investigated by the PKK on May 27th at 7: 00am, police said.
The PKK, who ran the street on the sidelines, was hit by a police patrol car.
Shortly after the first fire, 1 police officers were killed in the vehicle, while several special operations police were dispatched to the scene.
In the barracks and around the mosque, the security forces and the PKK are dead, along with 2 PKK weapons.
Operation in the region.
To be fair to her that her father had been freed with criminal control
The director of the terrorist group FET in the Air Force imam's office in Sakarya, a doctor sitting at the site of the Sakarya Yildirim, has been released, and his wife, Hatice Yildirim, is free.
Immediately after the coup attempt was captured at the 40th Air Base, Dr. Adil was transferred to the courthouse where he was released, while the search continues.
Just before the fair orphans were involved in the losses, the most recent Sakarya was sitting in the office of the man who was identified as the driver of the horse.
To be fair to orphans, the "34 SIR 49" license plates were found in the garage of his home.
As part of the investigation, he and his wife, Hatice, were detained yesterday.
He and his wife, Hatice, were transferred to the courthouse.
At the end of the night, the court concluded, while his wife, Hatice Yildirim, with a criminal control condition, remained free.
Supervision of the asset fund recommission discussed in the
The Turkish Presence Fund, which is expected to be among the world's largest funds, silently lifted the affirmation of the law.
The fund was given a reconsideration because of the lack of oversight mechanisms but was discussed in the commission again without any changes.
"the assets belonging to the booths will certainly be excluded from the constitutional control mechanisms of this structure, which will consist of unemployment funds collected for unemployed workers, pensioners, workers' pension cuts, workers' pension cuts for the unemployed," said CHP Member of Parliament and Budget Commissioner Utley Jacket, discussing the AKP's offer of law.
In an effort to secure long-term funding for the government's investments and projects, the Turkish Presence Fund proposed legislation Tuesday with the view that the opposition should also be discussed.
But the AKP today rejected the proposal in the same form and brought it back to the Budget Commission.
The Parliamentary plan and the budget commission's CHP member, Essenehir Djordjevic, described the CHP's concern and concern to the CHP regarding the offer of the law.
"the establishment of this fund comes within the framework of the plan and the budget commission, the former Finance Minister Zekerija Temizal, who is at the helm of the CHP delegation, expressed our concern and concerns and offered to discuss it in detail."
The Government, which accepted our view, also withdrew the bill.
The bill came to the commission again yesterday in the same form.
"the government will insist on it to be issued from parliament within a week," he said.
"our biggest concern is that this law is the rule of law."
"the state's assets, which are owned by the public, will consist of pensioners, workers' pension cuts, the unemployment funds collected for the unemployed, revenues from privatisation, the privatisation of parliament and a structure which does not have any responsibility," he said.
"however, when such funds were established, Russia, China and the Gulf states have increased their oil revenues and trade, and the fund has been financed in this way," he said.
This is why the fund will consist of public funds, namely, the public's money.
With a total of 100 billion euros in the unemployment fund, 100 billion will be transferred from individual pension funds to employees, with 50 billion being transferred from privatisation.
"this means that the fund, which will consist entirely of public money, should be in public control, and that money should not be spent responsibly," he said.
When the resources of the state are collected, the borrowing of assets belonging to the state in a fund where collateral is excluded from the control of the parliament is unacceptable, he stressed, and concerns about the offer of the Presiding Fund code:
With such a large collection of public assets, spending on public behalf, business and transactions, only independent audit companies cannot pass on the audit.
Necessarily be in public control and should be a transparent structure.
Under the offer of the law, there are no provisions on the supervision and transparency of the Constitutional institutions.
Not be a limit on how much funds will be transferred.
No one will ever be able to account for how this fund was used.
Cited the financing of major projects as the purpose of the fund.
You don't need to establish a fund that controls outside the budget for this.
Why did you get into the budget?
When it comes down to it, the question is, "Why do you run out of gas and run out of parliament?"
The accumulation of money in the Fund is not against the transfer of investments, but it is not transparent, it is being done with the mechanisms that do not account, Jackie said. "there is a need for such a fund to be discussed."
But if the government insists that, then, such investment funds were established in other countries, we have to ensure that applicable international standards are in place.
Necessarily be structured in a way that is the mechanism of control and responsibility.
There will be no seathing on the part of citizens to account for their own money, which should be set up in a way that will account for it.
"we are pleased that the AKP will listen to our criticism in parliament, especially after the 15 July coup attempt," said Jackie Chan, who is staunchly opposed to the asset Fund law offer.
Offered this law, we hope to listen to our constructive criticism.
Use of national assets as rules, transferred, irresponsible to those of it, and although we are in public control.
"it can only be beneficial if these concerns are settled," he said.
On the offer of law to compromise between the AKP and the opposition, where the work was carried out.
"the indicator of trust we have in Turkey is the investment we have
"the investment of 30 billion USD in the last 5 years is a sign of confidence that we have in the future of our country," said Ford Automotive Chairman Ali Koc, speaking at a meeting in Istanbul.
He met with the Acting Chairman of the Board of Directors and Ford automotive Chairman Ali Koc, and the manager of several foreign capital firms, held by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) at the meeting on "those who rely on Turkey."
"with our partners, our faith and confidence in our country is not just the so-called express concern, we are underlining it with our investments and conceptions," Ali said at the meeting.
Over the past 5 years we have invested 30 billion yen, a sign of confidence in the future of our country.
Turkey is a must for attracting more foreign investment considerations; a reliable and fair legal system, international standards of democracy, qualified labour and R & D, inovations, entrepreneurship and value-added ecosystem.
Over the past few years, our government has presented the most comprehensive incentives to our industry in our Republican history.
"I believe that we will be able to launch a new" Investment move "that we need with these incentives and integrated strategies.
"we now know it as global players, not just the problem of a single country, but as global players."
To us with a long-term view.
Unity and if we are in a draw, our problems will be solved.
160 years ago we were not able to bring this to the moment.
In these areas, we will continue to work.
"of course, we will build factories but we should be open to the horizon in this area," he said.
"Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for Shell."
The potential and believe in the heart of the future.
We have invested in many areas, especially energy, and are continuing to do so.
Our president, our prime minister, and our ministers are supportive of international investors for their work.
Work that has confidence for international investors.
"this is the direction that will improve the competitiveness of our country," he said.
"on August 10th, the Global CEO will come to Turkey," said Dr. Altan Demirel, President of Sanitary / Novartis Turkey and the Middle East Region.
But the travel was postponed.
We are opposed to it.
Because of the arrival of the CEO, too.
Bulletproof cars, such as the protection of mercury.
Then when it came here, everything was normal.
Bodyguards and left the car and happily returned home.
Investment in a country, similar to marriage.
Before that would be promised, if everything goes well and you are getting married by the long-term plan.
And we are married and have no intention of divorce.
Out onto the mattress!
The Prime Minister Binali Yildirim addressed businesspeople with a teleconference at a consultative meeting on "those who rely on Turkey," organised by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry.
"we have not been able to rehabilitate the industrial sector in the industrial sector at 4.0," said Prime Minister Yildirim Yildirim, who said Turkey's industrial sector will ensure the rule of law.
"the value added is high, we take care to seize the 2023 objectives of our country, the engine of our country, the industrial revolution, the IT and technology revolution, and we have to do it," he said.
On the night of the 15th of July, he added a large gulag onto Turkey, adding, "The future of our country, those who try to destroy democracy, do not even think about bombing our parliament, if they were assent, we would have spoken to another today."
With the coup management was seized, the national will has been removed and the countries of the world have fallen from the league, we would talk to a Turkey among the 3rd world countries.
"it is our gratitude to God, our Millionaires, our president, our president, our president, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and the determination of our government," he said.
"we will look at the impact of this incident and go ahead with it."
We live with the constant blow and never be right.
Ahead of our very ambitious goals.
This coup attempt did not shake up its economy.
Chaos and once again, those who are waiting for the crisis.
Our democracy today is at the feet of our economy.
Banking sector, our financial sector continues to work in a healthy way.
Foreign trade deficit in 2015 has fallen by 25 percent in glory.
The current account deficit for the national debt is 5.8 per cent in 2014, while the figure has dropped to 4.5 percent in 2015.
Aim to lower the 4 at the end of this year.
We will never change our tight hearing in the public finances.
The 2016 budget is also more than the national revenue of 130 countries.
With over 11 per cent of the budget deficit, the proportion of the national debt has dropped to 1.3 per cent in 2015, and we strive to maintain these rates.
Public debt from the EU, better than many countries in the world.
Solid ground in our banking financial sector.
"despite the fact that the central banks did not need to exchange foreign currency on the 15th of July, and there was not any reduction in our reserves, there were more than $121 billion in gross reserves," he said.
With the development of the economy, increased production and any ease for new employment areas, the prime minister said, "We also have comprehensive arrangements for you to save your load for the past."
Since the pardon is more than tape and a renewed convenience of unpaid tax liabilities, we have to implement many of the arrangement until the installment is implemented, we continue to pass.
"if you continue to produce for the country, continue to rely on your country, your government will continue to remove the obstacles in your way," he said.
Hakan Shukur's father was taken to hospital with high sugar
The father of Hakan Shukur, who was detained as part of the operation against the FET / PDY terrorist group in Sakarya, was taken to hospital as a result of the rise of sugar during interrogation.
Following the 15 July coup attempt by the Sakarya republic's Prosecutor General's office, former national football player Hakan Shukur and his father Sermet Gratitude were on the hunt yesterday evening.
After today's Friday prayer appearance, Hakan Shukur, the father of Hakan Shukur, was taken to hospital, where he was taken by interrogation.
Admitted to hospital as a result of the rise of sugar in his treatment, Sakarya continues at the Hospital for Education and Research.
Turkey is not cut off from the West, the European Union is giving up
Mehmet Simsek: Turkey is not cut off from the West, the European Union is giving up
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, Minister of Science Industry and Technology Faruk summary, Economy Minister Nihat Obekci attended the meeting on "those who rely on Turkey" organised by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO).
Speaking at the meeting, Minister of Science Industry and Technology Faruk summary said: "I think that the night of July 15th and the subsequent developments were the result of many."
Most importantly all of them are undoubtedly now deeply felt in the spirit of unity and draw.
The 15 July process showed how robust dynamics the Turkish economy has in society and how to drink democracy.
"it is clear that the next process for a society in which the economy and democracy and democracy is achieving this level will be better and faster."
"KS FOR Some SIKINGERS" to get rid of the laser
Announcing the 15 July coup attempt to tell the world that Faruk missed the podium, Economy Minister Nihat Obekci said the government has declared mobilisation on this issue.
Referring to the recent interest rate cuts launched by banks recently, Olive said, "My real sector is 64th% of the land of the first five face of interest and if we do all we should concentrate on that job."
I look back at our president for him, he says this is already done.
With the real sector, the banking system, the government, the government, the politics after the July 15th civil Turkish democracy revolution, the unity and draw of Turkey has gone out of this.
We also welcome the recent developments.
"we hope that during the next period our banks will start the incentives of our president by the monthly zero point nine, which began right down as we are already supporting this competition as economic management, we will carry out the sustainability of the continuum," he said.
"year passport, IHRACKED IN EMR."
"we will not leave the country, we will not leave the country, under the leadership of our prime minister, we will not leave the country."
Since we are not in contact with our business, we will not leave.
"we will never and never ignore that; while we run out of birds in the branch, we will not be in the birds," he said.
"one of the most recent decisions is that one of the most recent decisions will be given to exporters; we now finish the regulation of the economy ministry, and we will give our exporters a privileged green passport, representing around 20,000 exporters, as of the first figures," he said.
"coup GNIGHT AGAINST THE FINANCIAL SYSTEIN SYSTEM"
"but behind us, we now have to look at our aversion," Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek said, referring to OHAL, which declared the coup d'état on 15 July and declared afterwards.
The two simple reasons have been declared OHAL, Simsek said, adding that "those who have attempted this coup must be removed from the state, and this process works; but more importantly, serious administrative reforms are needed to avoid a further coup attempts."
Is also needed for these administrative reforms as a climate, declared a State of Emergency, and so far, very serious structural reforms.
"we are committed to doing all of them and we will continue to act in the democratic principles and rule of law," he said.
While life has returned to normal in many areas, he stressed that there is not the slightest reason to worry about companies and individuals involved in the financing of terrorism.
"I think Turkey's democracy has not solidified the foundations of democracy; because you look at the root of the problems of the recent past, you'll see that this betrayal ring is over.
"thus cleaning up the state of this terrorist organisation will strengthen Turkey's democracy, which in this era is shut down in Turkey," he said.
The fundamentals of the economy are generally solid, and they have never been wasted, returning to normal structural reform agendas, he said, adding that "Turkey has a return to its agenda, structural reforms progress."
Structural reforms are already unavoidable; because in the world of populism, protectionism is on the rise.
"Turkey but can prepare for the future by reform," he said.
Finally, he stressed that Turkey would not be cut off from the West, adding: "from time to time, our western allies may disagree with our friends; but Turkey is not cut off from the West, the European Union is not giving up."
Jumped into the sea of fish from 25 feet and...
In Antalya, 17-year-old Shamil Tayyar Bajaj was in the hospital when he climbed to the sea of buffalo, 25 metres high, referred to as' Eagle Hill '.
At the end of the evening, Konate Tayyar Bajrami jumped into the sea of buffalo, known as "Eagle Hill," at a distance of 25 metres, known as "Eagle Hill," after the arrival.
The professional swimmer, Shamil Tayyar Bajramov, painted the impact of the water hit.
The challenge of the movement in the sea was that he was again like the professional swimmer, who was brought to shore by his friends.
Paramedics arrived at the scene after the intervention, and the medics were called to the Antalya Education and Research Hospital after the intervention.
Treatment was that there was no vital danger.
A friend of the victim, who testified to the police, said, "I saw the fish jump from Eagle Hill to the ground."
"we couldn't predict that would be the case," he said.
25 dead - in the newspapers
Hatay's residence in Reykjavik, about 10 miles from the border with Syria, was in the town of Sarmada, which was hit by regime aircraft.
Local sources said 25 people were killed in the attack, and 40 were injured.
Close to the border of Syria, which is in control of the opponents of the regime near Bab al-Al Air Gate, the town of Sarmada was held at noon and poured into 2 separate air strikes by the regime aircraft.
Local sources said the air attack targeted residential buildings and killed 25 people, he said.
The voices of the blast also reported that 40 people were wounded in the attack, while the death toll was rising.
President, he chose the assignment!
President of Higher Education (YK) Membership of the Ministry of Finance.
"Mr. President, due to the resignation of the Sejdu Ahmet Principle, the membership of the Board of Directors of the Board of Higher Education in accordance with Article 2547 of the Higher Education Code b / 1 selfish of the Ministry of Finance.
On the other hand, the President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, approved the "International labor Code" of 6735.
According to a statement from the Presidential Press Centre, the "6735 Resolution" has been sent to the prime minister to be published under Article 89 of the Law on International labor (Article 89 of the Constitution) with the first of Article 89 of the Constitution.
Rivera died in the armed attack on 2 brothers in
ADIYMAN "s Rivera, 2 brothers, who were also armed in the car, were killed.
The incident occurred on Mustafa Kemal Street in the evening.
The 39-year-old Ramadan Karahan, 39, who was heading towards the County centre, opened fire with a pistol by an unidentified person.
After losing control of the fire, the car was left to another vehicle.
In this place, the person coming into the car, associate with the brother of 50-year-old Omar Karahan, came out on fire.
Karahan brothers, were seriously injured, while the attacker fled the scene on a motorcycle.
The bar on the scene was transferred to the police and health crews.
The brothers, who were seriously injured, were taken by ambulance to the Kahta State Hospital.
Omar and associate Karahan were taken to the emergency ward but were unable to be rescued, despite all the efforts of the doctors.
The bodies of the two brothers were found in the spirits for the post-mortem, while the police in the area, where the incident took place, began examining the identity of the fleeing attacker.
Should download an Olympic spirit, and Heathrow should be expanded to
Heathrow will offer renovation and prosperity not only in our local communities and in London, but also across the country.
I think this is the incredible effort of all the nation and regions to benefit from the Games as it is in London 2012, which will make Heathrow a pretty attractive destination.
Great advantages for the Olympics, Stratford and the East End.
And Heathrow is close to creating opportunities for local people and companies to do it again.
With only 10,000 new internships available for our local communities, 40,000 new jobs will be created and we will not leave unemployed young people around the airport.
As London is ahead of 2012, the struggle to expand Heathrow will also be more challenging.
He told me that he can never be prepared for the games and that we will be the whole world.
Those doubts were wrong in 2012, and will be seen in the wrong on Heathrow.
There would always be obstacles which must be overcome but Heathrow answered all the questions that were asked.
Olympics as in Heathrow is not just a few people, but an infrastructure project for many people.
Expanding the expansion, 150,000 new jobs and an opportunity to create 211 billion pounds of economic growth and many skills and jobs both around the airport and throughout the United Kingdom.
Heathrow has been named the best airport terminal in the world for over five years (in the rear of T2), up to T2, with a wonderful team that has introduced an infrastructure investment of 11 billion pounds in time and budget for the two most congested roads in the world.
Now we are ready to offer a third track, supported with 16 billion pounds worth of private investment.
The London 2012 Games was a great success for the United Kingdom, and there is no doubt that Heathrow is expanding.
This Olympic spirit is directed to expand Heathrow to secure our commercial future, and we will be proud of the fact that a great number of skills and business allow us to create the time.
Lord Paul Deighton, Heathrow Chairman and former Secretary of the Treasury, Commercial Secretary
Block Plus, Facebook advertising block "like a game of cat and mouse
He attempts to block the advertising block software for companies that make money from online advertising, and according to one of the companies who made the software, "cat-mouse play."
On Thursday, just two days after announcing that it would block Facebook's advertising block, Block Plus issued a blog that said its users could update their filters to avoid advertisements in social networks.
On Tuesday, Facebook said it would alter codes around the ads to make it more difficult for advertisers to identify which portion of the page is advertising.
However, Block now says that the new code has been solved.
In a blog posting, Block spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this is an advanced battle between employees to block open source advertising and prevent them from being invented by advertising, since this is an advanced back battle between employees, and Facebook is possible to produce its own resolution in close time.
With the entry into this battle of the world's largest social media company, the advertising block shows how big a concern is for the industry.
Last year, an estimated 200 million people globally use advertising for advertising; this is four times the number of people using this type of software in 2013, according to a study by Pageously and Nielsen.
Facebook has access to mobile apps with 1.03 billion daily active users and mobile ads now account for 84 percent of Facebook advertising revenue.
A spokesperson for the mobile advertising block says the social network for Facebook is no effective in mobile applications and, in the company of the advertising block, has fallen.
Facebook is worth the investment of such a move, according to the advertisements, which should still provide sufficient income.
Once again, on Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update the vehicle "advertising preferences" so that people can better control the advertisements offered to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that the new filter, which is worrying about the Block, would block a portion of the content in the site.
"we do not offer a good experience to these people and we are planning to deal with this problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an e-mail.
The advertising block is a blind tool, so in order to give people the control, the advertising is focused on creating such vehicles.
Ran a woman into the Swiss highway; the incident appears to be suicide
The victim was lying on the highway at midnight.
Police in the case, which looked like suicide, hit a couple of cars on the highway in the early hours of Thursday, searching for people who were plural.
The incident occurred in A1, near Morges, just after midnight Thursday.
Vaud police said the woman was in a "desperate" place when the woman was in the darkness of the night and a few cars crashed into him.
The 49-year-old Swedish woman, who is clearly in charge of killing himself, has hit a few vehicles, including the truck.
Himself died at the scene.
Police said some of the drivers, who were involved in the incident, had been discussed but some said they had not been identified and asked everyone who was involved in their case and asked for them.
In a statement, Gilles Hofstetter, the lawyer for Le Tribune, said in a statement that it "opened a criminal prosecution as a logical" step in such cases. "
But it is not yet known whether the drivers, who were involved in the incident, will face any charges.
Was it possible to avoid a collision?
This is supposed to identify the prosecutor, "said Hofstetter.
Over the last five years, two similar cases have shown that drivers would not be held responsible.
The newspaper reported that in both cases (both in the dark, a person was driving a toll road), the drivers were not expecting the driver to cross the highway in the middle of the night when the verdict was normal.
Last year he was found not guilty on charges of causing death due to the negligence of a police officer who left a man lying on the road near the A1 in August 2014.
Court, said the 22-year-old victim was drinking and was leaked on the road.
In response to an emergency call, the court found that the police officer used the tool in a reasonable manner and found a man on the road was "totally exceptional and unpredictable."
Those who had knowledge of this incident, which took place near Morges on Thursday, should seek police from 021 644, 46 or 021 644, from the top phones.
NASA climate model: Venus was once the place to live
The new NASA climate model estimates that once in life, Venus had appropriate conditions.
The scientists at NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies have developed a model to explore the past of Venus using similar tools and hormones that are used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus is home to conditions similar to those in the world at once, with its warm, nonviolent surface and atmosphere filled with CO2.
In the past, scientists have been unable to explain the low return pace of Venus with a layer of thick atmosphere.
The newest estimates, however, are that, when Venus is thin, the world may have had a similar atmosphere and may still be able to slow down.
The model also looked at the topography of the old Venus.
The planet is more dry in the world than the world exists but once enough water and geographical volatility may have been to protect against rapid evaporation.
Old Venus, at the same time, was taking advantage of a 30 percent more unpleasant sun.
In a news release, GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio said in a news release that the "GISS model simulates the slow return of Venus every time for almost two months to the day the sun is looking to the sun."
This is reflected in the surface of the earth by acting like an umbrella that protects against the sun from the thick cloud layers that cause the rain.
As a result, today the world is only a few degrees more cold than the average climate temperatures.
The model provided the creation of a story similar to the evolution that had previously been put forward by the planet scientists for Venus.
Although no matter how much life was once in accordance with conditions on Venus, a few billion years in the process was too much to bite and to be exposed.
The ocean was evaporated, and the water was burned with no steam to the ground.
Hydrogen has been sold out and left behind only with the deadly greenhouse gas effect of carbon dioxide that has remained in a thick atmosphere; that is, as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of the new Venus climate model in a Geophysical Research article.
Patrick Roy has resigned from the Avalanche antenna
Patrick Roy said the team has been in the process of making the decision, citing the Colorado Avalanche coach on Thursday and the vice president of hockey operations.
Joe Sakic, Colorado's executive vice president / general manager, has approved this development and said the club will start looking for new coaches immediately.
Roy, 50, said, "Over the past three years, I have been the principal instructor and vice president of hockey operations in Colorado Avalanche, fulfilling my energy, passion and determination."
I needed this team over the course of the summer by giving the depth of how I could improve further and how I thought I would be able to get to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the ram and VP hockey operations must be in perfect harmony with the vision of the company.
He also has the right to say in decisions that affect the performance of the team.
In the current case, these conditions have not yet been met.
Roy joined the crew on May 23, 2013, for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick today informed me of his decision," Sakic said.
Thank him for everything that he has done for our company and we wish him plenty of luck in the future.
Roy was awarded the Jack Adams Award as the best defending champion in the league in his first season in 2013-14.
He scored 112 points in the club and secured the team's first finish in the league but Colorado lost to Minnesota in the first round of the playoff period and missed the games after the season in both years.
Avalanche has a 39-4 goal in 2015 and 16 in the Western Conference, five points less than for the second poker space.
In honour of goalkeeper Roy, two of the Montreal Canadiens won four Stanley Cup, including Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks by suspending the strike
North Sea oil workers have been suspended from the strike due to the fee, and the top negotiators have begun discussions for a new round of talks.
The strike against the oil field services company Wood Group operated by Royal Dutch Shell is gradually carried out on platforms in the North Sea.
"we have decided to restart the process for resolving the current dispute with Wood Group and as RMT unions," a joint statement said.
Over the next few weeks, we will be holding a series of meetings all day to introduce a new perspective on the problems beginning next week.
Labour unions have said that this protest against wage cuts, which could reach 30 per cent, is the first actions since 25 years.
Wood Group has cut nearly 9 per cent in payments to contractors in the North Sea this year due to negative pressures in the market.
The company has also implemented a 10 per cent price reduction to shore contractors in 2014, following the process of reducing this fee.
The company said additional cuts would provide space for the company to recover from the stressful period in the market.
Shell has cut its operations in the process of a merger with British energy company BG Group, which has laid off thousands of people and announced plans to lay off oil and gas operations in the country by up to 10 percent.
The energy companies are under pressure due to the low crude oil prices, an economic situation in which a decision was made to leave the European Union in June.
Dave Kerr, a member of parliament, met with workers leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest worker conflicts in the North Sea.
The North Sea, as he was quoted as saying, is vital to the regional economy.
"we need an effective economy for the majority, not for the minority across the North Sea and across the country," he said.
Despite an average of nearly $7 billion in investment over the last five years, it is expected that in 2016, less than $1.4 billion will be invested in new projects in the North Sea.
Kepler has measured the pace of return of stars in the Ulker team
The Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers with the latest mission to create the most complete catalogue in terms of the return of stars in the Ulker team of stars.
With the new data, astronomers have shown that the number of stars in the sky has returned to variable speed and return periods are helping to understand the interest with the composition of the planet.
Luisa Reeves, a research scientist at Caltech Center for Work and Analysis in Pasadena, Calif., said in a news release, "When we compare our results to star clusters, we hope to learn more about the relationship between stars, age and even the history of the solar system.
Ultimately, the team star swept 445 light years away.
The team of stars in most of the stars has become 125 million years ago, and access to the new level of new access.
Lives that may be at their highest rate of return.
Peak in return, this maturity phase stars a large amount of star wind.
These winds have progressed in the magnetic fields of stars as the effect of breaking on the stars.
The rate of return as a star starts to drop.
Kepler said the speed of return of each of the stars can make the difference, such as the sun, by measuring the time between the outlook of the star.
The latest return rates catalogue suggests that the larger stars are returned faster than the smaller stars.
Practically speaking, the stars are the big ones who are likened to the dancers only on their way to the small to more slowly carried out.
"we see that those who return to the locker room are much more severe, faster than those who return," he said.
Ultimately the team star is very close to the star characteristics of the return with an ideal cosmic laboratory task.
"ultimately, the team stars as young and old as the theoretical models for star returns in both directions," he said.
Looking at the speed of the stars, how, when, and why, the one who fell to the plate in their dance shoes is one more thing we want to learn about.
The find and colleagues of the Ulker team stars with the newest analysis on the rates of return, which will soon be published in Astronomy Magazine as detailed in three new essays.
