28-year-old Chef found Dead at San Francisco Shopping Center
The 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping mall this week.
But the victim's brother said he did not think he could be the one to want to hurt him, saying: "In the end, things were going well for him."
The San Francisco Forensic Medicine Institute announced that the body at Westfield Shopping Center on Wednesday morning was identified as belonging to Frank Galicia, a 28-year-old San Francisco resident.
The San Francisco Police Department reported that the cause of death was determined to be murder, and investigations continued.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who had previously worked as a kitchen section chief in Boston, began working as a chief of the San Francisco Sons & Daughters kitchen department six months ago.
Sons & Daughters said that this death "turned them into astonishment and they were extremely sorry."
"We are a small team here who works like a tight family, and he will be very much missed," the spokesman said.
In this challenging time, we would like to state that they are not alone with Frank's family, and that they are with them.
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in the hostel and said, "In the end, things were going well for him."
Louis Galicia told the KGO, "He had an apartment and he was dating a girl."
Louis Galicia said he did not think he could be the one to want to hurt his little brother.
He was a gentle person with a huge heart.
The way of linking with the family always made us prepare a plate and make us dinner, "said Louis Galicia.
He never liked to go into confusion.
My brother, they fit in all situations.
He spoke, "When all the other things go wrong in the world, that untouched elmastic glowing every day."
Information holders were asked to call the SFPD Notice Line on 415-575-4444.
Assistants doctors strike: New job slowdown calls
Representatives of assistant doctors asked the unions to allow work slowdown in relation to the dispute over a new contract.
The British Medical Association (BMA) Assistant Doctors Committee (JDC) has called the general council to support further action slowing down since the beginning of September.
JDC stated that the ministers could not resolve the contract concerns.
Resident doctors and medical students rejected the contract agreement with BMA.
This was rejected by 58% of the voting members.
In an article posted on Twitter Thursday, JDC chief Ellen McCourt said the government "insistently silent" about the issues that led to the rejection of the contract.
"In light of this, the JDC Board of Directors voted to completely reject the proposed new contract and called for formal re-talks on concerns."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC management has received an official request from the BMA Board to allow a program to increase job slowdown from early September.
The disagreement prompted resident doctors to join six grievances this year, including the first total disruption on the NHS.
Dr. Johann Malawana, assistant physician leader at the BMA, resigned after the rejection of the terms of the contract proposed by the BMA.
54,000 assistant doctors and medical students told BMA members that it was a good deal to be accepted at meetings prior to voting.
After the ceremony, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt stated that the contract would be implemented as it would be for doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: An 'alliance of incompatible'?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
Leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to announcing that they had officially ended their eight-month war with shaking hands and words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the showroom of the St. Petersburg Palace, I got the obvious impression that Ankara was the one most interested in this compromise.
Hand held, yes.
However, Mr. Putin's smile was rather weak and could not be said to have resisted any warmth even against his own limited standards.
On the contrary, Recep Tayyip Erdogan has repeatedly talked about "good friend" Mr. Putin, according to a report five times.
I'm surprised at the number.
He also promised that relations with Russia would reach far higher levels than before returning to pre-crisis levels.
The next day, a journalist there said that Mr. Erdogan had acted as if nothing had happened.
I think his excitement was exactly the opposite.
However, the cold impression given by Mr. Putin showed that the Russian leader had not forgotten anything.
In fact, the first thing he mentioned in the opening statement was the cause of the crisis: Turkey shot down the Russian war plane on the Syrian border.
Then the reaction of Russia was full of fury.
Mr. Putin made a hard start and accused Ankara of stabbing Moscow with his back.
The resentment was much bigger, the opposite side thought to be friendly.
Rebuilding trust in the real sense will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
Since November, the idea of the people of Russia has changed.
The state-controlled media has been targeting Ankara for months in a staggering and aggressive manner.
Suddenly, it was the Turks who were all criminals.
The most serious of these were accusations that senior officials were making profits from the illegal oil trade in the areas under the control of the so-called Islamic State of Syria's family of Mrs Erdogan.
He himself refused to do so.
But the official message from St. Petersburg was that it was time to go.
Ultimately, the reason for this meeting was that Mr Putin had received his apology from President Erdogan.
Russia can see it as a kind of victory.
The benefits of the ceasefire call for Ankara are very clear.
First of all, Erdogan needs friends after the unsuccessful blow that will happen the month we passed and almost cause him to topple.
Repeated terrorist attacks in Turkey were also very influential.
Economic reasons are also active.
The sanctions imposed by Russia were tight, especially the prohibition of private flights carrying several million Russian tourists to the coastal areas of Turkey each year.
This number has dropped by almost 90%.
Tour operators and rental companies in Russia were also relieved that the flights would continue.
They have relied on the end-season intensity of the Mediterranean season.
And this week, state television predicted a reduction in fruit and vegetable prices as Turkish agricultural products imports were allowed again.
If he were going to quote from the news in the Vedemosti newspaper, "Tourists are there, tomatoes are here".
However, there was a separate political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West for not finding enough reaction to the coup attempt.
Sayin Putin, who wants to take advantage of the coldness of Turkey's ties with the West and the intervening, enters a new era when the long-awaited annoyance is added to the negotiations on joining the US.
It seems that it has certainly gathered sympathy from Ankara because of the call for the support of elected officials after the Russian coup attempt.
It should not be forgotten that this inevitable attitude for Moscow, which had a fundamental fear of regime change.
This summit, held in this spectacular palace on the seaside, represents an "alliance of disagreements" as Russia and Turkey explain to me an analyst: the two countries that the West rejects and behaves badly are joining forces.
Nevertheless, despite the appearance of this compromise, they are quite different from each other.
One of the most important of these is about Syria: Moscow shows itself as a mediator, but Russia and Turkey support different sides.
This is supported by the fact that after the first interviews, which lasted for almost three hours, the two presidents did not mention this issue at the press conference.
While the President of Turkey clearly avoided answering the question about these differences, Mr. Putin chose to undermine them.
There is no clear consensus on how to determine the common ground in Syria.
But it is certainly a good development for the two leaders to begin talking at the very least - after months of open hostility - and when the Nato member takes into account the potential for catastrophic disaster as a result of Turkey knocking down a Russian war plane.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is disappearing for customers outside of Scotland
According to the statement of the chief executive officer of the bank, the RBS brand will go to the position of a back office.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan, the BBC, told Scotland that the RBS brand is associated with the bank's global goals.
Eight years ago, as it was almost sinking, he had to retreat and give up.
In the meantime, brand strategy experts used 'RBS' to protect other consumer finance brands.
It was backed by millions of pounds for many sponsorships, from the six-nation rugby championship to the Wimbledon Andy Murray champion.
Now, however, it has been decided that it will be more appropriate for national brands to stand out.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used by Scottish customers, but new beginnings will not be made.
All references to RBS will be changed to NatWest, except in the case of UK and Wales quoted at the headquarters and stock exchange.
The Ulster Bank brand is already being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are also smaller brands that will take on a much more dominant role in retail banking: Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr. McEwan gave an interview on Inverness-shire for clients and staff.
The BBC said to Scotland: "From now on we will become a brand with more brands and we will no longer be RBS brand investor brands and our employees will be employed."
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I say it is not global, we have local goals.
Each of these brands will stand out in a slightly different way in the community they are in and our staff will work with customers under the names of these brands.
RBS announced that it will not continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations championships and is raising the profile of different brands on sports sponsorship.
"We now have the time to move on to the brand banking approach because we are asking ourselves, how can we make it a better bank for our customers," said the chief executive officer.
Three years ago, we would be a great bank for our customers, and if we had mentioned that we would present these brands, I would have been sarcastic.
But I think that you will see a lot of change with our work and our focus on the needs of our customers, not ourselves.
We can re-engage these brands, so I think it's the right time.
Frankie Dettori earns 3000th victory with Predilection in Newmarket
Dettori launches champagne after reaching 3000th victory with double success in Newmarket
Jokey Frankie Dettori won the 3000th victory in Newmarket in England on Friday.
On his local track, he reached this milestone by winning his second victory of the night with John Gosden's Predilection.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach this milestone in an obstacle-free run.
He follows the traces of Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
Jockey, who had three championships in Ghayyar before, said: "This is a special occasion."
I'm very touched that my parents are here too
It makes me really happy that this is Newmarket, where I started this business 30 years ago.
It's not an important meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot - it's just an ordinary Friday night with 20,000 people.
I feel relieved and relaxed.
Dettori accepted the cheers by bringing Predilection after victory
There were two jockeys that reached this milestone: champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired jockey Sir Anthony McCoy, championing 20 times and winning over 4300 victories in his career.
Lester Piggott, who won the Derby race nine times, has 4493 victories in his career
It is not surprising that Frankie is one of the best jockeys of our age and reaches a milestone reached by only a few people before him.
A tactical mentality that has a strong personality, but possesses the element that makes the balance weigh heavier than others.
He represents the horse race in an extraordinary way, with the excitement and charisma of this subject and the people who have been shooting it for years.
A few weeks ago, I told Frankie in Epsom that he might have just reached the 6000th victory if it was not a jockey competing on weekends and big races.
To be honest, Frankie has been victorious in most of the 30 years he has been racing in the UK, which is great to see.
He has a very exciting character and is a very good feature for those British races, but beyond that is an extraordinary jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated this milestone with the iconic bouncing motion of stroke
Frankie Dettori has become a symbol of British obstacle-free running for twenty years with many moves from the races he has jumped up to his descent.
This is a full, rolling road.
In 1996, he survived a plane crash, winning several major races, including the famous 'Big Seven' victory in Ascot, and was banned for not complying with the drug ban.
Three years ago he showed difficulty during the return from this six-month suspension process, but showed that he had a strong character, which is necessary to make his suspects unfair and return to their best.
And he could go on for a while, Dettori said he wanted to continue racing until at least 50 years old.
Russian President Putin gets special pen, Sergei Ivanov, from office
President of Russia Vladimir Putin unexpectedly took the special pen, Sergei Ivanov.
Mr. Ivanov was part of the immediate vicinity to which Mr. Putin was assured for many years.
At the age of 63, he was now assigned as a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
In a statement made by the Kremlin, Mr Putin said, "Ivanov's decision of the Russian administration's chief has decided to terminate his mission," but no reason was given.
For this position, Mr. Ivanov was assigned to Anton Vaino, who has been acting as deputy since 2012.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in Tallinn, capital of Estonia, graduated from the Department of International Relations (MGIMO) of the well-known Moscow State Institute and served in the Tokyo embassy.
He was then interested in the presidency protocol and the administration of government personnel, as is the expression on the Kremlin website (in Russian).
After his assignment, he told Mr. Putin: "Thank you for your trust in me."
I think that the most important task of the government is to support your activities as head of state in supervising the enforcement of laws and regulations.
Mr. Putin announced on Friday that he would like to withdraw his job from the Ivanov office on the Russian television channel and propose Mr. Vaino to replace him.
Is my smile persuasive?
This is a move that astonishes Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov was working as one of the closest allies of the long-running Vladimir Putin, and like himself, the Soviet security forces served the KGB.
He was one of the strongest people in the country as a special pen.
At a meeting with President Putin and published on the state television, both of them stated that the private stay had been withdrawn from the office voluntarily.
Despite the smiling poses given to the camera, however, very few people are convinced, especially in this period of parliamentary elections.
Is this a disagreement on the basis of some kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows that yet.
However, the official statement that a person who could be president could suddenly want to direct Russia's environmental policy was met with great suspicion.
According to an excerpt from the Kremlin website, Mr. Ivanov has spoken to Mr. Putin: "In the beginning of 2012, it is true that we want you to trust me for four years for this task - which you can say is challenging - even problematic.
Well, apparently, I served as presidential private pen for four years, eight months.
Mr. Ivanov undertook this task in December 2011.
He had previously served as deputy prime minister and minister of defense.
He is a former member of the KGB state security forces, such as the Russian Security Council member and Mr Putin.
At the end of the 1990s, Mr. Putin was acting as the president of the Federal Security Forces (FSB), which replaced the KGB, and Mr. Ivanov acted as his proxy.
When Mr Putin was in power, Ivanov was shown as one of the five most trusted people.
Mr. Putin's presidency in the third period was contrary to the Constitution, and Mr. Ivanov was thought to be the president after Mr. Putin's second term.
This task, however, was handed over to another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr Putin was the prime minister before returning to the presidency after three and a half years.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson was fired after shooting into the producer
Gibson has been involved in a physical battle in his late-night moon set in Los Angeles.
Producing the series, ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios announced that they were out of the business in a joint statement.
Gibson, who portrayed Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, issued an apology on Tuesday before the notice of termination was made.
There were differences and disagreements about sette creative issues.
"I am saddened by the fact that such an event has occurred," he said.
A statement from ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios states that detailed information on how to remove Gibson's character from the program following a group of FBI agents will be given in the future.
The 54-year-old actress, formerly in Dharma & Greg's status comedy, has been on the program since the first seizure in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and I've been working on it for twelve years, giving it my heart and soul," Gibson said on a Friday broadcast.
I would have wanted to stay until the end but this is no longer possible.
I just want to thank the writers, the producers, the actors, the wonderful team, and most importantly the best supporters that a program can have.
The program is expected to return to the screens on September 28 for the twelfth season.
The mystery of fish in Banff's garden
A person living in a Banff area has been helped to identify the fish that emerged in Banff's garden.
Kevin Bain thinks that these 75 fish may be sandfish transported by sea hose.
Bain, who lived 500 meters from the sea, published images in Periscope in hopes that some of them would shed light on the appearance of fish two inches in length.
Queensferry Passage: The bridge is now bound to Fife
£ 1.35 billion worth of project to be completed by May 2017
The engineers united the northern part of the Queensferry Pass and the viaduct, which means that the bridge now belongs to Fife.
This is the first of the four closures between the "cupboard fans", which are about to be completed around each of the three towers of the bridge.
The section from Köprünün Fife is 600 meters long and weighs 30.000 tons.
10.000 tons of steel and 20.000 tons of concrete and 46 support cables.
The project worth £ 1.35 billion must be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown was one of the first people to visit the facilities today and walk across the land bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry Pass.
We all use 30,000 tons of concrete for the construction of this part of the bridge, and we are witnessing the engineering in a truly epic scale with this project.
Despite the extraordinary size and weight of the bridge that closes the gap between the viaduct and the bridge deck, it is a sensitive operation that requires extremely precise tolerances for this alignment.
In general, almost 79% of the total bridge floor is settled, concrete casting of the first section of the table will be carried out in Rosyth today, which means that the entire table will be ready to be taken over the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of project for Forth and Bridge Contractors, said: "In all bridge projects, the first closure is always an important milestone.
In this extraordinary project, this closing represents the pioneer in civil engineering.
We had to close the gap on the north-or-west side after the last road platform was installed and connected to the expanding North Tower level.
This was done by pulling the viaduct in the north to about 700 millimeters south.
This was huge but at the same time very sensitive.
The reason for its large size was that the viaduct was 222 meters long, weighs almost 6000 tons, and had to be pulled at about 3% slope.
The reason for being sensitive was that the tolerance values the team had to follow were very low, only a few millimeters on either side.
Fortunately everything went well.
Moelfre Bay rescue team: Three men 'lucky for being alive'
The three men were "lucky to have survived" after their fall from the fishing boat in Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI lifeguard station gave an alert on Friday, 13:20 am with the English summer time, after the facility saw the incident in the Bay of Moelfre.
The three men were struggling to swim to a safe area as the boats continued on their way.
"We saw that Teknen was drawing circles towards them and we were worried," said Moelfre's lifeguard chief control officer.
"Fortunately, we were far away with strong winds until we came to them on the right path," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man, aged 60, found himself tired, holding a buoy without a lifejacket.
All of them were taken to the lifeguard's way to the shore and brought to the lifeguard station
Mr. Jones said: "The three men who fall into the water are lucky to be alive and unharmed.
There was an emergency stop cable in the boat engine, but it must have been disconnected from the person who used the boat when the boat was in the alabora.
Someone was watching these three men today.
A valuable type of hunting for health and happiness, Pokémon Go
It's really amazing to see how the world has changed.
The fact that young people and children no longer go out to play games and prefer to spend their spare time looking at the screens is a condition most people have been upset over the past decade.
Pokemon Go is encouraging people to move up from the couch.
The time spent looking at the screens spread over time to video games, and finally to smartphones, primarily limited to television.
For this reason, it is really great to see that technology and outdoor movement are not mutually exclusive.
Of course, I'm talking about Pokémon Go, an application based on characters that were first created for video games in the 90's (later converted to line cards, game cards and other by-products).
Like many of the popular cultures, this new game was also mixed in the early July when it was offered in the US, Australia and New Zealand.
Subsequently, the presentation was delayed in other countries due to the intense interest in overloading the servers.
Over the course of days, Pokémon went more and more to the same number of users than Go Tinder.
How does it work?
In a nutshell, players take their smartphones, go for Pokémon in the way they are tracked by GPS, and 'snap' pictures (take a screenshot on the phone) or 'capture' them.
The game has joined this craze in a couch for a generation seeking younger ages.
In the US, the game provided a significant increase in the number of steps an "average" person threw each day.
Cardiogram, an application developed for Apple Watch and followed by 35,000 users, has recently risen from 45 percent to 53 percent of those exercising 30 days each day within the two days following the delivery of the game to Washington Post.
The company does not know who plays Pokémon Go, only raw data at the level of exercise can be seen.
Most public health campaigns encouraging people to "spend 30 minutes", "stay in the couch" and "active every day" were ignored because most public health messages were boring and communicated by seemingly miserable people.
But still, the emphasis on exercise is minimal.
People who exercise regularly are less likely to have cancer or depression.
It provides help in matters such as exercise, weight control, high blood pressure and diabetes, and has a list of benefits that are too long to be listed here.
However, the beauty of Pokémon Go is to make people go out to do something they enjoy.
In this way, three basic elements of health are covered: fun, fresh air and sunshine.
Some people even get new friends during hunting.
As always, there are also sullen jugglers looking for something to complain about.
And of course someone can hit the door while walking.
What difference does it make?
A great innovation was offered.
Smartphone applications such as Fitbit followed our movement but it did not give us a reason to exercise like this game.
The effect of innovation will pass and usage will decrease with time.
However, due to Pokémon's success, many games will help to make people who are hunting through activities and virtual reality real-world activities more active, fit and healthy.
Read Dr. Joe's blog posts at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles closes gold medal in overall evaluation of women's gymnastics
Forget the print.
Forget the excitement.
Simone Biles has immunity to all this.
Dynamic about jumping.
Relaxed on balance.
Amazing place with it.
Down to perfection at first.
And he's an Olympic champion now.
The 19-year-old American gymnast was also the first to complete the overall assessment on Thursday, clearly showing the difference between himself and the rest of the world in the Olympics.
In total, 62,198 points were above the silver medalist Aly Raisman, a friend of the "Last Five", and Aliya Mustafina, the Russian bronze medalist.
In the United States, Simone Biles performed in the equilibrium instrument on Thursday at the Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during the overall evaluation of women's artistic gymnastics.
Biles became the fourth and generally fifth American woman to receive a consecutive overall evaluation award and announced her name as her generation and perhaps the best of all time.
When the final total was released, he drowned in tears and the long journey to reach this destination came to an end.
This success was at the same level as athletes like Michael Phelps, who can be seen once in every generation that delivers the sport to new levels:
Biles has been one of the most successful of this sport with its stunning mix of ambition and tenderness that allowed him to call himself the 15th world championship medal of the last three years and the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton as "the best gymnast I have ever seen".
A final test in Brazil was waiting for him, not just between Biles and the other people in the field, but between the burden he and his big anticipates had created.
Texas would be seen as a disappointment to return to the family house in Spring with less than a handful of gold medals.
Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman from the United States, after having received gold and silver medals respectively in the overall evaluation of women's artistic gymnastics at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Brazil, Thursday, August.
Biles won on Tuesday when he was serving as an exclamation mark in the farewell party of the former retired national team co-ordinator Martha Karolyi.
Biles insists that he does not look forward to the summit this long, but that is not exactly true.
The part of the floor exercise routine, which has become an icon, is also prepared with Latin music that will perfectly fit the street just outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
This is not a coincidence.
The girl, discovered by Boorman's mother, became a force when she was adopted by her grandmother and grandfather as a younger child and was taken to a gymnasium coached by Aimee Boorman.
I have not lost any of the overall ratings since the summer of 2013, and this Biles is a series of wins to continue as long as they want.
Although Mustafina assumed leadership in two rotations, it was temporary.
The equilibrium tool and ground exercises that Biles has won the world championship have not been done yet.
The balance went ahead with 15,433 points in the tool and it crowned 15,933 points in the ground exercise.
Raisman graciously grabbed him when he waited for his final score, and tears appeared around the glowing red, white, and blue eye makeup, while his vision that Biles once wrote into a scrapbook was real.
Raisman's performance seemed like a rematch of his performance four years ago when he shared the fourth but then lost the bronze medal to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old captain of the Americans was named "nine".
From time to time, with a seemingly suspicious return, he sent a kiss to the crowd after ground exercise, which he received from his superiors.
For the 19-year-old Biles, the twisted tweet that he threw earlier this week is now completely new:
Police: 3 victims in the serial killer case were shot while listening to music on the car
Phoenix's first serial killer case for the past ten years, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot while listening to music and talking on the car, according to police reports posted on Thursday.
Officials said Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis' daughter Maleah were shot in the car parked on a garage road on June 12th.
The Raporda armed person is standing on the passenger side of the car and is fired eight times with a pistol and is being driven away by another vehicle.
Police say these three murders do not appear to be robberies because the attacker has not received adult handbags or $ 2,900 in victim's money.
Phoenix police spokesman, Assistant Commissioner Jonathan Howard, said the investigators of the armed assault led him to investigate whether it was linked to the previous four assaults.
In a four-month period, seven people were killed and two injured in a total of nine assaults in predominantly Spanish neighborhoods.
At the beginning of this month, Howard told Howard GIS affiliate KPHO, "This is in a residential area in front of a house."
Suspects are believed to have used a number of vehicles including a black Nissan in the late 1990s, a black BMW in the late 1990s, and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The researchers refused to disclose the evidence that the attacks were related to the same killer and that they were the result of the same killer.
Ellis (33) was hospitalized for injuries and then lost his life.
Liner (31) and Ellis's daughter, Maleah, lost their lives at the scene.
A person who witnessed this, the police said that listening to music by sitting on the parked cars was not unusual.
Authorities also issued a police report on the shooting at an empty truck half an hour before the three murders.
The researchers found bullet hives, a bullet from one arm and bullet particles in the engine compartment.
Mother of 6-year-old microcephaly patient: "It's getting better"
Like most six-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But contrary to his peers, Edmund has a microcephaly disorder, a genetic disorder in which his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, is not aware of her presence during her pregnancy.
When I first came home, my first thought was that I could not do it.
I can not do that.
I did not want that.
Of course, these are not true, of course you want it, "he said.
He and his wife Vincent were told that Edmund could never recognize them and could not even survive.
Some doctors went so far as to suggest that they should be admitted to the nursing home.
"The first reaction was to say that I do not think people are doing it anymore," Picciuto said.
Edmund can walk with the help of a walker.
Edmund could not sit up to the age of three or could not retire and still can not speak.
However, he is slowly reaching some turning points.
He can walk with help and he can bike.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund made up to say "please sing to me."
Picciuto told CBS News, "We teach him sign language."
But this is not a sign, as we know it, he says Edmund fits his own markings.
Microcephaly may arise from a number of different conditions, such as Edmund, which may be due to infections caused by viruses such as measles and Zika during pregnancy.
The symptoms and the course of the disease may vary greatly.
It's too early to tell how the lives of people with Zika infections will be affected.
Picciuto remembers the emotional burden of the ambiguity of the future.
I was constantly asking what would happen.
What will it be?
And he still does not know that.
Actually, I did not ask anyone to tell me really, so I did not ask a question about the long-running disease.
However, Picciuto is able to offer hopeful advice for mothers of babies who are born because of Zika.
It's getting better.
You know it will be better for you.
You will love your child, your child will love you too.
In Louisiana, Mississippi, heavy rains and flood rescue teams mobilized
Intensive rain and frequent floods in Louisiana led the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected until Saturday.
National Weather Service reported that there were overflows in countless rivers in Louisiana's north east and south of the Mississippi, creating a common flood hazard after heavy rainfall.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards stated that state officials are constantly in contact with local authorities and that support for affected communities is on the way.
The Governor's Office for Domestic Security and Emergency Preparedness Office spokesman Mike Steele said that there were requests for high water vehicles, boats and visors.
Steele stated that he was demanding tons of visors only for Tangipahoa neighborhood.
A flood attack on southern Louisiana will be implemented until Saturday.
Weather services have said that an additional 3 to 5 inches of rainfall can fall into a backwater area.
In southern Alabama, there was a flood watch on Saturday as the rain continued in the Mobile area.
Both the Comite River near Baton Rouge in Louisiana and the Amite River near Denham Springs are expected to reach record levels throughout the week.
Estimator Alek Krautmann said that both rivers could flood many houses in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also stated that the flow of water pressure in the Ascension Quarter was a threat because the flow of filled rivers to Maurepas Lake would be slow.
The River Tickfaw, located just south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, had already reached the highest level measured at 9 am Friday.
Rescue teams continue to rescue people from the floods in the Amite and Wilkinson accidents on the southwestern Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and step son, were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford (62) said that the waters coming from the Beaver Creek, which is normally 400 feet from home, rose rapidly during the night.
He stated that another step son who lived nearby warned him.
"I was woken and the water kept coming," Hansford said.
It was coming up to Belize.
His wife told Hansford that this was the highest level he had seen in his parents' house for 48 years.
Hansford said that he and his family members were disabled and that he was the only person to swim.
Hansford said that the emergency workers rescued the third of them with a large, military-style truck and took them to the fire station in Gloster on Friday.
Krautmann stated that the raids were "spreading rapidly" as the heavy rains continued and that the authorities thought that they would issue an evacuation order.
Krautmann said an observer near Livingston reported that it was raining 13.55 inches from midnight till Friday morning.
Krautmann said the floor has been highly saturated since Wednesday.
He said that authorities, heavy rains and flooded streets, the need to rescue residents of the Tangipahoa neighborhood, and the need for school vacations in five school districts.
GBS affiliate WWL, a member of a women's municipal council in Tangipahoa said that 200 houses were under water pressure.
The inhabitants were evacuated and taken to two churches, but now they are under water.
Neighborhood Officer Robby Miller said officials rescued 72 people and seven pets that were crippled by the rising waters.
Shelters were opened for those evacuated in Amite town and Hammond.
He said, "When the waters start to retreat, they will be allowed to return home."
In Hammond, Tangipahoa District, nearly two dozen avenues were closed due to rising waters, and visors were offered to be taken by residents trying to keep water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major flood we experienced was in March," said Lacy Landrum, the city's administrative officer.
This is going to be a similar event.
In Mississippi, Harrison's Emergency Manager Rupert Lacy said that the rain continued steadily along the Gulf Coast.
He said Tuesday that several houses were reported to have been flooded, but he said there was no notice in that direction until Friday.
Keith Townson, manager of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in this area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places I've never seen water before," he added, "and there is still rain."
Mahaj Brown, aged 6, who was "drilled through the body with bullets", survived the attack on Philadelphia
Police have announced that a 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, the second time a 6-year-old child was shot in the city this week.
CBS identified Mahaj Brown for Philadelphia as grandmother and grandfather.
Her grandmother and grandfather stated that Brown had more than one gunshot wound in her body, including the groin area, legs, arms and abdomen, but that her consciousness was in place when she was brought to the hospital.
His grandmother Delores Melendez said to the station: "He suffered a lot, his tiny body was bullet with bullets."
I can not believe this.
The boy was listed among those who guarded the child's critical condition at the hospital and passed some surgeries.
The family told the station that he was waiting for his recovery.
The first class in the local elementary school will begin.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown area.
Two of them were shot at 29 and two at 32.
CBS Philadelphia stated that one of the 29-year-old men was in critical condition and the other two victims were stable.
The station reported that the boy was shot in the front seat of a car with one of the critical 29-year-old men.
The other two victims were not in the car, and the police are investigating whether one of the wounded is aggressive.
Detectives have told CBS Philadelphia that more than one armed attacker may have fired at each other.
The crime scene was filled with bullet cases in the form of assault weapons of different assault weapons.
Apparently it has certainly been a long-term conflict.
There were hives on the street and on both sides of the curb.
This shows that there are multiple armed attackers and both are active, "said Philadelphia Commissioner Anthony Ginaldi at the station.
More houses and vehicles in the area were also damaged.
No arrests have been made and police have been reported to have examined security cameras.
A 6-year-old girl was shot in the arm with an accidental bullet while playing in front of her house in the West Oak neighborhood on Tuesday.
He is in the process of recovery and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
I put this name on this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and it has more than one reason.
First of all, I joined all Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
The second: This team has three gymnasts who inspire children with different ethnic backgrounds: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez.
The structure of this team, brought together by Jewish Aly Raisman and Catholic Madison Kocian, makes everybody proud.
The team eventually looks similar to America.
It also strengthens the presence of black and Latino women in the upper levels of this sport.
Over the past four years, the first female gymnast has always been an African-American.
In the past year, Simone and Gabby were in first and second place.
It's a powerful thing.
In the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion and America supported him.
Now the whole world can witness the extraordinary performances of gymnastics routines unexpectedly mastered by Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez with three world championships.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth consecutive American to win a gold medal in women's overall evaluation.
And his teammate Aly Raisman won a silver medal.
We are renowned for the best times of this sport, but this does not seem to be the case for gymnastics courses throughout the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie followed the same path as Aly and Madison to take part in the Olympic team.
The reason for being "The Last Five" is that there will be only four gymnasts in the next Olympic gymnastics team, which is the last year Marta Karolyi will coach.
But in reality gymnastics is a very costly sport and gymnasts are working primarily in private gymnastic clubs supported by parents' education, travel, form, competition, hotel fees (for coaches, gymnasts and families)
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in wealthy suburban neighborhoods where they can support these businesses.
These clubs are the only place where gymnasts can receive training and require costly and long-term commitment to the families of gymnasts.
Simone Biles's coach Aimee Boorman and Laurie Hernandez's coach Maggie Haney have been training these athletes since the day they started gymnastics.
For countless young girls affected by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, we do not offer more affordable and accessible gym training to communities.
I founded my own gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, we have offered free and low cost gymnastics training for over 15,000 gyms (primarily black and Hispanic) in the city centered on Harlem and coached both national and international champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (where I grew up) to offer quality gym training to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this wonderful Olympic sport.
Gymnastics improves the strength, flexibility and coordination of the body and provides mental rigor, discipline and stability.
This combination offers long-term benefits for health, school and job success.
It will be an inspiration for this team that will direct thousands of young girls to gymnastics and that's great.
Participation in sports activities is especially important for girls.
We pass through really exciting times.
Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for bringing the gold medal as an Olympic team and expressing the "Girl's Power" clearly and motivating many young girls with different backgrounds to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
After Jeremy Hunt's offer was rejected, resident doctors decided to resume strikes
The ministers hoped that the dispute would come to an end after a consensus on the contract was signed with the British National Legislative Officers, but 58 percent of the 37,000 assistant doctors who participated in the vote gave a rejection.
In July, Mr. Hunt announced plans to implement sanctions on the contract, stating that the NHS was "no one's property" and that further delays would harm personnel and illness.
The first assistant physician group was transferred to a new contract that includes changes to work practices at night and on weekends to improve care outside normal hours.
"The assistant doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, especially considering that it will trigger the current workforce crisis and that an equal attitude is not being adopted by all doctors," said Dr. Ellen McCourt, head of the BMA's assistant doctors committee.
Only eight weeks before the first doctor group gets transferred to the new contract, progress needs to be made and the time is running out.
The BMA's efforts to resolve the dispute have been met with the government's reluctance to interact and in some cases with deafening silence.
This is an improvement despite Jeremy Hunt's promise that last month's door will always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act immediately, lift sanctions, and listen to the concerns of assistant doctors."
The assistant doctors clearly state that they are prepared to increase work slowdown activities if they do not do so.
At the end of April, the last strike, nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments were postponed, nurses and consultants had to look after the doctors on strike.
The ministers hoped that the dispute would come to an end after a mutual agreement was reached on the improved contract with the British Legislative Officers.
The BMA is asking for 54,000 resident doctors to improve their weekend rates.
NHS Employers executive board manager Daniel Mortimer called on assistant doctors to apply any strike.
Mr Mortimer said: "The strike does not solve anything, but it creates pressure on already intense teams and services, causing concern, discomfort and distress for patients, caregivers and their families."
For the past two months we have been in talks with the Assistant Doctors Committee and have positively approached our concerns with the Ministry of Health and other authorities regarding the Observation Task and Prospecting.
Employers were hopeful that it was a sign that employers were being taken seriously by the UK's Ministry of Medical Education and Health to ensure that positive communication with the BMA in the months to November, February and May is maintained, including important issues - distribution, training flexibility, additional training for career breaks, training costs, curriculum mutual recognition, training inducement and enviable salary difference between sexes.
Medication that can lift the risk of a heart attack at a cost of £ 2 per day
Thousands of heart attack patients will be able to benefit from a drug costing £ 2 a day, after the authorities have suggested that they be given more personalities for longer periods.
Ticagrelor, which prevents clotting, reduces the risk of recurring crises for people with heart problems.
The medication was administered during the 12 months following the heart attack and was reducing the risk of stroke or another crisis.
The NHS observer, NICE, suggested that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now the NHS observer, NICE proposed that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Every year about 140,000 people in the UK are experiencing a heart attack, and one in four is experiencing another crisis or stroke.
The cause of heart attacks and strokes is the accumulation of fat deposits and plaque on arterial walls.
If the plaque breaks down, it can cause blood clots, block heart disease, and cause a heart attack.
And if the clot gets out of place, it will paralyze if it blocks the flow of blood to the brain by going through the bloodstream.
Those who have had a crisis before are at a higher risk of having another crisis.
Created by the UK firm AstraZeneca under the trade name Brilique, Ticagrelor reduces this risk by reducing clot probability.
The NICE guidelines draft today recommends that people give 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months and then 60 mg twice a day for three years with aspirin.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE health technology assessment center, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention therapies, a quarter of those who have had a heart attack are experiencing another heart attack or stroke and are often destructive."
Fear of recurrence can have a very negative impact on a person's quality of life.
The evidence suggests that co-administration of ticagrelor with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of recurrent heart attacks and stroke in people who have had a heart attack earlier.
We are pleased that Ticagrelor has been offered on a temporary basis and has increased the treatment options offered to thousands of people waiting to benefit from it.
Since more than three years of information on the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor is limited - mainly at risk of bleeding, the guidelines draft does not propose treatment after this period.
PC culture has increased vote corruption in Muslim areas
Former Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman dismissed for corruption after last year's government report
As the devastating government report presented today shows, the culture of political correctness has led to the oversight of broad-based corruption in Muslim communities.
Former Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles scolded the policemen, election observers and the municipal court because evidence of abuse of election was ignored because of "extreme sensitivity to ethnic origin and religion".
The former community secretary and today's anti-corruption victim, the voters' reliance on religious grounds, must be allowed to strip the voting cabin out of the voting cabinets in order to protect the frightened voters from such a bad level.
He suggested voters to keep their identities in order to prove their identity at the time they voted.
In the present case, it is enough to say the name and address of the voter.
The report even suggests permanent inking on the finger during voting to prevent people from voting twice.
Sir Eric said that those who were present should be better protected.
He called for better access to the Board's decisions and decisions on informal committees or working groups.
"This not only protects against fraud in the elections, it also aims to protect the local government from the corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it," he said.
The report was prepared at the direction of Downing Street after Tower Hamlets' vote scandal in East London.
In the past year, a special election court has decided to take over the mayor, Lutfur Rahman, after repeated corruption and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman "abused unfairly" the religious feelings of the Muslim community and silenced him with racism and Islamophobia accusations.
Rahman's "campaign is based on the belief that Muslims vote for him is a religious duty."
Up to 300 games were suspicious or the use of false identity, the result of voting as someone else.
Sir Eric stated that there was evidence of fraud in the country.
He warned about corruption, especially in postal polling - where the elderly people of the Muslim community were allegedly oppressing the vote of their chosen people.
Sir Eric has made some suggestions for organizing a system of voting, including the identification of people to prove who they are
The report contained the following statements: "There was evidence that some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, especially the Pakistani and Bangladeshi communities, were pressured to vote for the will of the elderly.
"Concerns existed that state institutions ignored such behavior because of" political correctness "based on extreme sensitivity to ethnicity and religion.
Sir Eric had 50 proposals for organizing the system, including preventing mail and voting documents from being processed by political activists for the purpose of "collecting votes".
The report, investigated by Theresa May, also calls for tightening of enrollment checks to prevent the electoral roll from being used for immigration and social aid corruption purposes.
Considering the option of voters voting before voting.
Permanent ink applied to someone's fingers after voting to prevent someone from voting twice.
Systematic controls on the nationality of the person to determine the suitability of voting.
Three-year limitation on requests for automatic mail voting.
Prohibition of political campaigners and activists to process the envelopes of the completed post and the mailed post votes.
Police, the authority to withdraw lanes around the voting cabinets.
Amendment of the law to facilitate the accusation of scandal within the scope of the People's Representative Act of 1983.
Making photographs illegal in voting booths.
Only English speaking (except for Wales) in the voting booths.
Strengthening the training of the staff on enforcing the rule for voters to enter the cabinet alone.
Sir Eric criticized the Police Service ruthlessly, saying that it was "interesting" that no charges were made in Tower Hamlets.
"The election court ruled that Lutfur Rahman and his representative had no place to blame for repeated corruption and illegal activities," he said.
He was guilty of a number of reasons beyond reasonable suspicion - according to the nature of the eschatological evidence.
He also criticized the municipal court's ineffective "tick marking controls" in the electoral registers.
Sir Eric said: "Tower Hamlets' court decision last year was a warning alert.
Although our nation has the pride of creating the mother of parliament, the spread of these worrisome and secret electoral corruption and its rejection by some institutions may cause this good reputation to be damaged.
Being crazy for Kate's other similar celebrities like the cyclist-like and Rio Olympic Players
This week, the Rio 2016 Olympics fascinated French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, whose passion proved impressive to the Duchess of Cambridge.
However, the 24-year-old Olympic athlete is not the only athlete who draws attention to the celebrities when they fight for the gold medal this summer, at least that's what social media thinks.
For this reason, in honor of all the famous celebrities we have seen in Rio Games and on our screens, FEMAIL has prepared a list of Olympic athletes who look more like Hollywood celebrities than they look.
Hunter and wolf: US Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison (left), compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood
In addition to Kate's similar to the bicycle track, many in the online environment showed that an archer might look like a twin to Leonardo DiCaprio.
Brady Ellison, a member of the US Men's Archery Team, shook Twitter after photographs showing the similarity of the Monster Hunter to the star of Filmin.
And the archer realized this madness in social media and confessed to him that he was like Leo since childhood.
Brady said to the Huffington Post: 'I do not think there is a great similarity except for hair and beard.'
'He's a handsome guy, so I guess that's a compliment.'
One of London 2012's most popular comparisons, no doubt, will draw even more attention this year: the incredible resemblance to British long-jump athlete Greg Rutherford's popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with his big, meaningful eyes and the Cuban-born American artist Gloria Estefan, is said to be the one.
And in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been likened to Glee's star Matthew Morrison for years.
Amendment: This user is an 'athletic version' of Nathan's Starring star
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett are long compared to each other because of their lush eyebrows and the similarity of their lips.
The Russian team's silver medal swimmer has the same bronze skin and blond hair as the actress Annalynne McCord, while fans of the US Team say Nathan Adrian resembles the athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.
Tough women: Soccer star Hope Solo (on the left) and Dexter's star Jennifer Carpenter (on the right) have a similar face shape and eyes
Not alone: He was a Twitter user, and he was very happy that no other person noticed this similarity
An airborne theory: This user feels that there may be a reason behind the fact that this couple looks like
A Twitter user carried the happiness he heard about "the rest of the internet thinking that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are like twins."
Actually, the US football star and the actress who plays in Dexter have similar face shapes and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include the almost identical smile of Kerri Walsh-Jennings and actress Laura Linney with another golden-eyed gymnast Gabby Douglas and the big smiles of Gabrielle Union, the youthful fire filminin star Gabrielle Union.
CBC Olympic spokesperson apologizes for commenting on the Chinese swimmer 's death as a pig
Byron MacDonald's analysis of Ai Yanhan's 4th place in the 4x200m free race at the age of 14 led the CBC to be very angry with the audience on Wednesday's live Olympic broadcast
The Canadian publishing company CBC was forced to apologize for commenting on one of her commentators that the 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer had "wiped off like a bad smell" and that she was "killed like a pig" on the race.
Interviewer Byron MacDonald thought the microphone was off when women began to explain their ideas in the 4x200 m free relay race final.
It was heard that MacDonald, who was included to add 'color' to the CBC's announcer team, said: 'The little Chinese at the age of 14 had a big bang, my baby.'
He was too excited, wiped out like a bad smell and killed like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese Swimmer Ai Yanhan (14) finished second in the flag race for 1: 57.79, allowing him to stay behind the Canadian Taylor Rack 1,61 seconds, closing the gap between Canadians and China.
Canadian viewers moved quickly after being surprised by the tone and language used
Emmett Macfarlane "The CBC spiker just tweeted that his 14-year-old was" like a pig ".
He's retarded, he did not realize he was still on the air. '
Chinese Ai Yanhan is described in the 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay as follows: 'The little Chinese at the age of 14 had a heavy blow, my baby.'
Criticisms about Byron MacDonald were published on Twitter quite harshly and quickly, and many of them were self-reported
Twitter users could not help themselves when they heard how insensitive Byron Macdonald was
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow #ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada, and you make us all look racist.
Soon after, Scott Russel, who continued the publication of the CBC, apologized for MacDonald's comment: 'We apologize for the comment posted on the swimming race.'
These were really unfortunate words, and we are sorry that such an event happened. '
CBC had to apologize at least 90 times for those who tweeted in reaction to the comment
Another spokesman, Scott Russel, was forced to apologize for MacDonald's
CBC then copied and pasted this apology to more than 90 Twitter users who submitted complaints about MacDonald's comments
The network quickly apologized and issued a statement.
These expressions have been made and we would like to express our sincere regret over the fact that they have been broadcast.
We sincerely apologized to our followers last night, on the air, from our followers on Social Media.
We want to explain that Byron's comments were not about the personality of his swimming, but about his performance.
However, these were words that were quite inappropriate and unfortunate, and Byron was extremely upset about what he said.
On Thursday, after lunch, MacDonald also apologized and said he did not want to make a personal attack and attempted to defend these words.
He said in the CBC's Olympic publication, "I want to apologize for the comments I made after the women's relay race last night."
"I was at the point of performance, not the personality of my cheek."
"I do not need to say much, I do not want to disrespect and I am very sorry."
Primark customer, anger at the middle of the store trying to carelessly underwear
The customers did not know what to do when a woman pulled out her clothes to try the panties on the store floor in the middle of Primark.
Even worse, the woman looked at how she looked at herself, pulled out and raped it again.
He continued to look and later found four pairs of lingerie at the Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkestone.
The place where the woman tried the panties before raffling was the Primark store in the Bouverie Place mall in Folkestone
Jenny Davidson, the mother of two children at the store, said after the mysterious woman tried her underwear that she "went back to the store without buying anything".
He said: 'People could not believe their eyes.'
He stopped in the middle of the store and took a panty from the window, putting on his pantyhose and pants and putting it on.
'He did not look for a special place to do this, he was in the middle of all disrespect.'
'Everyone was looking at him while he was pulling the panties and it seemed he did not like the panties because he put rafa again.'
After deciding that he did not like anything, he tried three more clothes and then dressed again and left the store.
'He did not seem to care about those who followed him, and he did not think about the person who would buy the panties he'd later bought.'
Ms. Davidson (33), who lives in the town, said: 'How disgusting it is to think that someone who is worn by someone else, an unclean blanket, will take it and go home.'
This event took place after lunch on Tuesday.
Mrs. Davidson added: 'I think that the staff finds out the clothes after it leaves, so it's a good thing.'
'When I took a new panties and went home, it would be really bad to think that someone else put on their panties and came to me without washing. "
A Primark spokesperson said: 'Primark is aware of what's happening in our store in Folkestone on Tuesday, August 9th.'
The related product has been removed from the sale.
How can you protect yourself from armed attacks with Krav Maga
The outside world is pretty dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com can help you become more secure.
I interviewed Rhon Mizrachi, the chief master of the New York-based Krav Maga Federation, to learn how to handle nearby armed robbers.
Whether you are approaching you from the front or from behind, this video will show you how you can turn the situation against the sordid.
Mizrachi tells you that when you approach from behind you turn your face in the face you need to do first and see the attacker and 'empty the line of fire'.
Then hold the weapon between your forearm and your shoulder and face with your open elbow.
Later, when you kneel on your groin, the aggressor's pain will go up to two levels and you will take it by hand by turning the gun and you will face your face in such a way that the gun is facing towards it and the back of the gun is above the gun.
When the gunman approaches from the front, a similar technique is applied, pulling your body out of the line of fire and turning the gun into a way that the attacker can not fire.
At the same time, giving your weight to the silo, punch the attacker in the chest area, turn the gun and pick it up and point it at him.
Is the ear ringing?
Take a look at the video to see how Mizrachi does it.
But remember, if you are not a Krav Maga master, the safest way to avoid every siege is to rob your money.
Traveler Ian Wright drove her language to the most dirty places in Europe for travel guide
The British traveler licked some of Europe's most filthy and disgusting places and passed a serious test of his immune system and tingling reflex.
The server and travel writer, Suffolk Ian Wright (51), drove a Euro banknote, a Piccadily Circus handrail, a flush button of a train toilet, and a payphone in Russia to prove the power of the immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a luminometer to show him and what kind of work he was involved with.
However, the experiment, which will be transformed into a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, gave some surprising results.
Although it is extremely disgusting to think of licking a trendy siphon button used by thousands of people, there are actually more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Mr. Wright interviewed doctors and medical specialists regarding the growth and health of stomach bacteria throughout his European tour.
Luckily nothing licked had any effect other than the bad taste left in his mouth.
Mr. Wright was recognized by touring the world and testing the durability of mides by eating strange and wonderful things.
This task, ranging from general railings at railway stations to toilet flush buttons, has definitely tested the immune system
In the film about it, he said: 'I have not been very careful of health since childhood and I have cried many things from the earth, to the worms and muddy water.'
During the film, it proved the reason for this reputation with certainty.
The only thing he refused was a filthy public toilet in Russia.
The swamp sample showed a luminometer count above 4000 units.
If you have to compare it, you need to be under 60 of this number in newly washed hands.
However, when the luminometer count was below 60 in the newly washed hands, a Russian public toilet was refused to lick when it exceeded 4000 units
Mr Wright and Fin da dairy producers Valio took on the filmmaking of The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, which shows the number of bacteria in different places such as the bathroom
He said in the film: 'It's close to being one of the worst things I smell in a toilet.'
Nothing can be more dirty than that!
I can not lick anything since it's disgusting inside.
The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was prepared in conjunction with fin dairy producer Valio.
The company provided Mr. Wright with lactic acid bacteria, as well as Valio Gefilus, containing vitamins C and D, which help strengthen gastric bacteria and the immune system.
Niko Vuorenmaa, Valio's Senior Vice President of Snacks, Fruit Juices and New Categories, said: "We really wanted to present something new to the consumer.
The monitoring is impressive, and at the same time it will explain the benefits of probiotics.
We finally made a lot of crazy brain storms that came up with the idea of "search for Ian Ian."
They claim that the interest in stomach health has become a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we want to put a much greater context in our products, the good and bad bacteria on our daily basis, the prevalence of stomach health and its connection with the immune system.
The interest in stomach health has become a global phenomenon, and with this documentary we will be able to give consumers more information on this in an interesting way.
At the same time I think Filmin shows us that we have a great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added: "I would say that Ian had lost some respect for him if he had lived like something in the film like the disgusting Russian toilet."
Naturally it is easy for Ian to bite some things, but some of them were quite difficult.
I am happy to have received some of these dirty licking actions. '
In a survey conducted by Valio in 2015, 84 percent of respondents said they linked lactic acid bacteria with stomach health and 58 percent said they used products containing lactic acid bacteria at least intermittently.
Maganda family destroyed social housing in Saltash, Cornwall before evacuation
A maganda family left 50,000 pounds worth of damage to the social housing where they were evicted because they feared their neighbors.
After many complaints about Tanya Skeldon and his wife Shaun Trebilcock, Saltash was kicked out of the house in Cornwall.
When they were forcibly removed, the housing association was surprised to see that the authorities were in irreparable condition.
There were large holes in the walls, floor boards were dismantled, garbage was scattered, and wall writings were written on the walls.
The family is now removed from housing and is thought to have benefited from private accommodation options
Donna McEvoy, Cornwall Housing housing manager, said she was afraid the situation was unrecoverable.
He said: 'This is really a nightmare for those here, and I think that people should not have to live this way.
There is so much that needs to be taken into account because this property will now be known as a very unpleasant part of Cornwall.
This family has a bad reputation and the names have a bad reputation.
The family had three sons who lived in the interim, and according to the police, the family had adopted many frightening behaviors including fighting with the baseball bat in the street, scaring nearby residents, drug use, drug sales and excessive screaming, debate and disbelief.
In June, an antisocial behavior decision was made for Skeldon (47), whose name is on the Kira contract.
The house, which is thought to be destroyed, has old trashes in many rooms
In the past, the property was sold out of the drug store floor boards were removed
Neighbors said they saw they were fighting on the street and police were often called
Cornwall Housing evicted him and his wife forcibly this week after giving them 11 weeks to extend their voluntary relocation.
The evacuation process was met with joy by the relieved neighbors who told them that their lives had turned to nightmare.
One person said: 'Nobody cares.'
We have been living side by side with them for 20 years and the situation has always been bad.
If we tell you how many times we've seen cops here, you can not believe it.
'This morning, we could not sleep.'
We were woken up because it was so quiet, we are not used to it!
At last, everything will be great now.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbor Sanctions Officer of Cornwall Housing, said the family did not cooperate with the local government.
The family had been living in this house for 20 years and the property was often called the police
Garbage and old toys were thrown to the side covered with plants of social housing
He added: 'It is really embarrassing that the tenant does not assume any responsibility for the eviction of himself and his family, and evacuation has always been the last resort of Cornwall Housing.
This was a very difficult occasion, as the behavior was excessive and the actions were frightening enough that neighbors would not have to witness.
I appreciate the efforts of my team, the Devon and the Cornwall Police, and the members of the community brave to give us information.
I hope this development will be understood as a message that neighbors will provide some relief and that antisocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Mr. Fitzpatrick said that at different times he had three sons who lived in the property but that they were in their 20s.
After the evacuation, one of the bedrooms of the house was left on the floor with a dirty bed
Housekeeping workers will have to clean up the rubbish piles surrounding the house
In 2014, the police found 70 grams of cannabis, weighing scales, special items and £ 1,700 cash on property.
Skeldon was sentenced to fines after accepting the offense of possession of Class B drugs with intent to sell.
He claimed that he would use the money to buy a tombstone for his son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After being homeless, it became clear that Tanya and her husband were now in a private residence in Plymouth.
Most of the rooms of the house had wall writings on the walls.
Police stated that they will work to evacuate tenants who violate the tenancy rules
Angela Crow of Devon and the Cornwall Police Force said it was a warning for other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
He said, 'This is a message for those who think they can behave as they want without facing any accusation, and for those who think their behavior will be wasted.'
Devon and the Cornwall Police Force, which will continue to work with their partners to protect the community, will never tolerate suicidal and antisocial behavior.
Tourists in Portugal have fallen in disgust as the airplane flying over the water just crossed the beach
Tourists sunbathing in Aveiro, Portugal, experienced the shock of their lives
Portuguese air force P-3C Orion's flight was extremely low
The air force said it was a training flight but insisted there was no safety risk
This is the moment when tourists start to panic as they cross over the jet-laden jet-lagged beach.
In dramatic scenes, a military aircraft approaching the level of sun exposure on the sand in Aveiro, north of Portugal, is seen.
The holidaymakers came to a standstill because they worried about the noise generated by the jet engines without seeing what was coming towards them from the clouds.
The event, yesterday afternoon, took place in Costa Nova near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the few holidaymakers who share his dramatic close-up video on social media, said: 'It's really been a couple of times and looks like it's about to hit at some point.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I was surfing and I swear I felt like the plane was going to fall.'
Tourists on the beach in Aveiro, when the plane from inside the darkness started flying at extremely low altitude, the horror fell
The Portuguese Air Force announced today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion plane is on training flight to identify the fishing boats on the beach and has to travel so far from there that it is the only way to control them.
Because of the low visibility due to the smoke coming out of the nearby power-of-fire, the jet said it would fly lower than normal, but the air force insisted that no one's safety had been put in jeopardy.
This summer, extinguished fires have destroyed certain parts of Portugal's mainland, causing the death of four in the name of Madeira.
The Portuguese air force stated that today the pilot must fly away from the situation due to the difficult conditions (heavy fog and smoke from the extinguishing power fires)
The plane was in training flight and was asked to identify pilottan fishing boats as part of the exercise
London girl who participated in ISID was killed in Syria
It is reported that Kadiza Sultana, one of the three English girls who left London to join the ISID in the past year, died in Syria.
Attorney Tasnime Akunjee stated that his family received information about Rakka, the death in Syria a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported Thursday that he was killed in a Russian air strike on the Rakka region, where his group is strong in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old and died in a plan to escape from the war-torn country and return to Britain, according to his family.
Akunjee "We hope that this situation will stress that it is really risky to go to war zones as a tombstone and will for others, and that people will break the courage to make this choice."
In February 2015, two sisters from Sultana and eastern London boarded a plane to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that he married an ISİD warrior in Syria and remained widowed in months.
Reid said he would not give up Garland as a candidate for the Supreme Court if Clinton was elected
Leader of Democrats in Senate Harry Reid said he believes Democrats presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court if he is elected president.
Republicans in the Senate have been hampering Garland's ratification process since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell stated that the new Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia will replace the new president.
In a video interview Thursday, Reid said he believes Clinton will choose Garland and "for what it is."
Later, a spokesman for Reid said he had not spoken directly with Clinton and was speculating that he would not nominate Garland.
He hurt Garland and said Clinton's team did not want to "break the current situation" by making a new choice.
Garland, chief judge of the US Court of Appeals in Columbia.
Reid stated that Republicans, who prevented Garland from nominating him, were "stooges" and "pros" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He said Trump was not fit for the mission.
Treats stated that he was favored by a naked calendar, 'as much for men as for women'
The Treats magazine is working with the photographer David Bellemere to publish a calendar prepared for the year 2017, inspired by the Pirelli of the 1970s.
But instead of celebrities and naked people, they are trying to find a new generation top models for the 2017 NU Inspirational Percy calendar.
The head of the Treats, Steve Shaw, said earlier this year that the nudity magazine is different from the old Playboy, because "Playboy is for men."
I do this for women.
Obviously he believes the calendar is the way it is.
Shaw said in a press release about the calendar, "We need to go back to exhibiting classical nudity, which is not out of fashion, so that women, like women, can easily look at these images as a source of inspiration."
Women are going to want to be a part of this project because they are a beautiful piece of art.
Models can send photos online or participate in open calls in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinyl target: Who are the real buyers of the record?
Middle aged, lonely men love vinyl.
Let me tell you that this statement is based on the truthfulness before going to the commentary section to make great insults underneath your man.
According to YouGov, the return of plaques, which is a subject of much betting, is a result of middle age nostalgia, not of the Y belt following the innovation created by a physical object.
Most recently vinyl album buyers are between 45 and 54 years old.
As a matter of fact, the 18-24 age group is the least likely.
This is also not only due to the accumulation of enthusiasts, but also has an emotional appeal, older vinyl buyers generally enjoying their emotions (56% and 53%) and those who enjoy being alone (69% and 66%).
Are the results of Mr. YouGov correct?
If this blog was a news story on television, the camera would watch as he walked in a crowded courtyard of Soho, walking in a modest gray suit, displaying a lot of gestures before stopping, and then tying his hands together and then saying something authoritarian like: "Let's have a look."
Well, let's have a look.
As Soho's center slowly loses its charm and extraordinary air (once the independent retailers are now occupied with hotels, Eats, Prets and Paperchases), there are still a few specialist record stores.
I would probably ask for the next part to stop at the cameras, where I stood near the different men in some of these stores and tried to get information about their age and emotional state through observation.
Stuart (55) from Glasgow, who followed Sister Ray (data count: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (data count: eight middle-aged men, probably a 20 year old woman), spends the afternoon for a meeting in London and is browsing the store to fill a few empty hours.
I'm asking if it's a collector.
"I think it is," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plaques.
The picture above these plaques adorn the walls of the living room (I sent the picture to me by e-mail, I did not follow it to my house).
The reason for the accumulation of so many albums and singles is that it is partly a result of disposable income, it can take the records that money is not enough for the first time, and it can buy back what they have sold during their young and broke.
"Most of what I get says that at the beginning of the '60s, at the beginning of the' 70s, when I was 11 or 12 years old, I was too young to get it," he says.
He agrees that placards are more likely to be inward-looking people who love to be alone and add: "I do not smoke or drink too much alcohol.
This is my bad habit.
Wez (25), who works at Sister Ray, thinks that most of the customers he has met are profiled YouGov.
But he also notices that the new wave that is influenced by the exaggerated advertisements on the media, and those who heard that the fashion came back, needed to buy back old plaques.
At the negotiations I made, I understood that in 1998 or 1999, normally, people stripped off their collections.
Customers who previously sold vinyls to buy CDs now sell CDs to get back the records, "he says.
This may explain the increase in people of a certain age who are revitalizing the vineyard.
What about the alleged emotional preoccupation of the plaques?
It takes a few moments to realize that in a store like Phonica, plaque shops offer a comforting community of similar persons.
According to Wez, some older customers were particularly offended by the contactless payment system.
Some vinyl buffs may want to take shelter in the stability of familiar plaque covers reminiscent of the overwhelming youthful memories of the digital world.
Wez says, "Sometimes it may be to fill a gap or see material goods as a kind of comfort."
I myself have a collector as well as I have this and I think most people are well.
It's an easy way to fill your head.
"We're like social workers," says a colleague who is leaping from a stack of records.
A survey in April revealed that 50% of vinyl albums in the past month have not yet heard the album.
The survey also showed that 41% had never bought a vinyl and 7% had purchased vinyl in the absence of a record label.
At this stage of the news, I was very anxious to look at a series of bossa nova compositions.
The "reward" aspect of this return is also noticed by Jonny (42), who works in the Sounds of Universe (data count: three middle-aged men).
"Soon somebody came to me and said:" I do not have a record label, but I want to get a Radiohead plaque to put in my shelf. "
Although it does not represent a large percentage, it certainly reflects the current situation.
More products, less music.
There are those who say: "No recordings."
These are not old people, young people, those who are at the end of their decades, new entrants to this topic.
Now that I've had Fopp, which has now almost entirely separated a solid for vinyl, I see that the lock is quite variable.
There are couples, photographers, young boys and middle-aged women in their 70s.
It is good to see the diversity among the customers even though the atmosphere is spreading from sex shops above (the last part of Wild Beast) to less serene and loud than jazz with loudspeakers.
None seem to be particularly lonely, but it is difficult to resolve the psychological traumas that disturb them by standing for longer than 30 seconds with someone.
Elanora (27) walks in Fopp for a few minutes and looks at the records at the bottom.
Instead of spending it, she just came out to look at the showcases.
He says he does not have the option of making a record collection because he does not earn much.
Very costly.
It's easier to listen to music on the computer or in other ways, but the beauty of vinyl is ... "Like a loving person, he sighs.
I do not know how to explain it, it's really not like that.
The last stop is a store that is said to inspire the next generation of vinyl's passions: Urban Outfitters.
While observing jeans, I observe a group of young girls gathering around Polaroid cameras for a while before a father and daughter argue about buying a Crosley record player.
There's a stairwell filled with records from Solda Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac, a must-have record for an average collection, a mix of modern and classic.
Nobody looks, maybe they are just for decoration purposes, some are too high to be touched.
It's a completely "artistic vinyl".
However, the curiosity about this item may mean that the industry will make more money and send fewer customers to the depths of Soho, there are not many issues to complain about.
It is not surprising that a demographic group with more money and time in the majority spends more money on more luxurious items like vinyl.
My findings, however, show that YouGov's results are at least as accurate at Soho's record stores as they do not count the number of female collectors and vinyl enthusiasts who are actually in record stores or online forums.
These people are probably working very hard at school or in offices.
These people certainly do not spend their Thursday evenings escaping the sight of a 30-year-old fake television host, staring at record stores on Berwick Street, examining the records and looking over the shoulders of middle-aged men who have never heard of anything.
Greenland shark, the longest living vertebrate living in the world - video news
Scientists have explained that the Greenland shark has the longest life span in the planet's vertebrates.
Julius Nielsen, who works on the sharks, stated that the record belongs to a five-meter-long dentition, thought to be between 272 and 512 years old
French court rejects proposal to demolish stores in Jungle refugee camp
A court in France rejected the proposal made by the Calais authorities to demolish dozens of competing stores and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees lived.
At the court hearing this week, Calais officials argued that the government should destroy a total of 72 shelters, which sells many items from camp to cigarettes to energy drinks, hair cuts or tea for 50 cents (40p) or basic meals for a few euros.
The Governor of Calais argued that these places had to be demolished because they created a parallel economy of unpaid taxes and risked fire and hygiene.
Helpful groups have stated that the court is vital for shops and restaurants, and that free food offered by state-sponsored organizations and other groups is not sufficient for the growing population of the camp.
Grocery stores and restaurants often offer shelter and free food to people in need.
A court in Lille stated that there were no legal grounds for deporting people who operated 72 gross merchandise shops, but the concerns of the Governor of Calais were "completely understandable".
Judge Jean-François Mulla stated that groceries, cafes and restaurants play a much larger role than simply nourishing people who live "in extremely dangerous conditions".
He stated that these areas provide comfortable meeting points for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places under risk of collapse is the not-for-profit Jungle Book for Children Café, offering 200 meals every day, offering English and French lessons, where hundreds of minors are given advice on refugee asylum.
More than 170,000 people signed a petition to protect this cage for children.
In a letter to the Guardian, this closure was said to be "a disaster for some of the children who are eight years old."
Two charitable institutions, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, predicted Friday that the number rose to more than 9.000 (the highest ever today) in the population at Jungle camp after increasing arrivals in summer.
In the Fiji mastery class, Britain was dominated by the silver medal in the rugby seventh championship
The impressive progress of Great Britain's Rugby 7 championship ended in a final on Thursday with Fiji after a 43-7 defeat at Rio Deodoro Stadium.
Fiji gave master classes on grip, rust, side step, support, running lines and muscle strength to get the gold medal, the first Olympic medal in every color.
After the defeat, Britain received the third silver medal of the day as a not so bad consolation award and could now be proud of their efforts in the Olympic 7 Opening Tournament, which they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
At the beginning of the day, they could have found them in the finals after the South African Team, who crushed 7-5 in the semi-finals.
But Fiji, which was so formidable, could even beat a team of 15.
Although not very believable, perhaps Britain can find comfort at least one British looking for a gold medal tomorrow: Fiji's chief coach, Ben Ryan, an Englishman from Wimbledon.
This was a very challenging journey for Great Britain.
Eight ways ago, when they worked with Ryan they lost every game in the Adelaide Sevens Championship.
This time, only one is lost.
Although this disgrace is painful, the progress shown is truly astonishing.
Fiji made a fascinating start, players bounced over the attempts of Great Britain to take the ball.
It seemed to run between Captain Tom Mitchell and his team for a series of moving busses, and when the World Series champions, Osea Kolinisao, moved in from the corner, they advanced 5-0.
On the fourth minute, Jerry Tuwai faced with another number of right-handed flanks.
The match was 12-0 and Great Britain could hardly touch the ball.
Mitchell's great intervention, like the mountain, prevented Leone Nakarawa from throwing the third, but it was only delaying the number of Fiji.
On the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua scored in the right-hand corner and United Kingdom fell 17-0.
With only one minute left in the first half, Nakarawa came all over again and made another number.
Later Vatemo Ravouvou flew straight for the number, passing through some of the toughest British interventions.
With this number, the score between the circuit reached 29-0.
A team that was set up to play in the Fiji 7 championship, Great Britain seemed to be trying to learn the basics of business yet.
This is more or less the case.
Great Britain made major changes between the circuit and closed the Fiji dam, which lasted four minutes, which was a good development compared to the first half, until Josua Tuisova came out on stage with the perfect Fiji game.
Dan Norton had a trial for Great Britain and tried to score the left-hand corner to score 36-7, but the fans of the game were in the hands of the South Sea Islands singing, flagging and dancing.
It was really hard not to admire Fiji's cheerful approach from start to finish.
Maa Viliame worshiped the last additions to the Fiji game, which did not have to be dressed in the last minute.
When the whistle struck, the Fijian started the celebration and Great Britain held the way to the locker room as it suffered.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in the semi-finals, while Great Britain faced South Africa in a tough semi-final encounter, with Britain leading the way.
Kyle Brown put forward the South African team in the first half, but Dan Norton took the lead in the second half with dizzy feet.
Anthony's brother Marcus Watson, who is in the top 15 of England, has won a great victory and a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning are inspired by their coach's battle with cancer
In these games there will be no more emotional gold medals, which has an important meaning.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning realized that the moment they won the gold in Estacio da Lagoa could be much more meaningful.
Although there were two shoemakers, three on the boat, the women were the first women to reach such a level in Britain this year in the double race, while Robin Williams, the voice of her coach Robin Williams, was echoing on the boat as they progressed to the second gold Olympic medal in succession.
Their sovereignty was clear, it was their 39th race of unprecedented invincibility.
Although we see two great athletes floating on the surface in swan elegance, this image does not exactly reflect the quality of the victory.
Behind each rowing gold medal, there is a battalion of willing hands that provide the incremental gains that make this difference, and no hand was as effective as a coach who did not know if he would live to see this day when cancer was diagnosed 30 months ago.
As he said, they are tangled and gone.
I got caught in the kind of bladder cancer that could be intervened surgically and they did it.
If they do not do it, they go everywhere.
That would be a pretty bad situation.
It changes your vision a little bit.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was very lucky that he could start treatment outside of the season, early 2014, so it is not known if this is the case, but this distraction will be the least.
I had to pay for it, so I had to recover quickly.
It was an incentive for me.
I was at the hospital and walked 6, 9, 15 meters in the garden, although I told them it was enough to take a few steps.
It started like this.
Rowing is a journey on its own, but that makes it a little bigger.
He was in Williams, who had a tense morning talking after his victory a bit more than usual to overcome his own worries.
Stanning, who was a captain in the Royal Artillery and who had previously gone to Afghanistan, said, "I was feeling emotionally depressed this week, maybe it is a bit excessive, but it really means a lot."
It emphasizes once again what it means to me and how much work Helen, I and Robin do.
I spent three wonderful years with Helen and Robin.
I would like to extend my best thanks to him for being the best coach in the world for this reason that we would not be without Robin.
I could not find a better person or better trainer to work.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost the race for five years.
The duo have a tough rhythm that their opponents can not reach.
Stanning and Glover's power has not yet been exhausted, even in the last 500 meters, when New Zealand and Denmark teams shut down.
We had ourselves trapped.
Helen 'watch the process, watch the process' he called.
It's really important to be trapped.
We had a good start and we were not trying to do anything incredible.
We did not expect fireworks to explode today, we just wanted to win the race we went out with good paddling, which we did.
The pair will take a year off before deciding what to do in the future.
There is a wedding Glover has to attend next month, his and his television adventurer Steve Backshall's wedding.
For now he just wants to enjoy this moment.
I did not want to say it was my last race.
This would create too much pressure.
I did not realize I was an Olympic champion in London, it took six months.
It was very new and very stressful.
Here, it took about four minutes.
It's a much better feeling. "
The chance to see the stunning architecture of Los Angeles Central Library from the front row
Learn about the history of the Central Library at the city center, attend the meeting organized by architects Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee / Architects of Southern California / Southern California: "Los Angeles Central Library: History of Art and Architecture".
In addition to the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design by Gee and Schwartzman, it was planned to discuss and share the views of the 1993 restoration and the joint made by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
Hall, 3050 Wilshire Boulevard, Art Deco Southwestern Law School (formerly Bullocks Wilshire) will be open at Salle Moderne on August 21st from 14.00 to 16.00.
Attendees, Middle Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Room and Tea Room.
Tickets must be paid in advance: Fees will be $ 15 for SAH / SCC members and $ 25 for non-members.
An open industry area in DTLA undergoes a warm transition
What else could a celebration of the 90th anniversary of the Los Angeles Central Library be celebrated with?
Bulgaria Announces Inflationary Values for the First Time in 8 Thousand
According to national statistics, monthly inflation in Bulgaria was 1% in June.
This is the first time since October that we have been positive over the past year, with the highest value seen since decades (since June 2012).
The average annual CPI inflation for the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) was -0.8% when compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0% compared to June 2016, ie monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The difference between the inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 to December 2015 comparison) was -0.2% and the monthly inflation gap between July 2016 and July 2015 was -0.2%.
Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transportation (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%) and miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%) were observed in July 2016 compared to the previous month.
Prices for clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine care (0.5%) and health (0.1%) fell.
Prices for alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication and education groups remained at the same level.
Snapchat "Anime" Effect, Criticized as Asian Cartoon
Although Snapchat said it was inspired by animations for this filter, some observers say it is racially insensitive.
Snapchat, with the lens tool every day around 150 million users change the reality of the absurd level by playing with their identity allows.
You can turn yourself into a mother-of-pearl, a dog, or a character that has risen from a Roy Lichtenstein picture.
Lenses are reckless, feature-changing vehicles that generate over 30 million reflections each day.
The wrong steps are quickly dug into the memory of the cam.
Snapchat lenses have faced accusations in the past that the practitioner supports black classification or offers whitened skin tones as a beauty ideal.
Because of this reason, some critics have criticized the company for being an "Asian mask" that caricatures Asians because of this week, users have slit-eyed, distorted teeth and swollen cheeks.
And they wonder whether these recurring conflicts point to a bigger problem with the company's diversity.
News and anger spread on Wednesday with The Verge and Motherboard's news, and the day after, Snapchat announced that he had removed the feature.
The company said in a statement: The lens was prepared not for the cartooning of the Asians but for the anime characters.
But for observers with racism experience, this lens reminded us of painful stereotypes.
He generally refused to compare the anime to other people.
Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student and tweeted about the photos, said that in an e-mail, your lens is "painful and uncomfortable with the slightest expression".
"He added that it is difficult to discuss the side-by-side comparison of the effects of the bad Asian cartoons and the effects of the filter, when it comes to the subject.
This shows that the filter is not only an Asian mask, but also an insulting Asian mask.
Snapchat is not the only company that transcends cultural trigger mechanisms.
American culture seems to be endlessly in conflict with the many diversity and inclusiveness of institutions, from meeting rooms to Hollywood and the devices it carries in all our hands.
And it can be interpreted that Snapchat's appeal to the racial diversity of the larger young mass, which is more numerous than its counterparts, might be in a higher expectation of tenderness.
In an interview Thursday, Katie Zhu, 25, said one of Snapchat's lenses created a humiliating image for a user, saying "It's much harder not to be noticed as such."
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer working for Medium, decided to delete the Snapchat account and everyone called it.
In an interview with the article and telephone she wrote for Medium, she said she believed that race-related conflicts reflected deficiencies in diversity in recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Ms. Zhu criticized the leader team of white men, the majority of whom ended the article with a label: #SnapchatiSilin.
Ms. Zhu, a Chinese-born American, said, "Because of the lack of diversity among different breeds of personnel, they can make such decisions, or if they are working in different races, they do not feel safe or comfortable enough to speak for themselves."
Other observers share his views on this complaint that Snapchat left unanswered.
The company emphasizes the private company situation and does not share figures about the diversity among the staff.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to share its staff's racial origins, but according to a spokesperson, the company recently added a recruitment responsibility to focus on undersuffled populations and to increase their inclusion efforts internally.
Ms. Zhu, for her own sake, stated that she would keep the Snapchat account closed and added, "I am wondering if there are more users like us who can tell if this is not true."
Congress Panel, Military Officials Say Fraud in ISIID Intelligence
A Thursday report, a congress panel, reported that the United States Central Command Authorities falsified intelligence reports to draw a more optimistic picture of events on the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
An interim report prepared by a working group led by the Republican Chiefs of Staff of the House Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Compensation Subcommittee found that the Top Officers had "widespread dissatisfaction" among the Central Command intelligence analysts, who said the US forces had changed the Islamic State's assessments.
Central Command, known as Centcom, is a military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., Which supervises US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The intelligence results approved by senior Centcom leaders are typically more positive than the realities of the US anti-terrorism efforts show, and consistently provide much more positive results than the analysis of the other elements of the intelligence community." In a report on the report,
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable," said Ken Calvert, a California Republican representative. "Our warriors are troubled by bad analysis of senior decision-making bodies."
The leadership failures at Centcom have reached the top levels of the organization.
The 10-page report also provided details of the persistent problems of 2014 and 2015, which were included in the Central Command's analysis and analysis of America's efforts to provide training to Iraqi forces.
Although there is no definite evidence that senior Obama administration officials have ordered changes to the reports, it is clear that analysts feel pressured by Centcom leaders to offer a more optimistic view of the threat created by the Islamic State, also known as IŞİD and DAEŞ.
Raporda "In the first half of 2015, many Central Command press bulletins, statements and congressional statements are said to be more positive than actual events".
For example, a Centcom official stated that a major military offensive for the withdrawal of Mosul, open to the public, could be held as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, is still under the control of the Islamic State.
Mike Pompeo, Republican Representative of Kansas, said in a statement, "This has been clearly understood after months of research."
From the middle of 2014 to mid-2015, the most senior intelligence leaders of the United States Central Command manipulated the commander's intelligence results so that the threat posed by ISID in Iraq would be unimportant.
The republicans formed a work force after learning that analysts expressed concern about the manipulation of intelligence about the Islamic State.
As the reviews continue, the report on Thursday will be followed by much more comprehensive findings.
There is another Centcom intelligence review conducted by the General Inspector of the Ministry of Defense.
Democrat members of the House Intelligence Committee also published their findings on Thursday, participating in some of the conclusions of the Republican Task Force.
"In 2014 and 2015, Centcom has created a very narrow-minded process of intelligence assessments of the DAE and the Iraqi Security Forces," Democrat leader of the committee, Representative Adam B. Schiff, said in a statement.
According to Mr. Schiff, this process "has delayed the publication of intelligence results", has led to morale among analysts and "has not given enough room for opposing views".
However, Mr. Schiff and the Democrats have stated that the White House has not reached a conclusion that Centcom analysts are pressuring their conclusions to "make a pre-determined or political statement".
The preliminary results of the congressional review were announced on Tuesday by the Daily Beast.
In August, the New York Times reported that a Pentagon inspector general review opened after complaints made by Centcom analysts.
Upper Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, as a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the General Inspector would not comment on the congress report of the Department of Defense during the ongoing investigation.
However, he said that "experts in some cases may fall into disagreement about the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence community and the Ministry of Defense have supported a healthy dialogue on these important national security issues".
The research will raise echoes in Iraq and Syria beyond the question of whether the bombing operation on the US front is continuing (which is a case by day more Defense Authority).
However, last year's accusations have raised questions about how much President Obama can rely on the Central Command for honest evaluations of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
Critics of the reflection of Islamic State intelligence have begun when Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote an article describing that the administration of President George W. Bush, despite the objection of many analysts, held a small force in Iraq and did not think enough about the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played an important role in the revolt against the Islamic state intelligence.
Officials said Mr. Hooker's team reached the conclusion that the air attacks against rafiniers held by the Islamic State in spite of the public statements on the other hand last year had built temporary refineries to sell petroleum on the black market, and that the terrorist group had no significant impact on its financial resources.
However, as The Times noted in September, this finding did not go beyond the Central Command.
Centcom's then commander, General Lloyd J. Austin III, was exposed to criticism last year when his statement in the Senate was seen by many legislators as a highly positive assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April and received his position at the Central Command General Joseph L. Votel.
US Women's Lawn Hockey Team Prepares to Face Britain Wins 4th Victory in Back Row
Katie Bam scored the first two goals of the United States women's grass hockey team on Thursday when the Americans beat India 3-0, one day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory against Japan.
Bam (27) said he was not sure if he had done the same thing before, though five goals in two games seemed to require a lasting skill.
He said, "There is no idea."
I'm not one of those people who keep their record of their goals.
It is reported that the Americans share the first place in the group with Britain, leading 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and continuing to defeat Japan on Thursday after defeating 2-0.
Britain and the United States will face Saturday's final game of the first round.
Both teams qualify for the quarter-finals and the match will determine who will win the first and who will finish the second match of the six-team group.
The team, who finished first in the group matches, will not face a stronger Dutch team with another group leader when the quarterfinals begin.
However, after Saturday's game, the Americans made a surprising progress here after the London Olympics, where the last of the 12 teams arrived.
Bam was on this team.
He grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., When he was 3 years old when he first took the grass hockey bat (his twin brothers were interested in this sport in Drexel) and joined the national team at the age of 16, becoming the team's youngest player.
He missed the 2008 Olympics because he could not enter the last squad.
Then came the year 2012 when he and his teammates did not do much of anything.
The following year, a British coach, Craig Parnham, brought in the referral and things started to change.
Bam says, "A cultural change, a mental change, a physical change."
We are no longer working like in London.
We have completely gone through the transformation.
Thursday night, Bam took the first number of the first half with a close knock.
India has not yet won a win in the tournament, but the team was able to maintain a surprising level of strength and keep the score at 1-0 until Bam's third quarter.
He made a long run from the left side of the field and then curled into the ball and the Americans advanced 2-0.
Melissa Gonzales scored the last goal in the middle of the fourth quarter.
This is the first time United States goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who allowed one goal in the first three victories, did not eat goals in the tournament.
Chance opened.
So is Bam.
"We are in a good place right now," Parnham said, but how good this place is depends on Saturday's game.
Trampoline Calm in the Middle of the Olympic Tide
Wherever you are, no matter how many hours, the Olympics continue.
The events in Rio de Janeiro represent ambition and competition, and it seems like it will never end or be avoided.
The Olympic torch itself is like a flaming baton from a swimmer, a gymnast, and a triathloncaster from there.
Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos can not watch television, hear the newspaper or listen to what your neighbors say in a café without hearing about the contention between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And there's Logan Dooley.
Mr. Dooley, who participated in the Olympics for the first time, may be one of the names shown at prime time, like a swimmer, a gymnast or a fencer like a swimmer, among TV advertisements that promise to feel good about sponsorships.
However, Mr. Dooley from Lake Forest, Calif. (28) is fighting for the gold medal in the tram at the Olympics.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event on an equal level.
Far from the center, there are sports that are not universally recognized, partly in the shadow: air rifle shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
Always breaststroke with us, as long as it is.
But personally, to mention my favorite, I would like to draw attention to the secret magic of the trampoline.
Although the trampoline has been recognized as an Olympic event since 2000 when it was introduced to the Sydney games, very few people I've asked in the intervening 16 years have not realized that it is an Olympic sport.
This could be a regional ignorance.
Although the United States submitted athletes for the competition, they never won a medal in the tram and there was no contestant rising to the finals until 2012.
In men, the rewards tended to share the Chinese and Russians, while in women the Chinese and Canadians shared.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will try to protect the gold medals they receive in London this year.
However, trampolines are often pointed out as an oppressive event, which may be partly due to unconscious minds thinking that they deserve clown school instead of the Olympics.
I have to admit I'm not an expert here, I just have an interest in the subject.
It has a funny potential (like the cartoon-like tremor created by the never-ending jumper), but it also reflects the elegance of gymnastics and diving, which are basically two sports they put together.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish hand trampolin word, which means "trampoline".
Champion candidates leap 30 feet above the air in a large trampoline and are asked to perform a series of moves (sprains, pikes, and saltoes) before they land on their feet.
According to the official Olympic program, performance is evaluated according to difficulty and "flight time".
In Rio there will be thirty-two athletes, 16 men and 16 women from 17 countries.
The most common progress in the Olympics is directly advanced.
The medal smugglers must go faster and higher in search of gold, in some cases to the finish point, in some cases backward, more upwards and downwards.
They are not just after the finish line or the starting wall, but there is another tough line in the broadcast on TV, the world or the Olympic record.
This enthusiastic endeavor is noble, imperialistic, and even at extreme levels, enough to drown a viewer even in tears.
But this is precisely what I find slightly tiring when watching the Games.
The trampoline allows you to take a break from all that.
The trampoline moves upwards.
Goals are not moving forward.
The upward spike, like an astronaut, looks up weightless, goes up, goes up effortlessly, and goes up effortlessly.
Of course, it can not be said that there is no competition or difficulty, but during the routine it is a feverish work to reach the result, there is no disappearance in the distance, only the graceful hanging of time and space as imagination.
How calm an Olympic race can be so calm.
The order of the women and their finals will be arranged at 13.00 after Friday afternoon, with the Eastern time and the men again at 13 on Saturday.
NBC will broadcast the finals on both days, starting at 14.00 as a block after lunch.
In the midst of the Olympic madness, they promise a silent and wonderful moment that can be ignored in the general struggle.
And according to the Wall Street Journal of Consciousness, we can say that Mr. Dooley is waiting for new fans if he is to present a male athlete just to browse and object, as recently suggested by United States male gymnasts.
The long-standing US in Ethiopia, the Allies, "Protest in a Generation"
Violent Protest in Ethiopia
Demonstrators who demanded political change in Ethiopia compared the government with violent resistance.
Witnesses say a large number of protesters have received deadly weapons bombs in the fight with the police.
Is Ethiopia about to collapse?
In the past decade, it has become one of Africa's most stable nations and a fast-growing economy and a solid ally for the West.
However, anti-government protests, which we have been making over the past few months, have been spreading more and more territory every day.
Just the week we passed, thousands of people went out and asked for basic political change.
According to human rights groups, the reaction to the government was very cruel.
Witnesses said police officers shot and killed a large number of unarmed demonstrators.
In the protest images, which are believed to be from the end of the year or the beginning of this year, there are security officials who flog the young people who have to stand on their hands against a wall.
At the highest level, the United Nations human rights authority is now seeking a thorough review.
"It is always difficult to keep this country together and it will be much harder to progress," said Rashid Abdi, project director of the Somali Peninsula of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the nation with the highest population of Africa after Nigeria and its stability is appreciated by the West.
The US military and intelligence services are working closely with the Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, particularly in Somalia, and there are very few countries in Africa that have received such assistance from the West.
The economy of Ethiopia is growing impressively.
The infrastructure has been improved effectively, and there is even a new suburban train in the capital Addis Ababa.
And the streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Although the best example of democracy is not displayed in Ethiopia (human rights groups are constantly at the mercy of the government's oppressive attitude), domestic opposition was rather limited, opponents were effectively silenced.
Most were sent to exile, imprisoned, murdered, or driven to the farthest corners of the desert.
However, this situation may be changing.
Seyoum Teshome, a university lecturer from Central Ethiopia, said, "If you do not give people any choice but to protest the people, these things will happen."
Youth is in full protest.
In a generation protest.
There are many complaints from the land use to the repression that the ruling coalition has about power.
After the highly criticized election of the past year, the ruling party and its allies have taken the last seat filled by the opponents and can now control 100 percent of the Parliament.
At the same time, the tensions on the border are also rising with Eritre, a sharp and controversial line that led to the war in which hundreds of people lost their lives in June.
Analysts are afraid that separatist groups, such as the Oromo Freedom Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, have been re-armed with such bureaucrats.
There are a few factors that explain why the painful feelings that have been burning under the surface for years are now exploding.
The first looks innocent: smartphones.
As cheap smartphones became more widespread and internet service became available, only a few years ago, a large number of Ethiopians began using social media to communicate.
The government could communicate via Internet proxy servers, often hiding their location, even when they closed their access to Facebook and Twitter as often as they did during protests.
A few young Ethiopians said they were collecting for protesters this way.
Secondly, solidarity between the two major ethnic groups of Ethiopia, the Oromos and Amharas, has also increased.
Oromolar and Amharas are not normally ally.
For a long time, from the predominantly Christian mountainous regions of Ethiopia, Amharas prevailed in politics and business, exploiting Oromols, who were mostly Muslims and lived on flat land.
However, this situation also changes.
"We are moving forward to cooperate under an umbrella and cooperate," said Mulatu Gemechu, an Oromo leader.
The biggest protests were seen in Amhara and Oromo.
Most Amhara and Oromo think Ethiopia is dominated by members of the Tigrayan ethnic group, which accounts for about 6 percent of the population and is dominant in the military, intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason behind unrest was the death of Meles Zenawi.
Former rebel leader Mr. Meles served as prime minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until death from an illness unexplained in 2012.
It was thought to be a tactical genius, seeing that everyone could not see.
Analysts say he is particularly well-versed in identifying the first signs of discomfort and restraining and neutralizing the opponents.
"The current regime does not have this basic knowledge," said Confederate analyst Mr. Abdi.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was chosen with relative uncertainty to replace Mr. Meles.
Unlike Mr. Meles, who comes from the Tigray area of Northern Ethiopia, Mr. Hailemariam is south.
Analysts say he has not gained the security of the security services Tigrayans control.
As a result more bloodshed with more fear.
Ethiopia's recent experience of such confusion was the protest after theft of thousands of analysts in 2005 after an election by the government.
In the ensuing measures, many protesters were murdered, although the amount of light we passed was low, and this period of confusion also went relatively quickly.
Development experts have sought Ethiopia's leaders for visionary infrastructural planning, like the new commuter train, and for the tremendous progress on the fight against poverty.
It is clear, however, that this does not stop the growing interest in the Ethiopian government.
And it's getting dangerous and ethnical.
In the past month, protesters in Gondar, an Amharan town, have attacked businesses that own Tigrayans, and Tigrayan hatred has also increased in the social media.
Analysts say the protests have left all other allies in the United States and the West in a strange state.
The US government used Ethiopia as a base for unmanned aerial flights over neighboring Somalia, but recently it was said that this base was closed.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, it does not want this ally in a fragile region to break down.
Mr. Abdi said "This" and added, "It's like walking on a very thin rope."
Donald Trump Announces His Obligation to Make Obsession with ISIID as "Cynicism"
On Friday, Donald J. Trump insisted on several occasions during the past few weeks that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were not serious when they claimed to be the "founders" of the terrorist group of the Islamic State, trying to remove the last dispute around the campaign.
This statement raised new questions about the Republican presidential candidate's ability to communicate clearly with the American public.
At the same time, in the process of creating this turbulent process, they tried to explain the statement that this is not what they imply, which implicitly implied their deeds to defend him.
Mr. Trump further intensified his thesis on Thursday after taking the initiative at a Wednesday night rally, insisting that the president and Mrs. Clinton really implied establishing the ISID in the interviews.
But on Friday, early in the morning on Twitter, Mr Trump said he was just making a cynical statement.
The shipment showed that Mr. Trump had completely stepped back from a day before he was expressing seriousness in the allegations in a series of interviews.
Conservative radio programmer Hugh Hewitt recalled that Mr Obama wanted to destroy the ISID, and when Mr Trump tried to help him soften the interpretation, the Republican presidential candidate said he did not believe it.
Mr. Trump, the last chaos arose while trying to change the focus of his campaign after the drop in the polls.
Mr Trump and Mrs. Clinton talked confidently about the economy this week in Michigan.
On Friday, Mr. Trump wanted to return to this topic.
She also spoke on Twitter, saying that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would increase taxes and she found it boring to speak.
Mr. Trump has used his mock defenses before.
Towards the end of July, after seeing the Russians suggest a pirate attack on Ms. Clinton's e-mails, after having met with great criticism, she said, "Of course I say this in a sarcastic way."
This approach allows Mr. Trump to push the boundaries of political speech and to step back where it is needed.
"It's a scheme that allows certain messages to" explain "depending on the reaction, testing how they react by their supporters," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who follows both candidates.
At the same time, however, he gives these declarations intentionally and knows that it is unclear enough to be filtered out when viewed from different lenses.
After falling in the polls in the past few days, Mr. Trump took a more aggressive stance instead of softening the air for the general election mass.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist poll released on Friday showed Mr. Trump is well behind Miss Clinton in North Coraline, Virginia and Colorado, and that there is a tight race in Florida.
Although Mr. Trump usually refuses to apologize for provocative things he accuses himself of criticizing his words or misunderstanding his humor.
However, Mr. Trump's jokes, which have been subject to much more scrutiny in the last months of his presidential campaign, have challenged the loyal supporters who have to support it in public, no matter how provocative their comments are.
Former New York City mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani made an effort to defend the island in an interview with CNN on Thursday as one of Mr. Trump's most prominent supporters.
When Mr. Trump was asked about the correctness of his thesis that Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had established the Islamic State, Mr. Giuliani said, "I think he is making a legitimate, political critique."
From a standpoint, Obama was a small organization, unknown before ISAID, those who found them charming were completely wrong and this happened because of the withdrawal of troops from Iraq.
Most prominent Republicans are trying to argue that the Obama administration, which has made the foreign ministry of Ms. Clinton, fail to aggressively deal with the situation in the Middle East and cause the ISID to grow.
Before the rallies in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continues to blame the news media on Twitter for distorting every word and treating it as biased.
"They can not do it!" He mocked with "poor, pathetic" television specialists trying to solve him.
Some Democrats ridiculed Mr. Trump's pretext, saying it was evidence that he was not in line with the presidency.
The Cafeteria That Can not Beat Time's Prices Again at Greenpoint
Verb Cafe, a cash-only old-fashioned place in Williamsburg, offered Wi-Fi connectivity, but for 15 years it offered great coffee.
Naturally, he could not afford the prices at Bedford Avenue's store.
In the summer of 2014, the store, which is located at the Verb, sells Soap Cherie cap shaped cake soaps.
The inhabitants of the area were close, expressing that this was the last loss of the city that had been censored.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote to Twitter: "New York is a change, I know that, but I still can not believe that the CBGB is gone and the Chelsea Hotel is vacated and the Verb is no longer a soap store."
But do not reinvent as much as New York is change city.
In November we opened a renewed Verb Cafe in Greenpoint, less than a mile from the original location, in the north.
The new Verb Cafe has Wi-Fi connectivity and accepts credit cards, but it protects some older employees and similar basic air.
The coffee is still good.
At the beginning of the new verb, there is Cisco Rodriguez, the owner and general manager of the new site, which has been working for a long time in the old café.
He joined the Verb in 2001 and stayed until the end.
A customer said he would be thrilled to do so when he offered him financing for this new location.
Mr. Rodriguez (36) left most things the same.
Verb used the same distributor for bagels and bought an espresso machine in the same model.
Even the lights of the old Verb were reused here.
However, Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to present a bit of different experiences.
He added new materials.
Pastrami-egg-and-cheese sandwiches are available on the menu and ingredients such as capers and sauteed onions are also available.
There are brown-brass crowns.
The cafe does not serve beer anymore, but offers fresh fruit juices.
Nine months later, Mr. Rodriguez said he realized that the old regulars had begun to arrive decisively.
"Many of our old customers could not handle the prices in Williamsburg," he said.
On Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of these customers.
Mrs. Oliveira (34) lives in Williamsburg and frequently goes to the Verb.
Even after he moved to Greenpoint, he did not give up on this road.
Verb said that after a moment he paused to drink coffee for a while.
"I realized that what I love is coffee and culture in the Verb," he said.
He began to drink coffee again, but the other day he chose the mushroom mixture, which is a new addition to the usual iced coffee.
Another regulant, Tom Rosenthal, has regularly gone to Verb since 2003.
He goes there before the work and always orders the same.
"Every day, a quarter of a century past, I went in without a doubt and they were ready for my every day buttery bagel order," he said.
Photo Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to make changes and added new items to the menu.
Nowadays, Mr. Rosenthal is still taking the usual order, but sometimes he makes some changes by adding bacon, eggs and cheese to his daily bagel order.
Mr. Rodriguez said he was not uncomfortable with the soap store that was located in the old room.
As a matter of fact, the owners of Soap Cherie offered to make a special soap for Verb using the cold steaming cup of the café.
"I think we can still accept this offer," Mr. Rodriguez said.
And Greenpoint's traditional Polish inhabitants adopted this cage.
One of the new customers translated the menu into the Polish and Mr. Rodriguez said that his new neighbors would soon find a place to display this barn to make them feel good.
The new location also has other advantages.
The local fruit juice store wants to brew and sell cold infused coffee.
There is a possibility that the café can be expanded by spreading to the adjacent building.
It is enough for most customers to have a new Verb to find their old favorites.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and was very upset after the room was closed.
When the new venue opened, Mr. Whitt said he could feel at home because he could get in and have coffee.
"I had to smell it," he said.
The Depressive Food of the Time of the Crisis "A Square Meal"
In March 1933, immediately after his sitting in the Chairman's chair, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat for lunch at the Oval Office.
President Roosevelt, a throat-loving man, loved the fancy Fifth Avenue food, such as goose juice and Maryland turtle soup.
That day menu was much more modest: boiled egg with tomato sauce, potato roots and dry plum pudding as dessert.
"This was an act of solidarity with the people who suffered," said Jane Ziegelman.
His wife Andrew Coe added: "This was also a message given to Americans about how to eat their food."
The couple who lives in Brooklyn Heights is a food historian.
Mr. Coe's last book, "Chop Suey," was about Chinese cuisine in America, and Ms. Ziegelman was telling about the lives of the geese in the Lower East region in his book "97 Orchard."
The new book, A Square Meal, which will be published by Harper on Tuesday, tells the history of American food during the Great Depression.
They also met with a reporter for dinner at the Eisenberg Sandwich Buffet in Flatiron, which has been present since 1929, the year the crisis began, showing solidarity for food.
Mrs. Ziegelman (54) ordered cream cheese and olive sandwiches, while Mr. Coe (57) chose turkey, potato and vegetable seats.
The couple found that the reporter's roll dumplings order was suitable for discussion of the Crisis-era foods.
"Nuts were very popular," said Ms. Ziegelman.
There was ground nut, liver nut, and dry bean nut.
They were made from a cheap material that was able to spread the material with a material.
Imagine that you eat as much peanuts as you eat at dinner.
Mr. Coe squeezed his face.
"Like a bullet, a man must be seated in the middiness," he said.
In the years prior to the crisis, especially in rural areas, the American buffet was like an open buffet.
The women were cooking for men working on the farm and freshly cooked pies were served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The European Americans who died starving in World War I were sending food, "A Square Meal" explains the history of the ways of dealing with the emergence of the nation as an abundance center.
"It was a time when your meal became a central, worrying issue for Americans," Mr. Coe said while explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
The new budget regime was equally alarming: mysterious foods such as nuts and casseroles became the main consumption item, according to Ms. Ziegelman, "casseroles were a great way to evaluate the remaining meals" so that the cooks could hide the appetizer-lowering ingredients with a cream sauce.
Fresh fruits were replaced by cheaper dried fruits.
Over the years, meat in the center of American cuisine has become a frugal luxury.
Interesting mixtures for calorie and nutritional value were tried and the feeling of satisfaction passed before taste or general culinary conception.
When Ms. Ziegelman was researching the book, which included recipes, she prepared an onion eaten in a peanut butter fillet of that turn.
"It was not a popular contribution to dinner tonight," Mr. Coe said.
Ms. Ziegelman supported it: "It was real."
Peanut butter has no joints with the onion in the flour.
This is an outstanding feature in most home economy recipes.
Home economists, including Louise Stanley, who was also the head of the Federal Home Economics Bureau, directed the country's eating habits as never before.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to be "savvy" and waged a struggle to transform slurries such as carrot cream spaghetti into tasty foods.
"A Square Meal" is a feast of historical delicacies.
The responses given by President Herbert Hoover to the government's hungry citizens, like the pie-eating attitude, are highly appetizing.
On the one hand, he was cooking a simple Iowa farmer's meal in the public childhood, like a millionaire intellectual, on the other hand.
Mr. Coe said, "He loved eating European culinary delicacies like cucumber sauce fish."
He was eating almost all of the gold-plated food in the dining room, wearing jackets suitable for dinner.
It is far from the truth.
Although his wife Eleanor did not encourage him to be an example with the mide, President Roosevelt could have fallen into the same mistake.
According to the book, when Mrs. Roosevelt recruited an assistant who did not care for flavor, the White House began offering only the "most dreadful food, but also the most dreary plates prepared" to date.
After the country was back on its feet, most of the methods of cooking during the crisis were left on the edge.
According to Ms. Ziegelman, the focus on calorie and nutrition and the way in which science is applied to cooking continues.
The couple, while writing the book, expressed that Ms. Ziegelman's mother learned a lot from her mother's eating habits - for example, she could never throw food at her.
"Food waste really scared him," Mr. Coe said.
Ms. Ziegelman talked about her old memories: "It really made people sick."
There was a cream bun.
After collecting the plates at Eisenberg, he and Mr. Coe made a sweetie they prepared at home: President Roosevelt's dessert, which he ate at lunch.
Ms. Ziegelman said, "It is called pruned prune," and added the most frequently used number to give a cool name to these modest tariffs.
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone hesitantly plunged to the point of finding a brown sticky.
Surprisingly it was not too bad.
Mr. Coe took the second and third spoon.
As someone who might be saving, he said, "A little chopped walnut piece would be good."
Gilead will receive attorneys' fees in the battle for hepatitis C with Merck
According to the US District Judge's decision, Gilead Sciences Inc. has received the attorneys' fees related to the hepatitis C Patient trial conducted with drug maker Merck & Co Inc.
Gilead was dismissed in June to pay $ 200 million in compensation for the violation of two Merck patents on Gilead's highly successful drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after US judge Merck found he had been involved in a series of misrepresentations including false testimony and other unethical practices.
In Thursday's session, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman stated that Gilead had the right to be compensated for the charges incurred during the defense of the case.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, the market leader with a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sue each other and claim ownership of the laboratory work for the sofosuvir, the active ingredient of Gilead's medicines.
US-backed forces have stated that the control of Membic is entirely taken from the Islamic State
On Friday, the group spokesman, US-backed forces, said that the last Islamic state warriors in the city have completely taken control of the city of Membic, located in the north, near the border with Turkey.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDG) is in the process of city clearing, after a group of remaining militants hiding in the city are also separated.
Şarfan Derviş of Membiç Military Council, allied with the SDG, informed Routers that they released more than 2,000 civilian hostages in the hands of militants.
He told Routers: "The city is now under full control, but we are conducting cleanup work."
The Clinton family earned $ 10.75 million in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent federal tax
On Friday, Hillary Clinton announced the 2015 tax bill, which shows that Democrats earned $ 10.75 million for the year we passed, and that the current 34.2 percent is paying federal taxes.
In 2015, the Clinton family contributed $ 1 million to charitable organizations, most of them from the Clinton Foundation. Former president Bill Clinton earned about $ 5.3 million in speech fees, and the former foreign minister announced that he earned $ 3 million for the book from Simon & Schuster publishing house in the State Department.
Clinton's prospective friend Senator from USA, Tim Kaine from Virginia, published his 10-year tax declaration with his wife Anne Holton.
In 2015, they paid federal taxes at a rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for fiscal transparency," Clinton campaigner Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
On the contrary, Donald Trump is hiding behind false prophecies about his promises to disclose tax statements he has made and is backing off.
Although legislations are necessary, it is a fact that the US presidential candidates submit tax declarations to the public.
Trump, a New York business man, and his lawyers stated that the reason for the rejection of the statements was an audit conducted by the Revenue Administration.
In connection with the statements of the democratic candidate, Clinton campaign officer Ian Sams threw his tweet on "You're on your own".
On Thursday, Trump's special case lawyer Michael Cohen said CNN would not allow Trump to publish them until the inspections were completed.
The group, which criticized Trump, including Mitt Romney, the presidential candidate of Republicans in 2012, and other Republicans, said that the rejection itself has raised questions about its ownership, contributions to charities, business agreements and many other links, including those with Russia.
Clinton went on to do this on Friday by publishing an online video showing that senior Republicans were pressuring Trump to explain the tax.
In an economy speech in Michigan on Thursday, he voiced this problem.
He said to the crowd, "For decades, every presidential candidate has refused to do what he does, publish tax returns."
Politico reported that Trump paid almost no tax for two years in the 1990s, and on Friday, the New York Times business section columnist shared a statement that a number of tax advocates and accountants may still be doing so.
Federal tax rates have become a major problem in presidential elections.
Clinton offered a rule proposal that took the name of billionaire investor Warren Buffet, who would earn at least 30 percent of the tax on those who earn over $ 1 million a year.
President Obama also supports this offer.
In the past week, at a Clinton rally in Omaha, Nebraska, the Berkshire Hathaway group challenged Buffett, who had been there, to come to Trump and present his tax declaration.
Buffet stated that he was also undergoing IRS supervision and that he was "afraid" of voters, not Trump's tax collection agency.
Clinton issued tax declarations up to 2007 in his campaign.
Currently, the Clinton family in Chappaqua, New York, has paid an average federal tax of approximately 32 percent between 2007 and 2014, and the combined tax rate reaches approximately 40.5 percent.
The Clinton family's declaration for the year 2015 shows that, unlike most Americans, only about $ 100 of their income comes from wages.
The main investments are a low-cost index investment fund, and the Clinton family declared that dividends and interest income were $ 109,000.
Kevin Drawbaugh, who prepares additional news, organizer Jonathan Oatis
Powdered red pepper condoms, chestnut pins support the preservation of filler in Tanzania
The environmentalists in Tanzania use an unusual method to prevent the filler from entering the residential areas, throwing condoms full of powdered red pepper.
The method proved to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation and the US-based Nature Conservation Association, which found this idea a few years ago, stepped in to introduce it, and in villages in northern Tanzania, volunteers began to educate volunteers to use a nonviolent, four-step method of protecting their homes and their crops without damaging animals.
Previously, most people were using spears to defend themselves.
On Friday, World Elephant Day dedicated to the protection of animals.
Damian Bell, managing director of Honeyguide, said in a statement, "We have seen the attitudes of these communities changed since we developed the tool set, and now they have more confidence that they can keep them away from the dealings without damaging the fill."
The first two steps involve passing the torch and horn.
If this is not possible, the so-called "red pepper cloud" is being thrown away.
Powdered red pepper mixed with soil, a chestnut phlox puts on the condoma, only the fuze is closed in such a way as to remain open.
When it is burned, the condom opens with an explosion sound and the red pepper is scattered into the air.
Even a breath is enough to send the project in the opposite direction.
The last resort is to use a catapult that throws fireworks into the air, causing a loud, bright burst.
Jewish filmmaker shoots hotel in Berlin, abolishing Israeli phone code on "request" of Arabs - RT News
A Jewish French filmmaker led to a sensation in the media after the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin could not list the phone code of Israel and suggested that the employee suggested "demands" for Arab customers.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the documentary on the genocide "Shoah", expressed anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin with an open letter to the German publication FAZ.
Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the list of phone codes he had provided to the hotel shortly before his stay.
However, the country was not among the direct searchable states.
How can Israel be eliminated and destroyed in Berlin in 2016, the new capital of Germany?
He wrote it, Lanzmann.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers the possibility to call Israel through its call center.
The filmmaker reported the situation to the hotel reception to get an explanation.
Lanzmann wrote that the answer he received was "shocking him."
The secretary of the hotel stated that this measure was taken with "Kempinski-Hotels management's deliberate decision".
The underlying reason for this movement was that the filmmaker became much more angry.
According to Lanzmann, the employee said, "Most of our guests wanted the code of Arab and Israel to be deleted."
According to Suddeutsche Zeitung, Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman described this as "a great shame."
This situation made us sick and very surprised.
It's really a shame.
It is a much bigger disaster if it happened in Germany and in such a hotel chain.
You do not have to explain this.
We expect the hotel to get the necessary result, "said the official.
The incident prompted a massive reaction in the online environment, where people described it as a scandal.
Some accused the Kempinski Hotel of "submitting" to the alleged claims of Arab customers.
In another post, "Embarrassment" was mentioned, emphasizing that the hotel was located near a synagogue in Kurfurstendamm.
According to Der Spiegel, the hotel quickly threw away the accusations by saying that this was the end of "carelessness" and "apologizing" from Lanzmann.
Suddeutsche Zeitung stated that one of Kempinski's representatives said that he had never had a direct order "that Israel should not be included in the quick search list".
And now they have added code.
Police use pepper spray and plastic bullets against Brazilian protesters
Students gathered in Sao Paulo, Brazil, on Thursday to demonstrate against the government's reforms on the public education system clashed with the police.
Police used pepper spray and plastic bullets against the protesters.
The problem began when police officers tried to disband the students, which led the police to use plastic bullets and pepper spray.
Hundreds of students participated in the demonstration to express their dissatisfaction with the plans.
According to Sao Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmin's personal life, less than 100 state schools will be closed and 300,000 students will be distributed to other schools for savings.
It was seen that some of the protesters wrote to the walls against Temporary President Michel Temer.
This latest protest took place a few days after protesters stepped out on the streets to protest the resigned President Dilma Rousseff, who was removed from office by the senate of the country.
Trade between Russia and Iran has risen to 71% - RT Business
According to Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the trade surplus between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 percent year-on-year, with sanctions being lifted.
The Ambassador said that since the removal of international sanctions against Iran, the interest of Russian companies doing business in the country has increased dramatically.
While new companies are preparing to provide access to the market, Russian companies maintain their existing ties with Iran.
Of course, the further increase of trade is one of the main priorities of our bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Dzhagaryan.
In the first five months of 2016, the trade between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015 and reached 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russia's exports to Iran rose by 91.5 percent to reach $ 697 million.
Russia's imports from Iran rose by 16 percent to 158 million dollars.
This increase in trade was provided by consumables for machinery, floor tools and weapons, "said the envoy.
At the same time, Dzhagaryan expects a record number of Iranian tourists to come to Russia this year.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representation in Iran gave Iranian citizens 35,000 visas, most of them for travel.
Moreover, for the first time, Iran was among the top 20 countries in terms of tourists visiting Russia.
We can say that Iranian tourists visiting Russia last year will be breaking records, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which is something the embassy hopes to change.
"I personally recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where the monuments of the ancient Persian civilization are kept in good condition," he said.
Cash to FETÖ from Izmir - Economy News
Interesting details about Kavuklar Group Chairman Abdullah Kavuk and Küçükbay Group Chairman Ahmet Küçükbay, who were taken into custody for providing financial support to FETÖ, started to emerge.
It was determined that FETÖ's financial resources number 1 and 2 in İzmir Küçükbay and Kavuk's FATUL / PDY terrorist organization's ringleader Fetullah Gulen regularly sent money in bulk every month.
It was determined that the money sent to Gülen for not registering was not deposited over the banks and the organization member was sent by courier.
On the other hand, 9 people were detained in Amasya under investigation in connection with the investigation into the attempted coup d'etat of Fatah, including the head of the Merzifon Chamber of Commerce and Industry Fatih Altınay, seven of whom were arrested on condition of forensic control.
10 years in the valley 30 thousand pounds cepte
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's call to "lower interest", the banks went into action.
It was suggested that banks should be included in the campaign initiated by Real Estate Housing and then by GYODER.
President of the Republic of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, made a recommendation to withdraw the mortgage interest rates below 1 percent.
13 banks have lowered their mortgage interest rates below 1 percent.
It was the public banks that launched the discount furasas.
Based on monthly interest rates ranging from 1.12 to 1.29 per cent, the consumer will pay less interest between 15 and 30 billion Turkish liras with 10 years maturity.
PREFERENCE 5 TO 10 YEARS
How much advantage will house interest rate reductions bring home?
100 thousand pounds a 10-year loan to a person who uses the term, interest 30 thousand pounds discount will provide a discount.
The vast majority of those who use housing loans choose a 5-10 year deferred payment plan.
In the coming days, interest rates are expected to decline further.
Interest rate cuts will also affect sales positively.
In 2015, house sales increased by 10.6 percent compared to the previous year, reaching 1 million 289 thousand.
This year sales are expected to exceed 1.5 million with a discount on interest.
GYODER President Aziz Torun: Must be reduced to 9 percent per annum
It is an important step for public banks to cut interest rates.
They paid attention to the call of our President and lowered the interest rates.
However, this rate should fall below 9 percent per year.
If this discount process continues, we are also considering extending the monthly 0.70 interest rate campaign we have started for a few months.
Kuzu Group YKÜ Özen Kuzu: Our campaign can be extended by 3 months
The inclusion of banks in this initiative, which we have limited ourselves to as a month, to bring economic vitality to the market, can bring the period of this historic campaign to be extended for at least another three to four months.
However, interest rates on loans should fall below 9 percent per annum.
It is pleasing to see that every sector is making a sacrifice in the purchase of housing by the citizens with the positive psychology and the unseen solidarity which will be created only in the housing sector and the real market.
Polat Holding YKB Adnan Polat: We expect full support from the banks
It is a good step for the President to go to the interest rate cut after calling the bank.
Apart from this, there are a number of steps taken to revive the economy in all sectors.
The campaigns of NGOs, the decision taken by the Central Bank, and all steps taken in this direction ...
All the banks have to put their hand under the stone.
Come to them, you join this mobilization, walk with us on the same path, together, we call the economy a life of the economy.
5.5 billion TL investment from Sabancı in 1.5 years
In the first six months of this year, Sabancı Holding increased its net profit by 11 percent compared to the same period of the previous year to 1 billion 353 million TL and its sales rose by 22 percent to 17 billion 166 million TL.
Zafer Kurtul, CEO of Sabancı Holding, reported that they invested TL 1.8 billion in the first six months of the year and about 5.5 billion TL today from the beginning of 2015.
Kurtul said, "As a country we have successfully passed a difficult turn in the last period."
"It is now time for our country to work and produce more," he said.
2 year break from the ferry from Kabataş
The Kabataş ferryboats were closed to sea traffic for about two years due to the construction of "Kabataş Square Arrangement, Transfer Center and the Construction of Newly Renovated Jetties" conducted by the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (IMM).
On the coast of Kabatas, a modern transfer center will be built to integrate sea, rail system and road transport.
The traffic will be taken underground and a continuous pedestrian flow will be provided along the coast.
Tram and funicular systems will continue to work for a while.
Ring services will be started to provide access to the citizens of Taksim, Eminönü and Besiktas.
Interest fell, home raised
My manager sent a message to a public bank.
It's always the same thing.
Interest is falling, house prices are rising.
Interest is rising, house prices are falling.
"Looks like it happened again," he says.
He talks about his feelings because he is interested in individual loans.
Says that contractors entering the 0.70 interest rate campaign organized by Emlak Konut increased prices in many housing projects.
I looked to see if there was any truth.
There's a shortage, no more cinsten ...
Meanwhile, a week after the Fetullah terrorist organization's coup attempt on July 15, a contractor who participated in the construction summit organized by our newspaper came to our homes.
The patron of a great company ...
When I heard the words of the contractor that I will not give the name, "Actually, I have to raise prices 10 percent," I said, "Will you do coup opportunities?"
Following the coup attempt, the Real Estate Housing initiative initiated a major sales campaign with 0.70 interest and 120 months of maturity.
I admit, he put his hand under the stone before the banks, the risk took.
But if we do not cut the pace of Turkey, we are moving in the spirit of unity and togetherness.
1-month campaign also supported the banks by lowering interest rates.
Then nobody raise the opportunity.
And warn those who do it.
President Erdogan accepted Omer Koç and Ali Koç
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Koç Holding Chairman Ömer Mehmet Koç, Vice Chairman of Koç Holding Board of Directors and Ford Otosan Chairman Ali Koç.
It took 40 minutes for Erdogan to accept the closed closure at the presidential mall.
Call from BRSA: complain to those banks
President of the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (BRSA) Mehmet Ali Akben, President Erdogan's bank for the "credit recall" warnings were made.
Akben said, "We will not allow this if we are turning the credit recall to an opportunity because of the market conditions and doing it with different motives."
We refer to those who bring us such complaints and information to us, "Apply for a BDDK complaint line by giving a name on the basis of the bank and the company".
President Tayyip Erdogan warned the banks yesterday: "I will say that when interest rates fall and credit facilities are expanded, a new era will be opened in front of both our country and investors as well as our banks."
I would like to insist on giving credit in this period of our country, I would like to announce that the banks that recall the loans with their unfashionable terms have determined their own purity.
When the interest rates were 7-8% per annum, the banks earned money from these transactions.
Over 500 Russian tourists are expected
Ali Kızıldağ, President of Professional Hotel Management Association (POYD), stated that Turkey-Russia relations entered into a positive route before the 15 July coup attempt at the EXPO 2016 Antalya exhibition area and that scheduled flights to Russia from Antalya to Antalya started and there was a certain revival in tourism.
President Kızıldağ expressed the excitement of the tourism industry as well as the sectors that trade between the two countries. "I look forward to seeing very positive developments in terms of all sectors of tourism and textile products, both in tourism and in the food industry," said President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Turkey and Russia are very close to each other, we have traditional relations based on years.
"I think we can close the distances as quickly as we can, and we can head for the targets," he said.
Without the coup attempt, the number of Russian tourists coming to Turkey estimated that they would exceed 1 million Kızıldağ, said:
But when we say high season we lost a month, so the target is getting smaller.
I still think that if we start charter flights, we will exceed 500 thousand.
It may also be the end of October or even the middle of November.
In such a case, additional flights can be placed towards the beginning of the year.
I guess this positive atmosphere will be well appreciated by the Russian people.
They also have a longing for Turkey.
I hope that this momentum will probably force 700 thousand.
Speaking of hope for the 2017 Russian market, Kızıldağ said that if the Russian economy is recovered as well as the relations between the two countries, the number of Russian tourists could rise again to over 3 million next year.
POYD President Kızıldağ stated that domestic reservations were started in the slightest by removing the ban on the permission of the public personnel. "There are revolutions in canceled reservations, new reservations have begun to be taken."
"We have a hopeful hope for the Feast of Sacrifice," he said.
Kizildag said that the removal of the ban on tour ticket sales to travel agencies by Iran after the coup attempt was a very positive development, saying, "It would be great if we could bring 100-200 thousand people in Iran in 1.2-2 months."
Is the current loan, the renewal?
First of all, learn how the new interest rate conditions affect your credit by discussing with the bank you borrowed.
Calculate from your bank the cost of using a new loan at a lower interest rate along with the early closing rate of the loan (up to 1.5-2% of the usual rate).
If you include all the costs, you can still apply for the advantageous low interest loan.
Do not breathe the Aslan!
Last champion Besiktas, Galatasaray will win the Super Cup struggle with the goal of entering the morale in the new season.
Coach Şenol Güneş, who has built all his plans on winning, talks with his talents and says, "We must be playful and aggressive."
"You have a high percentage of rust and I expect to control the ball for 90 minutes".
It was learned that Şenol Güneş, who does not think to drive the players who missed the training, especially Sosa, is indecisive about Adriano and Quaresma.
Experienced coach tried Necip'i stopper during the week's training sessions but if Adriano plays left-back, Tosic will serve as stopper.
Ricardo Quaresma and Kerim Frei will also find a preference between the Sun also talebelerine after a long run after the ball had worked.
Tolga to make explosions - Sports News
Galatasaray President Dursun Ozbek, Galatasaray'ın sponsored by the evening of the NEF 's dinner members of the media answered the questions of the media and the transfer of the annual fee was also discussed with expatriate football player Tolga Gıorci.
I WILL NOT SPEAK FOOTBALLERS
Dursun Özbek said that the football team is in a much better position compared to last year and said, "It is not mine, but the footballers have to talk on the field." He added: "I can not say anything."
Let's see what teams are like 2-3 weeks later, then I can say our championship chance.
I'm waiting for the explosion from Tolga.
You will see Tolga in his stance, with his physique, this year will burst, everyone will follow with admiration.
Galatasaray Chairman Mehmet Topal said that they had passed the theme during the transfer period but would not be able to join the club if they did not agree with the club and said: "We did not aim to load because our rivalry would increase the price."
Mehmet Topal is a gentleman, a master athlete.
If we could not agree with the club, we would like to transfer to Galatasaray.
RİVA AND BANK DEPOSITS
"We wanted to build a hall for 13 thousand people," Uzbek said.
However, our President, '15 thousand people make the hall, 'he said.
We changed the project.
We will close the bank debt with the money from Riva.
MAYS BACK TO US
Galatasaray President Dursun Özbek, who expressed his belief that the team that closes last season with the Turkish Cup and that he will reveal the qualities against Besiktas in the final of the Super Cup which he will play tomorrow will reveal his claim with a slogan in the yellow-red club.
Chairman Özbek said "May we are ours", Galatasaray expressed his belief that he would become champ again after a year.
Displacement ban removed
The Clubs Union Foundation signed a historic decision at a meeting yesterday.
At the meeting which was the agenda of the July 15 coup attempt, it was agreed that the displacement ban should be lifted.
Starting from the new season, the 4 big players will play in the matches and in the Besiktas-Bursaspor encounters the guest team supporters will be able to take place in the stands.
Foundation Chairman Göksel Gümüşdağ said, "We decided to lift the ban on displacement after 15 July in order to continue unity and solidarity."
"We believe that this unity and togetherness are of much more importance after the July 15th Democratic Martyrs," he said.
On the other hand, it is stated that the voting result of the Club Club Foundation will continue to serve as the current management board.
Galatasaray Club President Dursun Özbek was elected chairman of the divan.
Unlike previous meetings, it was important to avoid club flags at the table.
The table was equipped with Turkish flags to emphasize the unity and co-existence of Turkey.
"CLEANING YOUR OWN GARDEN"
"We do not have the luxury of taking the formation of the FETO formation," said Kulüpler Birliği Başkanı Göksel Gümüşdağ, who said that those who tried a treacherous attack against the indivisible unity of Turkey found the great Turkish nation in front of him.
"As a football family, we must also clean up and clean our own garden," he said.
Gümüşdağ, "Do you think of an organization under the name of the 15th of July Democracy Cup?" On the question of "Especially the name of the Turkish Cup has a general opinion of friends."
"We will share this offer with TFF".
Target 25 thousand combined
Trabzonspor will fight at the new stadium in the new stadium.
Muharrem Usta, president of the bordomaviler who counted days to move to Akyazı, determined the combined prices with the questionnaire he made through social media.
The new bids are aimed at selling 100 thousand shirts with 25 thousand combinations at the new sees. The fans who are going to sell the burgundy are expected to show great interest.
Chairman Usta, "The target is 25 thousand combined and over 100 forms."
With the answer to the questionnaire we understood the prices behind the castle and the east / west stands.
Good luck.
He used the phrase "Now you are the ball".
The new season combined price of Bordeaux-blue club is determined as follows: "The lower and upper tribunes combined prices of the castle are 350 TL, and the eastern and western tribunes are 750 TL".
150 pounds worth of the new season form will be given as a gift to the combined areas, 30 percent of students, combined with the wife of the second combination 50 percent discount is announced.
SOUTH KORELİ SUK OFFICIAL OPENED
Trabzonspor, South Korean Hyun Jun Suk'la had to deal with every issue.
The player who is rented from the Porto club for one year will be paid 750 thousand euros with the temporary transfer fee.
The player will also receive a 1 million Euro guarantee fee per year.
The player's purchase option was set at 15 million euros.
Economy-book fired
F.Kahçe sent Pereira, who signed a two-year signature on June 11, 2015, at the end of the first year.
President Aziz Yıldırım and the board of directors held a meeting of the club's Finance Coordinator Tamer Yelkovan.
The economic dimension of the event at the meeting was invested in the table.
Yildirim, who was sensitive to keeping the "annual loss" at a level required by the agreement with UEFA, was reported to have received help from Yelkovan in financial matters.
Pereira's representatives passed the theme.
The mission was announced to be terminated.
2-2.5 MILLION ON EURO'S AGREEMENTS
There are still some points that are not resolved in financial matters, so it is stated that the official announcement will be made today or tomorrow.
Pereira and team yesterday worked out with the team because no official announcement was made.
The total cost of this operation was around 4 million Euros.
However, it was stated that F. Kahçe would give a figure under this price for termination.
F.We pay Pereira's advance payment in advance, and a figure of between 2 and 2.5 million euros will finish the job.
If Pereira does not approve of this, his salary will be paid on a monthly basis.
If a deal is made with a team, this payment will be terminated.
Yes, Pereira eventually went and Fenerbahçe supporters signed a big turnaround.
In the war with Vitor Pereira, Caner Erkin and Luis Nani were martyred.
Robin van Persie is slightly rescued.
I would love Vitor Pereira's going, I think our administration will find the worse.
Sevincim is staying in the bowl.
Pereira went to the champion Fenerbahçe.
Vitor Pereira can now sort out the suitcase with 3-5-2.
Pereira goes to Kadıköy in 18th place.
Serdar Çakır was removed from the post
It was learned that Serdar Çakır, the top class referee observer of the Turkish Football Federation (TFF), was taken from the post.
Referee who is currently in the Rio Olympic Games FIFA referee Cuneyt Cakir's father Serdar Çakır'ın last year's referendum brought the referee's mosque led to a debate ...
During the days we were in TFF, the Central Arbitration Board (MHK), the Arbitration Board and representatives and observer boards were re-established within the scope of PTÖ.
Face icon laughing from Van Persie
At the minute that Pereira's claim was terminated, the Dutch star, Robin van Persie, made an impromptu share from his own facebook account.
Robin van Persie, who shared photographs of Fenerbahçe himself, also took a football and a smile on his face.
This sharing was interpreted as "Pereira is happy to go".
The first independent gold of history is Al-Deehani's
Fehaid el-Deehani, who won first prize in the double trap category at the 2016 Rio Olympics shooting branch, brought his first gold medal to independent sportsmen in the history of the games.
At the Olympic Shooting Center, medals were distributed in the double trap category.
Al-Deehani, 49, who participated in the games due to punishment in Kuwait for the Independent Olympic Athletes Team, compared with Italian Marco Innocenti in the double trap category final.
El-Deehani, who scored his opponent with a score of 26-24, was the first to win a gold medal with an independent sports team in the Olympics.
I opened a door to the headscarves
Egyptian Doaa Elghobashy, who is fighting as a headscarf in women's beach volleyball at the 2016 Rio Olympics, said, "I respect those who play bikinis, my opponents also have the headscarf."
Elghobashy stated that he wanted to break the perception of the Islamic religion that has settled in the West in recent years, "I did not have any problems in the Olympics with the title."
Here they are fighting with their athletic abilities.
I receive positive messages from many countries in the Islamic world via social media.
Especially women say 'you encourage us, we are proud of you'.
I opened a door to the headscarved women. "
Elghobashy, a 20-year-old Egyptian, tells us that foreign athletes sometimes come to him and ask him why he is wearing a closed dress, he said, "They also understand that they tell them I need to wear this outfit for my religion."
Kazakh Balandin wrote history
One of the biggest surprises of the history of swimming was the victory of Kazakh Dmitriy Balandin against the futuristic yesterday.
In a 200-meter butterfly where US swimmers were shown as favorites, Balandin reached the finish at 2 minutes, 7 seconds and 46 turns.
Josh Prenot of the United States, and Chupkov of 2: 07.70, followed Balandin, who brought the first swimming medal of history of Kazakhstan and also gold, to 2:07:53.
Sun: Friendship get on the front planet
Beşiktaş coach Şenol Güneş expressed a gentlemanly struggle when he pointed out that the Super Cup match would be very meaningful for the community due to the coincidence of Süleyman Seba's death anniversary.
Experienced coach, "Friendship, fraternity more than we always need more than these days, not only the sahada, but also in the stands, friendship is the front planet is full of faith," he said.
FETÖ ringleader Gülen's possessions confiscated
Adana Public Prosecutor's Office Terror-Technical and Organized Crime Investigation Bureau filed a lawsuit against Adana Heavy Penal Court for 17 suspects in an indictment prepared to provide financing to the FETÖ / PDY terrorist organization by increasing the value of the immovables belonging to individuals and organizations related to the FETO / PDY with improper changes in the zoning plans.
In the case of Fetullah Gulen, the No. 1 defendant, who was tried on charges of "attempting to remove the Constitutional Order from the Ground", the court delegation made a decision to arrest the defendants Ömer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu.
However, until this time the fugitive did not get caught and the arrest for the four defendants decided to conduct illegal proceedings.
Adana 2 High Criminal Court ruled that all property should be seized by Fetullah Gulen, Ömer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu in accordance with Article 278/1 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CMK), which is in the foreign country and is in a foreign country and thus illegally reaching to it.
With this decision of the court, the immovables, land-sea and air transportation vehicles, all kinds of rights and receivables, negotiable documents, company shares with partner, rental car cases and bank accounts belonging to fugitive defendants were frozen.
Hüseyin Gülerce: Gülen's demise depends on the collapse of 3 feet
Hüseyin Gülerce, who interprets FETÖ's coup attempt, was in striking statements.
Hüseyin Gülerce's line-ups are as follows:
As I have in mind that they will attempt to Darbeye, this sentence has written in the last 5-6 months in my writings, "they may attempt, but they can not do it in command chain."
I did not know two things, the first one being widespread and deep in this circle, such as the 8-year commander of the General Command of the Gendarmerie and the lieutenant of the President of the Republic of Turkey.
Mr President The President is the most struggling person, who can be careful how he chooses his loyalists, but the most important feature of them is the unseen secrecy.
Very two-faced.
One of the most important proofs of the phrase "This is not the job that a retired preacher like FETO can do" is such a deep compass.
He is definitely getting support from the CIA.
CIA, this guy is too early handed.
Mahmut Övür says in 2014 that in 1971 Fuat Doğu and Fetullah Gulen addressed Vehbi Koç's house.
He says that the people who are most interested in that period are the closest to the relationship between the MIT and the CIA.
The US has paid the salaries of our armed forces personnel, and after he did not remember them, a man emerged like this.
When are we learning this, in 2014?
After this article of Mr. Mahmut Bey, there was no explanation to deny it.
For example, Adil Orphan was caught up, was not he?
I wonder who this is.
Adam went to Pennsylvania twice in the last 25 days before the coup d'etat, and returned two days ago.
Adil Orphan went abroad 109 times since 2002.
When you put all these together, you need to investigate, since now that all of the fugitives have gone to Fetullah Gülen USA in March 1999, they have gone to the US with a pretext.
It will be seen that they went to Pennsylvania for some reason.
But the actual contacts with the CIA can be determined here, especially from the people who need to be raised within the safety of many people sent to the US with safety.
There are Wikileaks documents, establishes an association that is smiling and this association is making joint meetings with the CIA.
15 years before that, the CIA and the connections were made to show officially.
Fuat Avni said I was an intelligence pool in Pennsylvania 2 years ago.
The man working at the Prime Ministry is working for Fuat Avni.
But the bad news is that the information fell to Pennsylvania as well as to the CIA.
The demolition of Gulen depends on the collapse of the three legs, one is the base, the other is the friendly ring, there are those who are deeply hypnotized, they say that even this coup attempt is still Erdogan's film.
I'm three feet, a base support.
Theft of the questions, theft, the right to defeat the employer, this base support is very sarcılı.
The other two are political support, international support.
International support still exists.
The only thing that will break political support is documenting that the tapes of the Baikal and MHP administrators were pulled by the PTO.
After July 15th, "Kılıçdaroğlu" also used "FETÖ", everyone's eyes opened.
Gülen is such a trickster that he says, "I do not do it."
My side says, "Yehu Hussein Bey, these girls see very different dreams, they send me, I forbid now, because it is not right to work with dreams".
A voice recording fell, the person speaking in that voice recording Barbaros Kocakurt: My friends dreamed of friends, double our Prophet's tweets.
1 policeman was killed in Nusaybin
According to the information received, the armored vehicle where police officers patrolling the Salahaddin Eyyubi neighborhood were fired with long-barreled weapons by terrorists.
A police officer was wounded when a police officer was killed.
Two terrorists were neutralized in the clash over the police response.
Police injured, Nusaybin State Hospital removed.
Operation in the district is continuing.
The darbacies were playing TV broadcasts were not interrupted
Private televisions, which had a significant share in the prevention of the coup attempt on July 15, continued to broadcast thanks to a technical staff who heroically resisted the coup plotters in Türksat.
Here is the heroine Asak Akkaya ...
Akkaya stated that they had entered the resistance psychology with the instruction to interrupt the publication during the reading of the declaration in TRT. "I have seen everything by thinking that my friends who were opened from helicopter were martyrs."
They wanted to stop the weapons and cut off the broadcasts.
I just turned off local TVs.
Then I told them that we should not go to the dish antennas and let them move away from the building.
I spent about 20 minutes in the section where the antennas are located.
"Here again cut some cables, but I did not touch the broadcasts," he said.
When the Darbecans failed to interrupt the broadcast on Türksat, they brought the experts of the Milky Way TV.
These terrorists were caught by the police three minutes before the scene.
After the couriers returned to their homes, about one hour later, they realized that the TV broadcasts were continuing by telephone, and that at that moment came to the point of death, Akkaya said:
I took the evening shift that night at 8 o'clock.
That's right.
My friend was on duty for the e-government and the electrical system.
We met at 21.00 to drink tea and we made low flights while passing helicopters.
In the vicinity of the helicopter there were a few other aircraft still quietly flying from below.
We saw his lights.
It was probably unmanned aerial vehicles that could get an image.
They were flying in front of the helicopters.
I've been here for about 11 years, I've been looking for it for the first time I've seen so close.
Then a movement began.
As we watched the news, we learned that the bridge was closed.
At that time, our general manager gave instructions to the non-mates in security to come to the building.
We learned that all of the broadcasts in TRT were packed when we were going to order to get information.
TRT broadcasts were cut for 5 minutes.
I called the TRT main command but could not reach it.
Our control station told us that TRT broadcasts came back and that the papers had started to be read.
Our Deputy Chief Executive Halil Yesilcimen requested the urgent interruption of TRT broadcasts by order of general manager.
Since TRT broadcast a wide range of 3 channels, we started to work on the transmission.
We have just heard that Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım said 'there is an upsurge'.
Our Director 'TRT' is a definite 'command puts us into resistance psychology.
The TRT was cut, after a while we heard a helicopter.
When we went out, the helicopter landed in order to shoot everywhere, everyone scattered aside.
We've been hiding in a building on the back.
We were 12 people in total.
When we were back, the soldiers descending from the helicopter entered.
Soldiers caught a few of our friends.
We came out to leave them alone.
At that moment I saw that they had caught our assistant general manager and kneeled.
The soldiers were talking among themselves.
"One of them is one of them," said one of them.
Then they all sat inside.
The commanders began to yell, 'Who will be responsible for this place, I will not ask again.'
When we heard the speeches of 'I am spitting one', we thought: We do not know about the country but an order came to us, saying 'TRT is definite'.
So there is a resistance.
At that moment I felt that I had given up on my own.
I said 'me.'
At that moment I stood on the foot without knowing what to do.
The only thing I thought at that moment was that friends from the helicopter had opened fire.
I thought 10 to 15 friends were martyrs in Nizami and I thought that they would kill us in the end.
The head of the commander 'TRT except all the broadcasts will be cut,' he said.
We have a system part where we monitor when local channels go to satellite.
80 of the 200 local channels are being released from the room.
Do not forget this room.
There were no national broadcasts between them.
If I cut them down and told them all was cut off, at least until that time, support comes out and help comes out.
Or I said go where it went.
We eventually accepted that we could not get out of there.
I said, 'I'll cut it off.'
Cut the antenna output of one of the local channel packets.
Cut the power button to the monitors where we can watch the national channels.
So there is no signal on all screens.
I told her I had to go to the antennas to be completely cut.
The two commanders sent me to the antenna.
I opened the antenna room, one of the soldiers said 'stop there'.
The gun held my head.
'You will cut all but TRT, there will not be any, I will shoot one of you in the end, this is you,' he said.
As I passed by now, I easily said, 'You will see it going, it will be frozen', I said nothing else.
I entered the station, drove around and cut out local broadcasts.
We went to the other antenna.
At that time, there was no system corresponding to around 20 national channels.
There were about 20 monitors wasted in local channels.
My Lord helped us so much that, while he was responding, he did not have difficulty and tied their prerogatives.
They believe in the answers we give.
They are superior.
This has relieved us.
After leaving Antenden, he asked for the location of the traction.
"I do not know, I'm a TV broadcaster," I said, "Are there any electrician among you?"
'I will not be an electrician in the evening afterwards, if there is a fault, the crew will come.'
Actually, there was an electrician at the time.
I have not stopped Cyprus publications.
I was thinking of not cutting them to distract the soldiers.
They were a little relieved because they thought the publications were cut off.
They did not mind looking at the publications.
Now the band is on standby.
About an hour later they opened the TV in the waiting room and saw the news broadcast.
He came in, soldier.
'The news has not been broadcast to the commissioner,' he said.
We came to the eye with the commander.
He said, 'Get up.'
I'm gone.
He and a soldier said 'there are still publications going on.'
'There are channels broadcasting in Cyprus,' he said.
"They are broadcasting on Cyprus, we can not do anything to them," I said.
"Then after we had written with one of them, we all walked up to the foot," he said.
Darbeciler escaped Turksat with a minibus.
I saw from the photographs that the soldier who brought me the toilet and water was executed in the chair of that van.
They shot three times and shot them from their foreheads and cheeks.
My friends confirmed it was the same soldier.
They were addressing that soldier 'son'.
He was probably a soldier.
They may have executed to get rid of him.
According to Asım Akkaya's words, the first police officer came to Turksat from Gölbaşı.
When the police officers learned that the helicopters were around, they went to the county and went to receive ammunition.
He returned in 40 minutes.
Turksat did not see anyone outside the police when the police came.
Akkaya said that only 3-4 minutes after the policemen arrived at the so-called specialists sent from the Milky Way TV. "Akkaya said," We called the police teams from inside, Turksat staff, we have to enter urgently. "
"Police identity hurriedly surprised four of the four suddenly wrapped around their phones and they were caught inside," he said.
Dağkapı spirit after Yenikapı
The AK Party will be releasing to Diyarbakir, Van and Mardin at the beginning of September with a large delegation including businessmen, artists, athletes and opinion leaders to establish "heart bridge" with the citizens in the region.
The AK Party is preparing to carry the "Yenikapı spirit" formed by democracy bouts to Diyarbakır after the bloody coup attempt by FETO / PDY'ci cuntan.
CHP and MHP provincial heads of state will also be invited to the aid campaign to be held in Eastern and Southeastern Anatolia regions before the Feast of Sacrifice.
The AK Party, which will send a message to the people of the region "The State and the nation is on your side", will provide assistance to poor families and needy people.
The AK Party's last FMC meeting was held for the first time in Ramadan, the Gönül Bridge Project.
It was decided to continue the Gönül Bridge in the Feast of Sacrifice in the meeting where the positive results of the project directed to families affected by terrorism in the region, especially young people and children, were evaluated.
Deputy Chairman, Civil Society Public Relations Chairman Mehmet Mezzinoglu began work under the chairmanship.
Accordingly, 12 provinces in the East and Southeast will be gathered in Diyarbakir, Mardin and Van.
Meetings will be held in advance of these 3 ild days which are accepted as the center.
Businessmen, artists, athletes and opinion leaders will participate in the events.
At these meetings, the organization of the aids and activities will be discussed.
The delegations, which are also famous in Kurban Bayramı, will reach the citizens personally.
Young people and children will be given holiday allowance, school needs will be removed as schools are opened after the festival.
The sacrifice meat will be distributed to the needy.
After 15 July, the AK Party, CHP and MHP against the coup against the national unity air, this project will be reflected.
12 provinces including CHP and MHP provincial heads of the project will be invited to the organizations.
It will be ensured that the three parties will carry out the assistance activities together.
It is thought that HDP is not invited as it is in Yenikapi.
His father-in-law spoke of "Fair orphan"
With the father-in-law of Fairy Orphans, who was shown as the number 1 of the July 15 coup attempt, his mother-in-law was taken under custody and was referred to the judiciary.
His father-in-law, Cevat Yıldırım and his mother-in-law, Hatice Yıldırım, were released on condition that the court of their detention was a judicial check and a ban on leaving the country.
Speaking at the exit of the courthouse Cevat Yildirim, found in the call to be delivered to his father-in-law, said: "I am with the state."
Say darbacles goddamn it.
I know, I did not really know the Fairy Orphans I knew for 18 years.
I do not have a wife called Just Orphans.
I want you to get caught a moment ago.
In this way, neither can live in Turkey nor live in the world.
Gelsin, you are safe with Turkish justice.
If he made a mistake, he will be punished.
Escaping is giving us trouble.
Police shame, it's a shame to the state.
20-25 days the police do not do anything else.
Stating that Turkey did not want to return to Syria, Yıldırım said, "We need to work, not our coup."
We do not want Turkey to go and be like Syria.
Syria had a neighbor like Turkey.
There is a president like Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
"What we do with our coup," he said.
On the other hand, the last time on July 19 at 3:00 pm on the TEM Motorway Akyazı passing through the viewing of Orphans, 'SIR' plate vehicle in the house of Akyazı'nin Akyazı'nin garage after the loss was mixed into the garage.
FETO operation at university: 30 detention
Fetullahçı terrorist organization yesterday in connection with the university structuring in Izmir within the scope of the investigation this morning was pressed for the operation button.
The operation carried out by İzmir Financial Crimes Branch Directorate in İzmir Katip Çelebi University was taken into custody at the address of 40 university suspects and 30 suspects who were detained.
There are also professors among the names taken into custody in the operation carried out with the instruction of İzmir Chief Public Prosecutor's Office.
Names taken into custody in the Directorate of Fighting with Financial Crimes Branch.
Other names are running searches.
Prosecutor detained on suicide attempt
According to the information received, the Police Department of the District, the investigation of the Viranşehir Prosecutor Ahmet Fişne'yı wanted to detain his office.
On top of that, he claimed that he would commit suicide by putting his gun on his head.
The fiche gave up his suicide by being persuaded by his colleagues and his wife who came to the judiciary.
He was taken to the District Security Directorate.
Smoking in parks and sports areas
Bilecik Mayor Selim Yagci said that at the signing ceremony held at the Sheikh Edebali Culture and Congress Center, they added a clause to the municipal police regulation at the point of no smoking in parks, sports and playgrounds.
Yağcı reminded all the public institutions about the future of the new generations that they came together with the aim of signing a protocol with the administrators and wished the protocol to be beneficial to children and young people.
Provincial Health Director Yasin Yilmaz also stated that the protocol aims to stop smoking and to remove young people from bad habits.
Following the speeches, Mayor Yağcı, Sheikh Edebali Rector Prof. Dr. İbrahim Taş, Provincial Director of Education Fazilet Durmuş, Provincial Health Director Yilmaz, Provincial Public Health Director Ömer Balcı, Deputy Secretary General of Public Hospitals Serkan Kadir Keskin and Bilecik Branch of Yesilay Association Bilecik Branch Deputy Chairman Hilal Savran signed the protocol.
He saw the pumpkin in Ergenekon, FETO killed
The Ankara Chief Public Prosecutor investigates the role of FETÖ in the mysterious death of Behçet Oktay, the President of the Special Operations Department whose file "Suicide" was closed in 2009.
Ramazan Akyürek, the head of the former Police Intelligence Department, who remained in the same lodgings with Oktay and listened to Oktay 6 days before his death as a suspect in the Hizbullah Terrorist Organization, is a suspect in the investigation.
It is claimed that some of the ammunition seized under Ergenekon investigation was stolen and buried by the police officer in the Special Operations Department and that it was killed because it was detected by Oktay.
The death of Behçet Oktay, the head of the Special Operations Unit, which was shot in Ankara on 25 February 2009, was called "suicide".
However, there were many questions.
After 2 years as a result of the legal struggle of the family and family lawyers and the evidence they showed, this time the murder investigation was opened.
The pistol, which was said to have shot Oktay himself who was left-handed, was in the right hand.
In addition, fractures in the ribs and scars in the body were detected.
The case related to the murder investigation was opened in May of 2012.
In the murder case, only Halil Kesici, who was present at the time of his death and had gunshot in his hand, was tried.
The cutter was acquitted at the end of the trial.
Nurhan Önder, who was in prison for another crime and sent a letter to the prosecutor's office saying that he was involved in the death of Oktay, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for "committing crimes and misleading the judicial authorities".
IT IS RESPONSIBLE
In the meantime, while prosecutor Huseyin Yalcin, who is called "suicide", retired, he was promoted to Mustafa Düzgün Court of Cassation, who conducted the murder investigation.
The Oktay family wants these prosecutors to investigate the autopsy prosecutor Nihat Yildirim.
Behçet Oktay's sister Şule Oktay and his brother Nezih Oktay and family lawyers were in many demands during the trial.
Halil Kesici'nin Oktay'ın specially trained to say that it is impossible to kill the family alone, the investigation wanted to expand.
The family, who said that the incident was overruled, asked prosecutors Hüseyin Yalçın and Mustafa Düzgün and Behçet Oktay to file and prosecute security officers who wanted to close the file as suicide.
It turned out that all requests were rejected by the family, while Oktay was resting with his fake name "Abdurrahman Doğru" as a member of the Hizbullah Terrorist Organization 6 days before his death.
Ramazan Akyürek, the head of the Department of Police Intelligence, was also identified as the one who had to listen.
Upon this development, the Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office, which reconsidered the file of Behçet Oktay, began to examine the finger of Fetullahçı Terrorist Organization (FETO) in the cinema.
The trial against the illegal hearing of Oktay will begin on September 19th at the Ankara Heavy Penal Court.
There are NATURAL FUTURES behind
The Oktay family, seen by SABAH, is hopeful from the current investigation being conducted.
Family members say that during the pre-emptive investigation and trial they had covered up the FETO finger on the murder.
Sister Oktay sister, "This murder actually showed the show."
We can not perceive it.
Before my brother was murdered, he said, "They will eat me."
I said 'Kim'.
Then he pointed to FETÖ.
I thought it would be taken out of duty.
I never brought death to mind.
Behind this is of course FETO.
"At that time management was in their possession," he said.
The martyr called the genocide family, joined the prayer
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the family of the democratic martyr student Ömer Can Açıkgöz through the AK Party Sinop deputy Nazim Maviş after the last night, which was interrupted by democracy bouts, to address the citizens in the garden of the presidential mansion.
Father Fahrettin Açıkgöz stated that at the time of praying for his son at 01.30, a telephone came in. "President Sayin also participated in prayer."
"I also said that the health of our country and of ours is important to us," he said.
'YOUR HEALTHY IS IMPORTANT FOR OUR'
President Erdogan addressed the citizens in front of the Presidential Kulliya the previous evening.
Erdogan, meeting ended in the night after a speech with some citizens came together in the Kulliye.
Tayyip Erdogan, who walked together holding an elderly tailsman who came to the democracy vigil, chatted with the citizens one by one, he was interested in children and thanked the citizens for his sacrifices.
Erdogan then, through the AK Party deputy Nazim Maviş'in Sinop 15 July, the father of the martyr Omer Can Açıkgöz Fahrettin Açıkgöz'ü called.
Fahrettin Açıkgöz, a 21-year-old student at TOBB University Law School, who was shot in front of the Presidential Complex, said that President Erdogan is calling for his son and martyrs at home at 01.30 at night. He said, "My President President prayed for my son.
I also said that the health of our country and of ours is very important to us.
"We were delighted that Mr. President had called and prayed on the phone," he said.
The pyramid of the FETO was one place
In Izmir Urla 26 FETO was arrested.
Among the arrested, there is also Kurtuluş Naip Hepyalçın, who is called as "mütegallibe" (bullying) within the organization in the direction of the victims' expressions and threatens to end the subscription of Zaman newspaper.
In Uşak, 20 sisters of FETÖ's detainee were arrested.
In Bursa, 24 people, including the former Bursa Police Chief Ali Osman Kahya, were referred to the judiciary.
DOCTOR IMMIGRAPHY
Aydin Tünbel, the imam responsible for doctors in Edirne, was arrested.
14 professors in Denizli Pamukkale University, 30 in Alanya Alaaddin Keykubat University, 2 academicians in Karabük University, and FETO lieutenant Colonel Hilmi Sandal in Rize were taken into custody.
In Diyarbakir, 8 judges and prosecutors, 2 deputy governors and 2 district governors were taken into custody.
It was learned that one of the judges was held in the courtroom of the detention.
In Batman, Deputy Governor Şener Çağlar was taken into custody.
Two police chiefs were arrested in Istanbul Police Department on 465 policemen.
51 imams in Konya, 14 in Kayseri, 14 in Malatya, 10 police in Siirt Province Naim S. was arrested in Adana.
Protecting the traitor PKK
Turkey, which has been struggling to end PKK terror for over 40 years, has begun to face the day why Turkey can not destroy its leaders in this struggle.
The PKK militants, who have penetrated the critical institutions of Turkey, have worked to link the arm of Turkey to the four sides.
At this point, serious doubts and evidences about the fact that Hrant Dink Murder, Uludere incident, the fall of the Russian plane were behind the critical events, have begun to appear.
VERY HORN
It turned out that the record of TFG Brigadier General Gökhan Şahin Sönmezateş, who led the operation and the assassination of President Tayyip Erdoğan's hotel in Marmaris during the coup attempt of July 15, appeared to be quite fluffy.
It was previously determined that Sönmezateş informed the terrorists that the air operations to be carried out against the PKK were taking off.
Investigations made by the intelligence units also revealed that the registry of Gökhan Sönmezateş is fluffy.
TERRORISTS GUARD
In addition to leakage of intelligence into the PKK, Turkish war planes have not fully hit the targets set in the agenda.
It was claimed that the intelligence given by MİT in the footsteps of Kandil regarding the leader of the terrorist organization PKK was prevented from being hit by Gökhan Sönmezateş.
With the change of the coordinates, it was determined that the war planes that flew to destroy the PKK's leader cadres, hit the places on the sides of the targets, and so were the terrorist leaders.
In the intelligence investigation, it turned out that Sönmezateş played a key role both in deflecting the targets and in escaping from PKK terrorists without fleeing the F-16s.
37,000 officers file open
Following the instruction of the terrorist head Fetullah Gulen, the rebellion process was launched in the Turkish Armed Forces and the Ministry of National Defense after the repression of the coup attempt by the members of the FETO.
Especially when it was understood that the entrance questions of military high school students were stolen by FETÖ, military students who were not members of the organization were sent out from the schools, a comprehensive cleaning process was initiated.
39 thousand 287 officers in recent exporters back to approximately 37 thousand officers while the general and american cleaning for these officers will be made.
Especially for those who are up to the rank of colonel from the lieutenants, the turf will be frozen.
A thorough investigation will be completed before proceeding.
The file of 37,000 officers started to open one by one.
A work of forty kilos will be uncovered by soldiers from the FETO.
Officers who are not affiliated with the FETO will continue their duties.
It is stated that the last battle of the army will last until the clean up, officers' advancement will come only after the investigation.
MIT, Police Intelligence and State Supervision Board are conducting the investigation together.
The officers who opened the file in the scope of the investigation are investigating the ranks, the positions they have taken, the places they have been working for and the commanders by finishing the gun or the war school.
In addition, even if they are members of the FETO whether they will be investigated by a study of the forty-fifty.
Any measures will be taken to ensure that officers who have no connection with FETÖ are not adversely affected by the process.
If the slightest suspicion is found, the officer will be taken immediately to the judiciary and sent to the judiciary.
The connection of those who have been identified with the FETO connection and those who have information and documents in their rights will be stopped immediately.
While all these transactions are frozen, the review will be deepened.
Necessary precautions will also be taken to ensure that no vacancies occur after the expeditions.
Those who are thrown from the TSK with the FETO caliber and forced retirees will be able to return to their professions with the same personal rights as the equivalent staff and after the security investigation if they want.
2 THOUSAND 133 SUBMITTED ISSUED
The number of personnel of the Turkish General Staff has been announced as 1 39 thousand 287 officers on 1 July.
The majority of 32 thousand 289 personnel in the officer class, consisting of lieutenants, first lieutenants, captains, lieutenants, lieutenant colonels and colonels, were stationed in the Land, Air and Naval forces.
However, the first wave on July 27 was issued by 99 military officers, 726 of whom were on land, 314 on Air and 59 on the Naval Forces.
Thirty-one hundred officers, including the 125th Land and 909 General Command of the Gendarmerie, were interrupted by the TSK on July 31st.
Pehlivanoglu: Turkes "poisoned by the FETO
Başsemis Tahsin Pehlivanoglu retired from the protection of Alparslan Türkeş, the founder and first general president of the MHP, claiming that Turkes was killed by poisoning and that one of the family members made it in cooperation with the FETO.
Pehlivanoglu, who was with Turkes every time from 1977 until his death in 1997, said, "I did not tell anyone until today, but I had to talk after seeing Muhsin Yazicioglu was watching the view of the soldier from the helicopter and that the same soldier was in the dutymen to kill our President.
Here is what the protection of Turkes says:
In 1997 we went to Germany.
We had a check-up at the head office 3 days before we arrived.
Fikret, a 33-year-old Burdur doctor who checks up, says, "You look like a teenager."
"You have nothing," he said.
This doctor died 1 month after the heart attack.
We returned to Ankara on April 3rd.
My head went to Amasya.
On the way back, they called me and went to a nickname in Ankara Hilton.
After leaving the nişandan Turkars driver Alparslan "Open the rear window" he says.
He would not open glass in his life.
There is a sound when you open the window.
At the Çankaya Medical Center first, heart massage, electrostructures, but finished.
We took him to the Bayındır Medical Center together, but he was in business.
I think someone in the family poisoned Amasya.
No autopsy was conducted on Turkes.
His ex-wife, Seval Turkes, had heard of my discomfort and rhetoric, saying that he had come out and declared that he was "killing the Turk".
The human conquest is made of graves, and the grave is opened.
It's called a heart attack.
The tomb of Turkes should be opened again.
Alparslan Turkes were killed?
They were arrested for missing gold in Pennsylvania!
The operation organized for the construction of businessmen of the PTZ / PDY in Izmir was confiscated during the shipment to Pennsylvania, under the weight of 1.5 kilos.
In the operation conducted at the workplace, it was learned that there were more than 30 kilograms of unique gold in Pennsylvania waiting to be kidnapped.
Businessman Mehmet Eldem's workplace in the Eldem Kuyumculuk'ta prepared to be sent to Pennsylvania gold after the arrest of three people arrested and sent to prison.
Furthermore, businessmen who were taken into custody in the operation carried out in the scope of the investigation carried out in İzmir were arrested Mustafa Özkara, Ezel Seçilmiş and Rasul.
In the operation organized by the Izmir Provincial Police Department Anti-Financial Crimes Branch Office on 29 July, Mustafa Özkara, Chairman of Ege and West Mediterranean Industry and Businessmen Federation (ESİDEF), and Batınak Transit Transportation Petroleum and Trade Company Co. (BALPET) were elected Ezel and Rasul.
While trying to escape to Kyrgyzstan, ESİDEF President Özkara, who was caught in İzmir Adnan Menderes Airport, was determined to be the son of Osman Gürbüz Özkara, who was in the first board of trustees of Fetullah Gülen, and that FETÖ was one of the most important names in Aegean Region.
Other businessmen who were taken into custody for allegedly providing financial resources to FETÖ were reported to be confiscated at the 5 gas stations they owned by Ezel and Rasul Seçilmiş.
1 hour driving and 3 gasoline
The event took place the night we passed in Kartal.
With the vehicle they were trying to grasp, the two suspects who came to the Kartal had another petrol station 300 meters ahead, followed by a gas station on the side road, and then another army on the side road.
Eagle policemen in the aftermath of the robbery that was done in a short time to detect and began the capture work.
Police teams took the tools used by suspects C.Ş. and U.A. followed.
The police also fired at the same time the suspects started to escape from the vehicle they were using from the direction of the eagle square.
One of the suspects after the chase on foot was caught on the Boulevard of Sovereignty.
In the direction of the information he received from Polis C.Ş., he caught the second suspect in a short time.
The suspects were arrested and sent to prison following the procedures in Kartal Public Security Bureau.
On the other hand, masked robbery was recorded by the cameras.
In the images reflected on the security cameras of the petrol station, the suspect enters the petrol station first, explores, then wears masks in the vehicle outside and takes his guns and enters the markete again.
The first suspect entering Markete and the market employee is struggling first.
The market employee is attacked and then the suspect goes out with the mask and the weapon he puts on the other person's head.
After neutralizing the suspects who pulled his weapon, he took 6 thousand 200 liras in the car and escaped.
Approximately 15 thousand pounds, which they have seized from 3 stations in the upper searches made by the suspects, an unlicensed weapon and the vehicles they were seizing were seized.
7.2 magnitude earthquake in the Pacific Ocean
The US Geological Survey Center (USGS) announced that its epicenter, the New Caledonia Island, was recorded at a depth of 10 kilometers (10 miles) from the sea bed of the epicenter 109 kilometers east.
After the earthquake did not lead to loss of life and property, the tsunami warning was canceled shortly.
The "Pacific Fire Circle" is located in the earthquake zone of Vanuatu.
Unknown martyrdom prayer
15 July night The relatives of Çetin Can, who is 38 years old and martyrs at the Bosphorus Bridge, protect their fortunes.
His wife, Fatma Can, said that while he had not heard from the coup attempt yet, he told his wife that he had learned a sigh of martyrdom performed during the month of Shawwal, and that he had made martyr prayer at home and recommended this prayer to him.
After the ceremony, they watched the news on television in the evening and they told them that they learned the coup attempt.
We got ready and we went out together.
When we went to the bridge, there were people waiting there.
He did not enter the bridge, he fired 2 times over the tank.
We got the fence, then we continued walking while the tank went.
There was a point where a big bus stopped on the bridge.
It was very crowded.
We stopped there for a while, we waited.
We thought what to do when we could not move on.
Çetin wanted us to go side by side.
I guess the sniper on the side is a clear target, and it was shot there.
Four hours after he made that prayer he was martyred.
He did not have a pulse.
A wisdom of God ...
God who gives, Allah is the field.
My wife had previously said, "When I die, I plant a tree that gives fruit to the grave."
I made this wish by planting a plum tree to the grave.
Fatma Can said that he owes gratitude to President Erdogan for visiting them and said, "God bless him."
The skull and bone fragments were found in the excavations!
According to the information obtained, at 20.00 on the occasion of Çankaya Fakülteler Mahallesi Beside the railway line at the intersection of Yeni Ankara Caddesi and Coskunlar Caddesi, the pieces of bone came out of the ground during the work of the work machines to lay the electrical system.
The police and the workers and the residents of the neighborhood reported on the situation.
Police teams were dispatched to the scene on the notice.
The police, who saw the skulls and bone fragments coming out of the work machines during their work, informed the scene investigation teams.
After the work of the crime scene investigators, the bone fragments were bagged and taken to the forensic medicine institution.
Residents of the neighborhood claimed that there was an old cemetery where the parts of the bones were removed, that in the 1960's the cemetery was built on the cemetery, and then the gecekondans were demolished.
An investigation was started on the case.
Rita's killer can take up to 4 months
34 days after disappearing in Istanbul, the German hairdresser Rita Miller Winkler (39), who was found dead in Izmit Gölcük, stated that the murder suspect boyfriend, who was arrested in Germany after 4 months, could last for 4 months in Turkey.
Winkler arrived in Turkey on Thursday March 3 to meet his boyfriend Ali Kemal S. (46).
After meeting with Ali Kemal S. in Istanbul Pendik, he returned to Germany with a loss on Wednesday morning, March 9.
The investigations carried out by the Istanbul police on the loss of his family's intention focused on Winkler's married boyfriend Ali Kemal S.
On April 13, he reported that he had excavated at Müge Anlı and Sweet Tough Program, Ali Kemal S., his brother Hüseyin S. and Gölcük, which was published on ATV screens.
The call was made at the workplace upon notice.
Winkler's body was buried on the floor of his workplace.
His brother, Hüseyin S. (42), who was evaluating and asserting conflicting expressions that helped Ali Kemal S. about the murder, was arrested.
Suspect Ali Kemal S. was lost in Germany after Winkler's body was found.
Chief Prosecutor Hamm reported that Ali Kemal S., who was wanted by Interpol in 190 countries, was caught while walking down the street and that the police did not resist.
The German Chief Public Prosecutor explained that his suspects had not yet identified where they were hiding until now, and that the return period to Turkey could also be four months.
It turned out that the FATO submarines fired at the mosque in order to silence the readings of the glass next to the Aircraft Base on July 15th.
SABAH reached the expression given by the imam of the mosque during a complaint made "in the name of the sanctuary" with the attack images directed to TAI TUSAŞ Mosque, the nearest mosque to Akıncı Base.
According to the information received, the coupans started to shoot at the loudspeakers directly from the distance of about 50 meters shortly after they started to read the sala.
One of the bullets hit a 4 on the edge of the speaker.
The couriers were able to hit the loudspeaker until the end of the sala from the central system.
According to the minutes of the crime scene, the intruders broke the door of the glass with the intention of killing the imam and wandered inside with their couches.
Mosque Imam Mustafa Sugar also said: "I am not injured personally, there is no complaint, but I want to be punished with the heaviest punishment of these people who can shoot even the mosque and martyrs of the Kazan people."
Young people killed drugs in the festival
Istanbul Sarıyer'de last week's youth festival in the hospital was lifted to the illness of 5 people lost 2 lives.
According to the information received, a youth festival held in Bahçeköy on August 6, 5 of the participants were taken ill to the hospital.
Tugay Ergin (19) and Gökhan Alataş (19), who were under treatment, lost their lives.
The treatment of 3 people is ongoing.
Police were arrested for detaining five people who were told that they were selling drug pills to the youth participating in the festival.
5 suspects, who were referred to the judiciary following their court proceedings, were arrested and 2 were released pending trial.
Research on the cause of death of young people is also continuing.
Two of the 6 teenagers who camped and camped in the coastal town of Balikesir in Balikesir province fenalaştı.
B.D., and G.C., who have been hospitalized, have lost their lives.
The other 4 young people were taken to the police headquarters to take expressions after their treatment.
A separate bomb exploded in front of his wife's house
A 41-year-old living in Bursa, a handmade bomb exploded in his own home in front of his rented house, about 8-9 months ago, when his wife left the house because of severe incompatibility and filled the nail with a ball.
Yesterday evening, due to the explosion of the citizens of fear and panic, while the partition of the ball and nail in the background scattered around the many windows of the house caused the breakage.
Anti-terrorism teams started work to catch M.Y'ym stated that they are escaped and unemployed after the event.
Residents of the neighborhood noted that the woman had left the house about a month ago due to the pressures of her husband and settled in the shelter.
Explosion in prison in Philippines: 10 dead
Senior Inspector Xavier Solda, the spokesman of the Prison Administration and Penology Bureau, said that in the Paranaque Prison in Manila, two of the 10 Chinese prisoners lost their lives in the explosion, whose cause has yet to be determined.
"We have confirmed that there was an explosion in the first examinations," said Solda, who stated that a guard in the explosion was seriously injured.
"Investigations are continuing on the cause of the explosion," he said.
Earlier, he reported that the prisoners had been investigating reports that they wanted to see the guard when they learned they were going to be sent to another building, saying that the investigators were investigating whether the detonation was part of an escape attempt.
Police officer Jose Carumba reported in his local press statement that the guard fired at the prisoners after he heard a gunshot, on top of which a nearby hand bomb exploded.
Corumba noted that the authorities were investigating how prisoners who shot guards put their weapons in prison.
Explosions in Thailand
Three people died in the explosions in four cities in the south of Thailand.
Authorities said three people were killed in the explosions in Trang, Hua Hin, Surat Thani and Phuket, and 35 people, including tourists, were injured.
Police Spokesperson Phi Phi Muang explained at the press conference that bombed attacks were not linked to terrorism.
Phingmuang, "Thailand has no regional or religious problems with anyone."
"We think this is an internal sabotage action".
Junta leader Prayut Chan-oce also told journalists that he did not want to comment on who was behind the explosions.
Oce said, "We must focus on calm, peace and confidence."
Last year, 20 people lost their lives and 120 people were injured in a bombed attack near Erawan Temple in Rajprasong, capital city of Bangkok on 17 August.
"Sleeping Cruel" to be executed with a poisoned needle
Lonnie David Franklin, aged 63, nicknamed "Grim Sleeper" (Sleeping Cruel), arrested for at least 10 murders in the US for many years, was sentenced to death.
Franklin, a former clean-up worker, chose life women and drug addicts in their murders.
Judge Kathleen Kennedy, who judged Franklin, said to the accused, "I have seen such monstrous and cruel crime as you in my life."
Franklin is said to be one of the bloodiest murderers in California history.
Franklin, convicted of deliberately killing 10 people and attempting to commit a homicide, was learned to be executed with a poisoned needle.
Measures against VET in Macedonia
Macedonian State Minister Furkan Cako said that the extensions of FETÖ's countries are taking place in the legal direction and for initiating the necessary investigations.
"It is known to the public," said Minister Çako, who reminded that the group also had activities in the media and business circles in Macedonia at the same time.
The Turks do not give their children to the schools of FETO anymore.
We are also calling for our children not to send their children away.
"This structure, which has benefited from the hospitality and well-being of the people, is well known by the public".
The sky will be the scene of meteor shower
Professor Hasan Esenoglu, Associate Professor of TUBITAK National Observatory and Istanbul University Astronomy and Space Sciences Department, told AA correspondent that Perseid will reach the highest level of the night connecting Friday, August 12, to Saturday, August 13th.
With the effect of sun rays and gravity, thousands of pieces were separated from the comet named "Swift - tuttle", indicating that Perseid skystone rain was formed, and that this situation would turn into a natural visual feast.
Esenoglu stated that the Perseid sky stone was first discovered in 1862 and that it has begun to be seen again in the world since the 1990s.
Perseid sky rock rain can be watched in July and August, Esenoglu expressed, "We are watching a visual feast like this, we should not be interested."
After all, this is a natural visual feast.
"It will contribute to the betterment of the universe," he said.
It will be red when it is cold, white when it is warm
Esenoglu pointed out that some of the fragments that fall during the rainfall will fall on the earth in the size of lentils, he continued as follows:
Perseid temperatures can be up to 2 thousand cents.
Due to warming and rubbing in the atmosphere, perseids produce red in the cold and white in the natural environment.
It can be informed by writing how many celestial rocks are seen from the website of the International Meteorological Organization.
This data is valuable because it is collected from all over the world.
May be watched all night
Esenoglu reminded that the skyscraper rain progressed at approximately 60 kilometers in the second, he said that this visual festival in the sky could be watched all night long from places with little light in the northeast direction.
Esenoglu said that more than 100 heavenly rock springs came to the water every year. After the Perseid sky rock rain, Geminid sky stone rain on 4-17 December was a natural event worth watching.
Less educated, former footballer Erdogan
This equilibrium was a winning alliance of populist Islamists led by less-educated former footballer Recep Tayyip Erdogan and a highly educated follower who founded more schools, dozens of universities and educational institutes than Fetullah Gulen, a large religious entrepreneur, from Texas to Tashkent.
The translation above is a translation of a sentence that came out in the Foreign Policy last week.
Erdogan, who is a university graduate, is a poorly educated and old football player, and Gülen, who is a primary school graduate, is widely described as a broad entrepreneur, and these and similar articles, which are clearly praised by Gulen ministers, frequently appear in the Western press.
After that, on the other hand they are trying to explain the proclamations starting with "Because of Erdogan ..." in their article "Why is America and / or Western antagonism rising in Turkey?".
It is possible to imagine that the analysts who see Turkey's anti-Westernism as a phenomenon that emerged during Erdogan's era are from Turkey's history.
In fact, if we look at the statistics, the first decade of the Erdogan era can be read as a period in which the anti-Westernism in Turkey declines or remains in the middle.
This was in good agreement with the European Union and the United States in a synchronized manner over the past decade.
There are many reasons such as Erdogan's "one-minute" criticism of Israel, the EU's lack of a clear policy on the EU's assassination of Syria's regime and the reduction of the unity with the support of US and Baghdad administration as well as the support of US government and Baghdad administration as well as Mosul and other similar reasons such as Schulz's unconstitutionality.
Let's say that we have forgotten that no support from our so-called EU countries and the United States until the failure of the coup d'état proved unsuccessful, that we were waiting for the 'first peacefulness and stability in Turkey' to be built in Kerry's first speech, and that no emphasis was given to democracy and the elected ruler.
How would it be forgotten that no president from any Western country who was 'ally' to Turkey even though a month has passed since the coup attempt in which 247 people who resisted tanks for democracy were killed, though many leaders from around the world, including Turkey, participated in the protest march because 11 Charlie Hebdo workers were killed in Paris.
What do we say to the refugees issue that the president or high-level representatives, who come several times a year, send low-level representatives?
How will we evaluate all the EU and US ambassadors for a past visit and not visit a solidarity visit with the bombed Turkish Grand National Assembly because the Hurriyet newspaper's window is broken?
If it is recalled that in the first two weeks of the coup in Egypt, the EU has sent a senior representative to shake hands with the coup leader Sisi and that Kerry's "post democracy is being rebuilt" in the aftermath of the coup, it is recalled that the Western countries that are concerned about Turkey's democracy at all times are insincere in Turkey.
Even if Gülen is allowed to live freely in the US, which 95% of the people regard as the responsibility of the darben, it is enough to get the Turkish people out of the moment.
If the background I have mentioned above is added to this, I think it is clear that the rising Western / American opposition is a situation that can not be explained only with Erdogan.
Moreover, Erdogan did not even say that he thought the US influence was in the narrow streets ...
So the chest is never a detail
Traveling minds who humiliate their own people as small, "policemen", who do not consider themselves as ignorant "excrement rubbish", can they play the same after 15th of July?
After seeing how these people got to the state and democracy, would they have searched for the answer "Where are we wrong"?
But there are so many questions that should be answered?
Being Traitors Officers who have served at various levels until now and are given the right to use their state's weapons, have agreed to enter the status of "Traitor" and seek refuge from foreign states.
We need to see how we live in an environment of mental distortion and that obsessions toward the person lead people to behaviors that are perverted.
Irrigated Brains As for the coup attempt ...
Was there a point of view for those who participated in this action, beyond comparing Turkey's cities to those of Syria?
Why is an officer bombing his country's parliament?
From the brains that were watered with the cries of FETÖ, we should not have fallen into a misconception as to expect reasonable behaviors.
Other responsibilities But we know that not only is the Fellows responsible for everything.
The staff who presented politics as a profession of hatred and hatred have made the necessary contributions to the tragedies experienced.
The aymazlar, who presented themselves as "Aydın", also believed that all kinds of irregular behavior and even rudeness were natural.
When we give weapons to the hands of those who hate their own people, we have even seen how they open fire to the people.
The way of democracy, the way we know
I say something very simple: On the evening of July 15th, Turkish soldiers of the Peoples Republic of Turkiye gave 250 martyrs to haramilere, sergerdeleye and set up democracy to save.
But behind July 15, there are three periods: 1992-2002;
There are three changes made in these three periods: economic, social, political.
Two major cases of social change have been created: immigration from the countryside to the metropolis, and the centering of these immigrants after being held around the cities for a very long time.
On Wednesday, I mentioned that this is via the metro.
I also stressed that it is the most important element of social change, not to mention the Metro.
The second major change in the same direction is the bridges and roads.
The contribution of the road and the bridge to modernization is more easily understood.
Road income, economic and social structure changes.
In our case, however, it has changed the political structure.
I have been spotting this historic Istanbul with the bridges thrown over the Bosporus.
Demirel has built the Bosphorus Bridge.
This was the peak of the post-1950 peasant movement in the 1960s.
Ozal continued with the second bridge we changed as the 15th of July Martyrs Bridge, not to proceed in the same direction.
Even their pathways show the relationship established between the environment and the center.
It is also a sign of how social change is being pursued.
The aim of Demirel and Özal was to dissolve large masses in the center.
It was to adopt the center's ideology to them.
AK Party did not make the third bridge for many years.
Because migration was driving at full speed.
The incoming people were placed in satellite towns.
A closed system was established in those regions.
Local governments of the AK Party gave people more work, social status, they voted for the AK Party.
Thus, the masses wanted not to be centralized but to acquire political consciousness in the environment and to come to the center as 'after themselves'.
This formation was related to the ongoing headscarf debate (1992-2002) before the AK Party.
These debates accepted the obligation of conservative, mutual, and provincial people to stay side by side, not central integration.
The AK Party acted with the method that I mentioned after 2002 to politicize, politicize and mature.
After that, note now, the democratic struggle on July 15th is concurrent with the construction of the 3rd Bridge.
So history and sociology overlap.
I add one more dimension to this: the AK Party's mentioned movements are not limited to Istanbul bridges.
Something more interesting is happening: The AK Party now integrates the surrounding cities with the central cities.
This is provided through two bridges.
One, Osmangazi Bridge.
Two, bridge to Canakkale 1915.
Add routes to it.
Turkey will now travel from Thrace to Izmir from another route.
Do you know what this means, İzmir will be a completely different city from now on.
Let's say, the AK Party 'from inside' can not receive Izmir 'from the outside' will now.
Now Bursa, now Çanakkale, now Thracian cities will be transformed into other human and social geography.
That's it!
The martyrs of July 15 are the stars of this great adventure.
Van Persie and cheerful training in Fenerbahçe
Fenerbahce, Grasshoppers continued training in the morning preparations for the match.
The training started at 10.00 at the management of coach Vitor Pereira in Can Bartu Facilities, lasting 1 hour and 30 minutes in total.
After the core training, which was held at Salonda and lasted for 30 minutes, the players came out to the field, and with the running and warming movements they made grabbing and rusting of 5 balls to 2 balls.
The training was completed with double castle matches made on narrow ala.
Fenerbahce, training will continue in the evening today, preparations will continue.
Aziz Yildirim complained to Gülen ...
There are new developments in the Handicraft Operation for Fenerbahçe.
Journalist Hüseyin Gülerce, who participated in a program published on CNN Türk and explained that this operation was done by FETÖ, said: "A name from sports world raised the words about Aziz Yildirim himself to Fethullah Gulen."
"Lightning one day on the plane this person 'What you're doing next to Fethullah Gulen Fethullah," he said.
Fethullah Gulen also put on Aziz Yildirim when this person conveyed these words to Gulen.
Why did he wear Aziz Yildirim?
The head of the club, which is the most supporter of Turkey, thinks that this mentality can harm him.
He used the phrase "to quash Aziz Yildirim's quiz question."
A statement following these words came from Faik Işık, one of the major lawyers of the Şike Trial.
Işık Habertürk'ta published in the program of Opposing Opinion and Aziz Yildirim Fethullah Gülen Fethullah Gülen 's ringleader explained the person who complained.
Here are the words of Faik Işık:
Aziz Yildirim says something about İhsan Kalkavan about Fethullah Gülen.
It comes from Azerbaijan, on a private plane.
Aziz is a humorous man, and he sings with skepticism when criticizing one.
Those sinking cues maybe a little bleeding.
Some of them may react.
These sentences are grown one time.
Towels, himmetler, it is not such tolerable acceptance that so many of your businessmen go to Hajj and Umre.
They say what they are doing, they criticize it very seriously.
Of course this is not the only problem.
In the meantime, there is also a football team.
Direct connections of some football players and managers from Galatasaray Club and Hakan Şükür ...
Muharrem Usta: The game of chic is different
Trabzonspor President Muharrem Usta extended the friendship hand to Fenerbahçe.
He said that Turkey's case is the subject of all the clubs. "We are on this country with 79 million."
We must show a steady attitude.
If there is a problem with Fenerbahçe's FETO, if an injustice is done, I will stand behind Fenerbahçe.
"However, the match-fixing issue between Trabzonspor and Fenerbahce is different," he said.
Sacrifice prices announced
Karabulut, said: "As the union of the living sacrifice price of 18 pounds per kilogram we have determined."
"We have 17 kilograms of live weight in the heifer price and 15 kilograms of live kilograms in the second class."
Karabulut pointed out that the animals that were not to be sacrificed last year were also sold, and he explained what the citizens should be careful of when taking the sacrifice:
Particular attention should be paid to earlobes in animals.
It is also very important that the animal is healthy.
For this, our citizens can control the vaccination of the animal's passport while receiving the victim.
From the outside it must be that the victim is alive and alive, with the feather on it.
There should be no signs of saliva or slime on your face.
We have seen animals that have not been sacrificed in the past have also been sold and sold.
A sacrificial animal needs to be 2 years old.
We can understand this by looking at the animal's teeth.
A 2-year-old animal had a tooth called 'cover'.
But those smaller than the age of the teeth did not come out.
As an image the animal may be large, but the lid may not have been removed.
It is immediately noticed that the cover teeth are already larger than others.
Rize airport to be made to sea
The second airport to be constructed with sea filling in Turkey will be Rize Airport.
Rize Airport, a 266-hectare area between the Pazar district of Yesilkoy Village and the Maiden's Tower, will be built on a 26 to 32 meter sea surface from the shore.
Due to the depth of the Rize airport construction, approximately 3 times more filling material used at Ordu-Giresun Airport will be used.
Within the scope of the project, apron will be constructed with 45 meters width and 3 thousand meters length, which 36 aircraft can make landing and take off at the hour.
Rize Airport, which will serve passenger and cargo aircraft in general, is expected to serve aircraft with composition class D, turbulence class heavy, departure weight more than 150 thousand kilograms.
The first stage will be the sea ridge, runway, apron, taxiway, environment, safety wire mesh, breakwater, PAT areas and environmental lighting works for the Rize Airport project which will be put on sale by the General Directorate of Transport, Maritime Affairs and Communications, Infrastructure Investments on September 8.
These jobs will cost 600 million liras.
After the infrastructure works, the construction of the superstructure including the terminal buildings will be done by spending 150 million liras.
The construction of Rize Airport will be completed in 2 years and 9 months.
8 cents increase in motor
Fuel distribution companies raised an average of 8 cents a liter to the engine's weight, effective tonight.
According to the information obtained from the Petroleum Products Employers' Union (PÜİS), the price of the engine will increase by 8 cents on August 13, 2016.
Accordingly, the average price of 3.80 pounds in Ankara, the engine will rise to 3.76 liras.
The price of the engine will be 3.73 liras from 3.63 liras in Istanbul and 3.67 liras from 3.66 liras in Izmir.
The prices determined by the distribution companies can vary slightly depending on the companies and cities due to competition and freedom.
Fuel distribution companies made a price increase of four cents per liter of the engine last Friday.
Here is Galatasaray footballers in Gulen's chat
It was revealed that Galatasaray and national soccer players who stamped Turkish football for a while took part in the conversation of FETÖ ringleader Fetullah Gülen in 1996.
Hakan Ünsal, Mert Korkmaz, Okan Buruk, Arif Erdem, Ismail Demiriz, Ugur Tütüneker and Yusuf Tepekule are clearly visible among the footballers who listened to Fetullah Gulen's conversation in the image that was said to be shot in 1996.
Gulen, of course, talking about Galatasaray, "4 goals scored win" expression used.
Said Alpsoy, formerly known as FETO's former soccer imam, recently told the SABAH newspaper that "Turkey was distributing premiums as the world's third in 2002".
Emre, Okan, Hakan Şükür, Hakan Unsal and Arif collected money from these premiums.
The money was 250,000 or 500,000 dollars.
Arif Erdem took this money to Pennsylvania.
"Gulen later told Arif that the diets were misplaced".
National soccer players participated in Gulen's chat!
Emel Dereli bid farewell to Rio
In the 2016 Rio Olympic Games athletics branch, national athlete Emel Dereli, representing women in Turkey at the shot, could not pass the rules.
In the athletics competitions organized at the Olympic Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, women's throwing opponents have come to an end.
Emel Dereli, the last European third, made an invalid shot at 17.01 on the first, 16.86 meters on the second, and the third shot.
The national athlete who took the 11th in the series, the 24th in the total, could not stay in the final and bid farewell to the Olympics.
Both actors and sporty directors are old!
Galatasaray Daikin from Volleyball Sultans League teams extended the contract of captain Nihan Güneyligil and made an agreement with the athlete as both a player and a sporty manager.
In the statement made from the yellow-red club, we signed a contract with a 34-year-old athlete as both a player and a sporty manager, saying: "We wish heartfelt success to Captain Nihan Güneyligil who has a character as important as a successful volleyball career as well as at least his career."
Nihan, who lived with his first league experience in Bursaspor formation in his career, then wore 75th Year, Besiktas, VakifBank Güneş Sigorta and Fenerbahçe Formats respectively.
Nihan Güneyligil was awarded Turkish Fair Play awards organized by Turkish Volleyball Federation (TVF) 2016 TBVL Fair Play and Turkish National Olympic Committee.
Volleyball Efeler League teams Galatasaray HDI Insurance's national sports player Can Ayvazoğlu will be a sporty manager at the same time on his new season.
In the statement made from the yellow-red club, he stated that he was understood as a player and a sporty manager for the 2016-2017 season with Can. "We wish every success in Galatasaray to be successful in his new role in dear Can Ayvazoğlu, who has great character as well as his career in sports."
Chinese business in table tennis final!
2016 Rio Olympic Games table tennis single men, Chinese Long Ma won the gold medal.
In table tennis competitions in Riocentro in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, medals were distributed in single men.
In the final, Ma, who beat Jike Zhang 4-0, won the gold medal.
In the only men Zhang has been awarded with a silver medal, the Japanese Yun Mizutani won the bronze medal, defeating Belarusian Vladimir Samsonov 4-1 in the third match.
Earned the first medal on Fiji
Men playing in the Deodoro Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, met with Great Britain and Fiji in the seventh rugby final.
Fiji, who defeated his opponent 43-7, won the gold medal.
The bronze medal in Great Britain's silver medal was South Africa, which defeated Japan 54-14.
Cuneyt Cakir's critical match in the Olympics
Cuneyt Cakir from FIFA scorpions will whistle at the Brazil-Colombia match to be played at the 2016 Olympics in Brazil.
Cuneyt Cakir's assistants Bahattin Duran and Tarık Ongun will be undertaken.
The fourth match will be the French Clement Turpin.
The match at Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo will start at 22.00 local time.
Cuneyt Çakır, who is in the UEFA Elite Referee category, has been in the international tournament finals for the ninth time in his career.
5,000 policemen in Istanbul!
Within the scope of the "Yeditepe Huzur" public order application in Istanbul, helicopter-supported supervision is carried out with participation of 5 thousand policemen in 39 districts.
Istanbul police chief Dr. Mustafa Çalışkan participated in the public order initiated in the evening in the evening by numerous police officers who are involved in fighting narcotics, combating financial crime, combating terrorism, smuggling and organizing crime, special operations, agile forces and traffic teams.
General Information Scan (GBT) checks for suspects focus on suspects carrying weapons, knives, and drugs in inspections.
Sea policemen also supported the practice in the coastal strips.
Kadıköy Söğütlüçeşme metrobus station in the applications continued in the applications of GBT inquiries, as well as hand bags and suitcases were also checked.
Police helicopters also give support to the practice in which the traffic controls are made.
It was learned that the application would run until late hours.
Arresting the coup in the social media!
According to the information obtained, the Isparta Police Department's Directorate of Criminal Crimes Division started to work on the information that Gökhan Okçu made propaganda of FETÖ's coup attempt from social media and insulted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In the inspection, the teams that praised Gökhan Okçu's attempt at coup d'etat of FETO and the coup plotters and those who insulted President Erdogan were in doubt with the operation they had organized.
The Archer, who was referred to the judiciary after his safe procedures, was arrested.
He was taken under arrest for the assistant governor and the district governor
Uşak Vice Governor Halil İbrahim Ertekin and Karahallı District Governor Başhan were taken under police custody in the evening hours after the FETO's coup attempt was initiated by the Ministry of Interior.
The suspects Ertekin and Başhan were taken to the emniyek.
Robert is a very striking expression about FETO from Amsterdam!
Robert Amsterdam, the lawyer of the Amsterdam & Partners law firm, which legally investigated the international illegal activities of the Fetullah'i Terrorist Organization (FETO), received an article from the US magazine Forbes to share information on how FETÖ is organized.
It is clear that Fethullah Gülen, who is the leader of the Fethullah Gulen, managed the organization from Pennsylvania's mansion, and that Gülen's "how to operate the 150 charter schools in the US" is clearly visible when the organization has developed advanced organizational skills underground.
Amsterdam stressed that what they have found so far is "shocking", saying that seven months ago Turkey was tasked with researching Gulen-related companies and schools.
In his article on Amsterdam,
According to the information given to us by the İbşacılar, the Gülen organization has a strict hierarchy in which the instructions are transmitted.
These instructions are usually transmitted at face-to-face meetings with Gülen and Poconos.
There is a management group of seven people on the hill (consultative group).
This group transfers the instructions to the advisory committee.
The instructions go from here to regional imams, country imams, regional imams in the country, provincial imams, regional imams in illusions, neighborhood imams, imams of student houses (light houses) and students.
Business people, bureaucrats and officers work at different levels according to their position and support within the organization.
Amsterdam, which says that it has 55,000 business locations worldwide and has the largest contractual school network in the US, says that millions of dollars are paid to these schools each year from the taxes paid by American taxpayers.
Amsterdam wrote that most of these funds were channeled among the members of the organization and transferred to "selected" subcontracting companies.
Amsterdam explained this functioning with the following examples:
Magnolia schools in California have been arrested for giving $ 700,000 in annual service contracts to the company that is linked to Gulen and has the same office.
Amsterdam, for example, showed the Dove Science Academy in Oklahoma.
Amsterdam also noted that this school paid an additional $ 3.1 million to the property owner, and that the inspections had found that the administrations of the school and the property-owned company consisted of the same people associated with Gulen.
Noting that similar conditions exist in the 46-branch Harmony schools, which hold the largest location in the Gulen network, Amsterdam said that smaller firms with affiliated to the FETO paid money with items such as software licenses and curriculum purchases.
"These examples show that about $ 28 million of American taxpayers have been abused," Amsterdam said, highlighting the richness of each other in the FETO.
"Moreover, this is the visible part of what we have found so far."
Noting that nothing has been done to prevent such incidents until now, Amsterdam reminded me that the situation in the last hour has worsened, and that the Texas Education Office has started to investigate irregularities on all of this.
Amsterdam stressed that schools seem to operate normally, and that many employees have no information about what kind of corruption they are.
"But in fact these schools are working like snow machines for Gulen."
"Gulen then used the huge amount of money for political donations to hide his illegal activities".
According to an expression by an old American teacher who worked in these schools, "Some of the staff at Gulen schools are holding separate meetings, and they are telling a certain part of their wages." "The Gulen members of the Turkish Armed Forces are believed to work in a similar way."
Impulse provocations strengthened their position over the years.
"But apparently the army was working normally, and parallel power was gathering power behind the scenes," he wrote.
Amsterdam ended the article as follows:
Policy makers in the US have questions of interest in the events of July 15-16 and later, and that is something to be expected.
However, while addressing the two allied positions at diplomatic level, it is necessary for individual state authorities to wake up in a series of violations of US law in Gülen's operations.
22 members of the judiciary are in Istanbul!
It was learned from the 648 judges and public prosecutors who were investigated by the Supreme Council of Judges and Prosecutors (HSYK) on August 10, 2016 that they were members of the Fethullahan Terrorist Organization in Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office.
Istanbul Chief Public Prosecution Office on August 11, 2016 by the HSYK 648 judges and prosecutors removed from Istanbul 67'te served in custody and search was decided on the search.
45 of the members of the judiciary who were searched by the prosecutor's office in their homes and offices were taken into custody.
It was learned that 22 jurisdictions who could not be found at the addresses had escaped.
It has been learned that the arrest of members of the judiciary will be made.
It was reported that 18 of the 45 suspects taken into custody were referred to the Magistrates' Court for their arrest following the statements in the prosecutor's office.
The searches of 22 judges and prosecutors, which are not available at their addresses, are continuing.
11 people were detained in Konya!
Investigations are underway to arrest people who have been given custody decisions.
Within this scope, 4 officers in Ereğli Municipality and 1 teacher and 6 employees in Private Merve Şahika School were taken into custody.
Ereğli State Hospital, health check passed suspects, Ereğli Security Directorate was taken.
In Diyarbakir, the ban on leaving the street was removed!
In the statement made by the Governor, it was stated that the operation was carried out to neutralize the terrorists and business associates, including senior executives, who were active in the mountainous and forested areas of Lice, Silvan and Kulp, and to identify the shelters, shelters and warehouses they used and to seize the materials.
Silvan's Dolaplıdere and Dağcılar, Lice's Çıralı, Kıyıköy, Dallica, Türeli and Kutlu, Kulp's Demirli, Kamışlı, Çukurca, Bayırköy, Temren and Taşköprü villages,
In accordance with the provisions of the Provincial Administration Law No. 5442 for the protection of life and property of the people in the regions where operations are performed, the prohibition decision announced from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm has been lifted since 16:00 today in order not to harm civilian citizens.
In the statement, they thanked the citizens for their complaints about the safety of life and property.
The passenger bus was turned over in Üsküdar!
According to the information, on the way to Harem Beach, a bus company Yilmaz E. (37) 34 ZP 5568 platted passenger bus was taken out of control due to rainfall.
Police, health and fire crews were dispatched to the scene upon the tip.
Side-by-side buses were removed from the vehicle after the work of the fire crews.
Haydarpaşa Numune Training and Research Hospital was abolished with 3 passengers ambulance injured.
The road that closed due to an accident was opened after the removal of the damaged vehicle.
Staff Colonel in NATO is arrested by FETO!
Colonel Ozkan Caglayan, a member of the NATO Center for Excellence Defense Against Terrorism Command in Ankara, who had been arrested in connection with the operation against the Fethullahan Terrorist Organization / Parallel State Organization (FETO / PDY) in Izmir, was arrested.
İzcal Republican Chief Prosecutor Okan Bato's decision to arrest the captor in the context of the second phase of the investigation carried out for the "Construction of the Turkish Armed Forces (TAF) of the PTO / PDY" was taken into custody in Ankara and brought to İzmir.
İzmir Police Department Organized Crimes Fighting Department after the health check passed from the waterfall, was referred to the judiciary.
Following the statement of the prosecutor's office, Çağlayan was arrested on charges of "being a member of a terrorist organization" and "operating on behalf of the organization" on duty.
Describing Zekeriya from Çavuşoğlu
Asked about the allegations that Çavuşoğlu, Zekeriya Öz and Adil Öksüz were captured in Georgia, "This information is not right at the moment."
But there are different notices.
They are all evaluated.
We are in close contact with the Georgian authorities.
"Any kind of detail, information, advice is being meticulously evaluated," he said.
Asked if there is any doubt about what might happen in Georgia, Cavusoglu said, "Zekeriya Öz had fled to Georgia before."
It was detected at the customs gate camera.
There is information that he went to Europe.
We examine every information that comes to us not only for these two but also every other information about the other escapes.
Where they run away, they run away. "
Asked about his meeting with his Iranian counterpart, Cevad Zarif, Cavusoglu said, "The bilateral issues have been evaluated."
There are many issues between Turkey and Iran.
We are a common struggle against political, commercial, transportation, energy and terror.
There are regional issues.
Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Gulf region, especially Syria.
Turkey and Iran can play an important role in solving the problems in the geography where we live.
I am very interested in many issues.
Syria's territorial integrity, border integrity and the cleanliness of Syria in the DAEŞ and other terrorist organizations, such as the inclusion of a government is very controversial.
We had different ideas about Assad.
But we will continue to talk about them as always.
Ceasefire, Geneva negotiations on the issue of continuing the issue.
It does not make much sense as long as the multi-stakeholder consensus does not bring results.
"The important thing is to get results," he said.
Çavuşoğlu questioned when Turkish planes would be added to operations in Syria, saying, "Our delegation went to Moscow."
"The purpose of establishing these mechanisms, especially in the fight against EEŞ in which steps are taken, and any events should be taken in coordination to avoid the accident," he said.
Asked about the gas purchase with Iran Cavusoglu, "Iran and Turkey are two sister countries."
Arbitrators should not decide, we can deal with this in ourselves.
I had a few more sites.
We must make these agreements without going to arbitration.
"Gas reduction, we had requests for prices" phrases used.
Asked about the history of Gulen's visit to America, Çavuşoğlu said, "A delegation will come from the United States at 22."
Meetings will take place on 23-24 August.
Our Ministry of Justice is preparing the file.
As soon as the file is ready, visits from the US will follow.
"We will go to Washington together with our Minister of Justice, and we will deliver both files and meet," he said.
High-level PKK captured in Istanbul!
A senior manager of the terrorist organization PKK was arrested in a successful operation in Istanbul.
Istanbul Security Directorate, a senior executive of the organization, and 300 thousand pounds per reward in the 'gray list Cigerhun code in the opponent in Istanbul, the code was seized.
Istanbul Anti-Terrorism Branch Directorate of the operation performed by the end result of an enemy in Bağcılar caught in the opponent, Vatan'daki security settlement was brought to the Department of Anti-Terrorism Branch was interrogated.
As it is known, on July 9, the important name of the terrorist organization Bahoz Erdal was killed by Syria in the post-Hamiye Brigades.
Iranian Foreign Minister Gazi in Parliament!
Cavusoglu came to Parliament with his counterpart Zarif.
With Çavuşoğlu, he examined the damage from the Hall of Honor before the Elephant, then the Prime Minister's office climbed to the floor and examined the damage.
After his elegant visit, he said:
It has once again proved that the appearance of the Turkish people on the streets is superior to all the forces of the Turkish people and the will of the people.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has condemned the coup attempt since the early hours of the coup attempt, and has always been with the Turkish people and the government.
My visit today to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey is a symbol that we are beside the Turkish people and that we are beside Turkish democracy.
Family of 13 caught while escaping with bot
Coast guard crews patrolling the Müsellim Throat have operated an inflatable boat in the morning for an illegal immigrant group to escape from Greece's Lesbos Island.
It has been determined that 13 fugitives belong to the same family in the identification made.
Seydi Ali Ahmet, his family rector, said he applied to his wife and 11 children to go to the other son in Germany.
Seydo Ali Ahmet stated that they wanted to go to Greece and then Germany for 700 dollars for the organizers. They expressed that they live in Şengal city of Iraq and they are afraid of being killed by IŞİD soldiers because they are Yezidi.
The illegal immigrant who says that they have a family owned company in Iraq and speaks German, English, Spanish, Arabic and French, says that with the arrival of IŞİD the work is ruined and that their only desire is to go to the son in Germany.
Phaeton made bride car
The wedding ceremony attracted a great deal of attention by creating a different convoy from traditional wedding conventions.
The couple who formed a convoy with horse carts preferred a phaeton as a bridal car.
The couple, who formed a wedding convoy with about 10 horse carts from behind the instrument team, attracted great interest from the citizens.
The convoy took a tour in Keşan city center and then went to the wedding house.
Bomber husband caught
According to the information obtained, Kadriye Y., wife of Mehmet Ali Y, 41 years old, left home with his child due to severe incompatibility about 9 months ago.
Unemployed Mehmet Ali Y. came to the front of the house in the Ulus Quarter where his wife lived with yesterday's evening hours, handmade bombs he built and supported by filling objects such as balls, nails and mints.
Mehmet Ali Y, who had been shouting threats for a while, then exploded by placing the bomb in the front of the house.
After the explosion, the inhabitants of the area suffered great fear and panic, while the parts of the ball and nail in the explosive hit many house windows and caused damage.
Mehmet Ali Y. escaped after the incident in the neighborhood of Yavuzselim black clothing and backpackers suspected of circulating the police called the police.
Following him, Mehmet Ali Y. who saw the teams of the Yildirim District Security Directorate's Research Bureau started to flee.
He entered a house garden on Avenida Street.
The police surrounded the house with long-barreled weapons, as the children reported.
The suspect, who realized he could not escape, turned himself in.
For Mehmet Ali Y.'s suitcase, a bomb disposal expert was called.
Materials such as lighter gas, toy, sparkler, tape, screwdriver, scissors and nails came out of the bag.
While Mehmet Ali Y. was taken to the police headquarters, relevant investigation is continuing.
Kızılay Kurban launches its Donation Campaign
The Red Crescent, which organizes the Sacrifice Cutting Campaign for the purpose of deputy, speaks to the philanthropists with the slogan "This is the sacrifice of the year-long blessing" on this festival.
Kızılay President Dr. Kerem Kınık said, "The victims are being turned into canisters for their intended purpose."
"The sacrificial meat is distributed throughout the year to the needy in a healthy manner," he said.
Kızılay sacrifice donation fee is 740 pounds in the country and 475 pounds abroad.
The Red Crescent Sacrifice Campaign, which has become traditional and ninth, continues this year as well.
The Red Crescent, who does not leave the needy people in the world and our country alone, will reach the sacrificial meat which is suitable for the purpose for the purpose of hundreds of thousands of oppressed people thanks to the campaign.
Introducing the Sacrifice Feast Campaign, President of the Red Crescent Dr. Kerem Kinik stated that they have started a great mobilization for the blessing and joy of the Sacrifice Feast all over the world, saying "The sacrificial meat is being converted into a canister in a hygienic manner."
"With this method, the victims' flesh can be consumed by the needy in a healthy manner throughout the year," he said.
According to the Islamic method, sending DVDs to slaughter and donors Thanks to Kızılay's "Red Crescent in the Sacrifice" philanthropists will be able to easily perform sacrificial prayers in accordance with its purpose and rule.
With this contemporary model, carefully selected sacrifices will be selected by the veterinarians of Meat and Milk Institute and the names of the proxy's owners will be read in the modern combinations of the institution in accordance with the Islamic rules, and the first three days of the Feast of the Sacrifice will be cut.
Religious officials, veterinarians and notary public will also be present in the sections to be carried out in accordance with Islamic conditions.
The roast from the sacrifice meat will be canned and placed in tin cans of 800 grams.
The roasting cannabis will be distributed throughout the year to the needy through the Red Crescent branches.
After the sacrifice period, the Red Crescent will send a certificate of appreciation to each deputy, along with a box describing a box of roasted casserole and process.
In 30 countries, the sacrifice part of the Red Crescent does not recognize the goodness of the Red Crescent, and the sacrificial meat will be delivered to the poor all over the world this year as it is every year.
Stating that this sacrificial organization will be held in about 30 countries, Dr. Kinik stated that the event will be organized in 7 countries in the Balkans, 11 in Africa, 5 in South Asia and Caucasus and 4 in the Middle East.
Kınık stated that they expect a 50 percent increase in their foreign activities this year. "The wages for our citizens who will give their power to the Turkish Red Crescent have been determined as 740 pounds in the country and 475 pounds abroad."
In Turkey, we aimed to cut meat and milk products belonging to 5 combinations.
We fulfill these sections with the procedures recommended by the Diyanet, fulfilling the necessary Islamic conditions in Turkey and abroad.
"We sacrifice the canned meat and we will carry it to our needy guests for 18 months".
7/24 Donations from 168 Call Centers Citizens wishing to live in the comfort of reaching their real needs will be able to give their proxy by using the Kızılay donation accounts in the banks, Turkish Red Crescent Branches, Kızılay Posta Çeki account in PTT branches, 168 free call centers and www.kizilay.org.tr internet address.
Possibility of installment The proxy owners who make the payment through credit card can also benefit from installment facility.
Our foreign citizens who want to give their deputies to the Red Crescent can make online payments through the redemption menu via the Red Crescent website.
He will also be able to pay the cost of attorney with international credit card by calling Kızılay's free counseling and donation line at 0090 312 458 30 00.
Our citizens will be able to pay the cost of sacrifice by means of the Red Crescent Account number of Ziraat Bank in Germany.
Groom horror in Konya
The incident took place today in the town of Osmancik, which was once the town of Kadınhanı District.
According to him, Huseyin Ayhan, who opened a divorce case a week ago, went to his father's house, Fatma Aka, to talk.
After a while, Huseyin Aka began to discuss the evil plank, fire with his wife Fatma Ayhan, his father-in-law Hacı İbrahim Aka and his father-in-law Cennet Aka.
Fatma Ayhan and her father Hacı İbrahim Aka, who were left in the blood, lost their life at the scene and Cennet Aka, who was seriously injured, was removed from the Women's Hospital.
The gendarmerie started work for the capture of Hüseyin Ayhan, who escaped with his car after he was alive.
Hüseyin Ayhan was informed that there was a suspension penalty.
The Ayhan couple is said to have two daughters, aged 13 and 10, with 1 girl.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge crash
According to the information obtained, TEM Highway Ankara direction Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge at the entrance of the ceremony took place at 14:00.
Abdullah Şanver's 34 PK 060 plate trucks, 16 VK 077 plate trucks were hit from behind.
In the accident, Abdullah Şanver, the driver squeezed in the neighborhood.
Firefighters, police and health teams were referred to the incident on the notice of the citizens who saw the accident.
The fire crews who came to the scene made intensive efforts to save Sanvar from the place he was trapped.
It was seen that Şanver, who was burned during the work of the firefighting teams, wailed in pain.
After a hard work, Şanver was taken to an ambulance with a stretcher and taken to Okmeydanı Training and Research Hospital.
The road that closed due to an accident caused traffic intensity.
With the removal of the tools, the TEM traffic also returned to normal.
The car carried two children in the baggage that "hit the seat"
The accident, the day before Kahta-Siverek highway Narince village came around the village.
Mehmet K. 34 KS 6809 plate car and Mustafa O. (14) used a bicycle collided.
Mustafa O. and Hussein O. (13) were seriously wounded in the crash cycling.
The car driver took injured children to the Emergency Health Station in Narince village by putting them in the trunk of their car, 'Do not pollute the seats'.
Two wounded children were referred to the Kahta State Hospital from here by ambulances.
Hüseyin O. from the wounded gives life fight in intensive care.
Busted children carried seats in the trunk so they would not get dirty
Mustafa O. explaining the accident, "We were going to go out with friends."
We bought it for our rentals.
A car was hit by us at the nearby transformer station of the visit of the Prophet Üzeyir in Karadut village.
My foot was broken by the impact.
The driver first took my friend and threw it in his bag.
Then he took me and put me in the trunk of my car next to my friend.
When I put the baggage in my baggage baggage.
I'm screaming.
The driver who hears my voice again is the boot lug.
I also correct it.
He closed the luggage door again and took us to Narince village.
"From there ambulances to the Kahta State Hospital," he said.
Families of wounded children first complained when they learned that the driver they were not complaining about brought the children in their trunks.
Mustafa O. "When I was in the accident I was in Kahta."
On the phone I learned that my grandchildren and my nephew were involved in an accident.
I went to Kahta State Hospital immediately.
First they brought me my nose.
They brought my granddaughter 15 minutes later.
Gerger Police Station Commander.
The mayor said you are a complainer.
I happen to have an accident everywhere.
I said I'm not complaining.
Then I went and looked at the car that hit my tongue and grandson.
There's a lot of blood in the luggage.
Then we found out that after we hit the kids, they put both wounded people in the trunk of their car and bring them to the hospital.
My nephew puts my granddaughter at the bottom and puts her baggage.
The guys also say I did not put my baggage.
But the rear seats of your car are spotless.
"It can not be like that," he said.
Mehmet Kaya, one of the residents of Narince village, said, "The driver who hit the children brought the wounded here."
The kids, the wounded, got out of the trunk of your car.
"He even did what he should not have done," he said.
If Osman O., the uncle of the wounded, is "the citizen who shot these children, what kind of person?"
It could be an accident, people can die in the accident.
But it's a brutal thing to take the wounded and bring them to the hospital in your car's trunk.
We are followers until the end of this business.
One of these boys is dying of death.
The situation of the other is heavy.
From Narince to Kahta brings injuries in the trunk of your car.
Say your grief.
It's such a brutal event again.
Our cravings are burning.
We will be the plaintiff and we will not leave this business.
"We want the person to be punished severely," he said.
He built an island for himself
The famous architect Richart Sowa spent the last 8 years of his life building an ecological paradise floating.
In this self-fulfilling living space built on 150,000 plastic bottles, he lives with the old model Jodi Bowlin, whom he met on Facebook two years ago.
Richart's island is made up of air-filled plastic bottles, wooden pallets and fabric.
The two-story house has 2 bathrooms, a jacuzzi, 3 showers, a kitchen and wireless internet connection.
Around the island are palm trees, mangroves, fruit trees, edible plants, herbs.
The island, connected to the shore by a 30-meter cord, produces electricity, water and the internet by means of this cord.
"I grow vegetables and vegetables that are edible on the island," Sowa said.
I have to go to the little grocery stores to get some other food.
"There is also an 8-person release from plastic bottles," he said.
The Galaxy Note 7 has been released more powerful models before the sale!
Samsung officially confirmed the day we passed the Galaxy Note 7 with 6GB RAM and 128GB memory.
Earlier this month Samsung announced the new high-end smartphone Galaxy Note 7.
The compelling Galaxy Note 7 was originally expected with 6GB of RAM, but with 4GB of RAM.
Exceeding expectations with the first pre-order figures, the expected 6GB RAM model of Galaxy Note 7 will also be on the market.
Speaking at a press event in Seoul, South Korea's capital Seoul, Samsung Mobile CEO Koh Dong-jin officially announced plans to introduce 6GB of RAM and a 128GB Galaxy Note 7 model to the market.
On the other hand, according to reports by The Korea Herald, this 6GB RAM and 128GB memory model of Galaxy Note 7 will be exclusive to China in the first place.
The sale of this special model in other regions is not currently planned.
New routes with the new Yamaha Tracer 700!
Whether you want to have a pleasant trip and memorable memories with the Tracer 700, make short trips around the weekend, or take a long intercontinental tour ...
The new Yamaha Tracer 700 is the perfect long-haul vehicle for the user to experience an emotional and intuitive driving experience while achieving excellence in design and technical ...
There is a lot of interest in motorcycle across Europe to explore another world, to accumulate new and unforgettable memories and to enjoy the fun in every corner.
The trend is towards affordable, accessible and exciting models of the Sport Tourer series that range from the doors of this free world to the ever-increasing number of motorcycle buffs who want to expand their horizons.
The addictive new Yamaha Tracer 700 has been developed from the highly successful MT-07 platform.
The model, developed by strengthening and revitalizing the current Sport Tourer series, also faces intense interest in the next generation of motorcycle enthusiasts.
With its bold and unique design and many impressive features, the new Tracer 700 brings Sport Tourer class image to the next level by combining design and functionality with superior handling, light weight, fast and fun structure, and comfortable driving pleasure.
The Tracer 700, which is in the mid-range Sport Tourer segment and performs miraculously with its standard features, continues its great success.
With its sporty line, long range performance, dynamic and engaging looks, the new Tracer 700 is launching an exciting new era in the Sport Tourer category.
The versatile Tracer 700 is ready to come from above every situation with its torque-rich engine and agile chassis.
This new sporty mid-size motorcycle has a multitude of features that unleash the potential of a true touring motorcycle, with the addition of chassis and special improvements to the suspension.
The high-capacity 17-liter fuel tank with the fuel-saving, 689cc, twin-cylinder engine allows the Tracer 700 to travel long distances between petrol stations.
The new Tracer 700 compact and lightweight chassis was developed from the highly acclaimed MT-07 platform.
This minimalist design has quickly gained a reputation for agile driving and quick response.
The leader of its class is 196 kg wet weight, ready to excite the driver in every turn.
Moreover, with the addition of various Original Yamaha accessories, it can be turned into a serious long-distance touring motorcycle.
Color alternatives that make design more attractive are Radical Red, Tech Black, Yamaha Blue ...
This exciting new model, which allows motorcycle enthusiasts to re-enter the market, ties the user more to the roads.
With the new Tracer 700, which will be offered for sale in Turkey by August, take the road to the bend of the Mediterranean, the Black Sea, or experience new excitement in adventure and adrenaline-filled roots of Europe or Africa.
Hakan Sukur and his father's assets of 200 million were seized
The Chief Public Prosecutor of Sakarya decided on custody of Hakan Şükür and his father Selma Şükür who was contractor in Sakarya within the scope of the investigation of FETO.
Hakan Şükür in the United States and his father Selma Şükür'den Adapazarı and Istanbul were searched in the houses.
Selmet Şükür could not be found despite the calls made.
Police, Selmet Sukur, Adapazarı Sakarya Street in Salko Mosque in Friday prayer was reported to be active on the notice.
The teams that went to the cinema waited for the Friday prayer to be done.
After the end of the prayer, Selmet praised his hands when he saw the police.
Selmet Şükür, who had been arrested about the arrest, was taken to the Police Department and taken to the Police Department.
Gökhan Şükür went to the front of the Police Department by following his team vehicle with his father.
Sakarya Chief Public Prosecution Office, Hakan Şükür and his father, Selmet Şükür, provided financial support to FETÖ.
The Public Prosecutor's Office decided to confiscate the assets of the Sentenced Criminal Court Judge Hakan Şükür and his father, Selmet Şükür, all kinds of rights and receivables of real persons or legal entities, valuable documents in their houses, shares of companies, rental cases and other property assets in their real estates, land transportation vehicles, banks or other financial institutions.
The decision of the court was notified to the title deputy directorates, the police headquarters and tax offices throughout the day.
Hakan Şükür and his father Selmet Şükür were found to be rich in real estate in the first survey.
Hakan Şükür and his father were found in Sakarya, Antalya, Bodrum, Istanbul Bakırköy, Beşiktaş, Büyükçekmece, apartments in Adapazarı and Sapanca, Kandıra.
Selmet Sukur, Sakarya in the province of Serdivan villas on the 10-acre plot of the villas were built.
Hakan Sukur, determined that there is a lesson in the city center of Adapazarı, closed by the tax investigators of the Sakarya Group Presidency of the Ministry of Finance, the Tax Auditing Board of the Ministry of Finance.
It is stated that the value of Hakan and his father, Selmet Sukur, is around 200 million TL.
Firari got caught in police chief Zaho
Batman Provincial Police Department in charge of the 3rd class Police Chief Ahmet Duran Bitmez, FETO'nin was taken to the scope of the investigation into the coup attempt.
It was determined that Bitmez had escaped the capture decision.
It was determined that Bitmez escaped to Zaho city of Iraq in the work done by the Provincial Security Directorate teams.
Endless, captured by the joint operation of the security forces of the two countries.
Bitmez brought to Turkey, detained in Batman.
Endless, they were referred to the judiciary after their safe operation.
The security forces are on the suspicion that Bitmez has escaped to the north of Iraq to join the terrorist organization PKK camps.
Attention to this habit of children
Prof. Bilgin Giray, the dentist's professor, said that children are relieved with this reflex by making it a necessity because they can not chew in their early ages.
Dr. Giray, who listed the reasons for the appearance of finger sucking habits in children, "finger sucking, from birth to a child aged 3-4 is seen."
Most babies suck their thumbs.
A child sucking her finger to satisfy her need for sucking in her baby. After 1-1.5 years of age the mother's breast sucks her finger to make her longing and relax.
"He's bored and self-distracted, when he's sleepy, when he's nervous and when he's leaving his mother, he can suck his finger."
Dr. Bilgin Giray emphasized that the inferiority of the mother-child relationship and the lack of sense of confidence in the child lay in the foundation of the finger-sucking behaviors observed at advanced ages and explained the effects of this behavior on dental health with the following words:
Finger sucking behavior has an adverse effect on the shape of the child's tooth structure.
As a result of the pressures generated during suction, the upper teeth are pushed forward, while the lower teeth are pushed back.
This leads to the positioning of the lower jaw backwards, destroying the balance of the palate and tooth structure.
Its physiological reflections are in the form of speech impairment and closure appearing aesthetically bad.
"We can protect our children from the problems of closing and joints before the development of the jaws is complete," said Dr. Giray, who noted that a much more complicated treatment process could be experienced during the period of 6-7 years when permanent teeth start appearing if there is no early solution.
"For this reason, children's eye and hearing control, such as the mouth structure should be kept under control," he concluded his words.
New breathing in close-up vision treatment: Trifocal lenses
Patients naturally do not want to use glasses after cataract treatment.
Multifocal lenses have already been used for many years to solve this problem in our patients.
With the trifocal lenses being used recently, the success of the treatment in this area has taken a step further.
The difference of triphocal lenses from other lenses is not only the distant or near distance, but also the ability to provide a clear view at distances defined as intermediate distances.
Treatment of distant, near or intermediate distance visual disturbances
Interval distance in visual disturbances represents a point that we use very often in our daily lives.
Examples are portable computers with dash panels, laptops we hold in our lap, or distance we define as arm lengths of 60-70 cm.
Thanks to the correction of the intermediate distances of the triphocal lenses, our patients do not need to wear eyeglasses any closer or far apart.
Another advantage offered by the triphocal lens is that it also reduces nighttime complaints.
Prof. Volkan Hürmeriç, an ophthalmologist, said: "There is no difference in the treatment of trifocal lens used for every distance vision treatment from normal cataract treatment."
Our patients who are treated with triphocal therapy can easily recover their eyesight by a 7 to 10 minute procedure.
And the next day our patients may return to their normal lives.
It is an opera - tion especially for those who use cars, use computers, enjoy reading, and have a more active life.
You can also consult an eye disease specialist to find out whether this procedure, which can be applied to any patient who has reached the age of 18, is suitable for you.
Varicose vein is not used in heart surgery!
Varicose veins are an increasingly common disease in recent years.
The fact that genetic proximity is the primary factor leads to an increase in complaints of long working hours, work that requires long standing in the foot, and long sitting complaints.
Are veins used in heart surgery?
There are also questions such as what I am going to do if I have a heart attack in the future, and it is often wondered by people.
Here are the answers to these questions.
There are two types of venous system in the leg:
1. There is a deep vein system, which is the main path leading to the lungs of dirty blood in the leg and collecting the main dirty blood of the leg.
They are called deep femoral venous and superficial femoral venous.
The problems in these veins are less common, the vasculature can not be closed in diseases and drug treatments are applied to keep these veins open.
There is a superficial venous system that we refer to as a side-path that leads to dirty blood in the legs and to the deep vein system in the groin.
This system consists of two large and two small safen veins.
Four of these vessels may develop insufficiency and varicose veins.
The veins that can be used in heart surgery are superficial veins called large saphen veins.
Without these vessels there is no harm in the body and therefore they can be used in heart surgery.
However, in order for these vessels to be used in cardiac surgery, the vessels must be healthy.
Because the heart is a very important organ.
The operation of taking varicose veins by operation or leaving the laser in place reduces the workload of deep veins and helps to make the stomach healthier.
A false belief among the people is that the veins can be used as substitutes if they are inherited.
Varicose veins never and never used in heart surgery!
There are other vessels that can be used in heart surgery.
The reserve vascular systems that can be used in heart surgery are located beneath the rib cage, around the wrist and on the wrist.
Hence it is unwise to wait for the varicose vein to use for the heart and to worry about it.
Radiologist Dr. Rengin Türkgüler
Meaningful message before Uzbek's Super Cup
Galatasaray Sports Club President Dursun Özbek, Galatasaray and Besiktas to be played between the Super Cup Final published a statement.
Here is the word that Dursun Özbek paid attention to unity and co-existence in Turkish football:
Galatasaray and Beşiktaş, both of which are Turkish sports's two-star and two favorite clubs, will face the Super Cup in Konya Metropolitan Torque Arena on Saturday evening, August 13th.
This match is neither the first nor the last game in the competition of our two outstanding clubs, leaving behind a century.
But it is a very vital encounter as a timing.
As we all know, our country, July 15, has overcome a great badge.
The coup attempt of the Fetullahist Terrorist Organization / Parallel State Constitution (FETO / PDY), which means our democracy, has been overcome thanks to the unity and solidarity of all sections of society.
That night we paid a hefty price as a nation.
We gave martyrs.
We have a large number of actors.
This painful price reminded us once again of the virtue of democracy, the necessity and importance of peaceful dominance in this land, not of a fighter.
That night the representatives of the Turkish sport opposed the coup d'état as one voice, one heart, all together with the democracy.
On these critical days, we need more than ever the unifying feature of sports.
I hope that this match, which is just before the new football season which is named after the legendary captain Turgay Şeren of our club, the 2nd deceased anniversary of the precious President Süleyman Seba of our valued competitor, will be the starting match for the atmosphere of love and peace in Turkish sport.
Galatasaray and Beşiktaş fans will share half of the match at the end of the match will be played in front of the stands, I wish the winner of the country and Turkish sports.
Derbide 339th appointment - Sports News
Beşiktaş and Galatasaray will be fighting to be the biggest in this season in Konya at 20.45 tomorrow at the Turkcell Super Cup encounter which brings together the champions of Spor Toto Super League and Ziraat Turkey Cup.
Beşiktaş and Galatasaray have faced 338 times in 92 years of eternal competition and eternal friendship.
In these games, yellow-red people won 120 times, while black-and-white people beat their competition 107 times.
In the face of 111, the opponents were not superior to each other.
Galatasaray "s 477 goals in these games Besiktas 444 goals scored.
Beginning on July 30, 2006 at the Commerzbank Arena, the Super Cup adventure began between Besiktas and Galatasaray.
The black-and-white team in this match took Mert Nobre's goal in the 60th minute with the goal of the cup.
The cup was not played in 2011 at the 10 year Super Cup date.
Galatasaray played with the most final in the last 9 times with 6 times.
In these matches, the yellow-red players have managed to take the Super Cup 4 times to the museum.
Besiktas who played the final three times received the cup 1 times.
"Flower" crisis in Kartal - Sports News
Şeref Cicek, one of the coaches of coach Şenol Güneş, was learned not to go to workout yesterday.
In the incident that was reported in the beginning, Çiçek did not like the salary wage made to him and therefore he did not participate in the training by putting reaction.
It was stated that the administration was waiting for Şenol Güneş's attitude to intervene.
The dreams of Mario Gomez were destroyed!
Fiorentina Sporting Director Pataleo Corvino has commented on the goalscorers Mario Gomez and Khouma Babacar.
Corvino, "We will not send Gomez and Babacar without consent."
We will work to earn income.
We target at least 15 million euros from the sale of two players.
"But this is not going to be easy," he said.
Rihanna in the popular filmin line
One of Hollywood's most important film series, Ocean's will again be popular with the audience.
In the new line of the series, the cadre is certain that Sandra Bullock and Kate Blanchett will take part in the film while the famous Barbados singer Rihanna, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling and Helena Bohnam Carter are also present and their names will be announced in the coming days.
Filming starts in 2 months
Filmin filming is planned to begin in New York on October with Ocean's Eleven's permanent staff of female players.
While Steven Sodenbergh, who we know from his previous films in the series, is responsible for filmmaking, Gary Ross, who writes with Filmin screenplay Olivia Milch, will sit on the director's chair.
Scot Callum Skinner flies home while Britain grabs gold
Scottish Callum Skinner ran into the men's race at the Rio race track last night, while the Great Britain's team triumph 2012 retained their title from London.
The Glasgow, 23-year-old racer took on the pioneering role adopted by Scottish Sir Chris Hoy and made this legend proud when he returned home victorious with this young, acclaimed New Zealand garment.
In the event four years before Hoy bought five of the six Olympic gold, Britain had a shock victory.
And despite Hoy's retirement, he finished in the sixth place in the Race World Championship in London in March, repeating it.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of expert starter Jamie Staff.
That's exactly what Hindes did when they came out.
Hoy's retirement also created a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Scott had already anticipated the potential he had realized and the British coaches had not given up on Skinner.
Hindes, Kenny and Skinner, who were with Hoy four years ago, broke the Olympic record in the qualifying round, but in the first round New Zealand set the record again.
And the British trio went out for the gold.
Hindes was a little behind in their round, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner was up to it.
Using a larger tool to slow Hindes himself, this strategy change was the major part of the transformation that enabled Kenny and Skinner to keep their tempo.
Hoy watched them as an expert commentator on the BBC, and Skinner, Kenny, and Hindes watched when they came out of the podium.
Skinner, 23, of Glasgow, said: "This is an honorable comparison."
I'm just here to make the best of what's coming through and announce my name.
Olympic record in the finals is broken and we beat the world champions.
That was really amazing.
There can not be a better way of winning it.
Hindes confessed that he had deliberately dropped the pitch after the bad start, after winning the victory with Kenny and Hoy in London 2012.
He then reacted to this interpretation and there was no way of submitting a request from Britain's opponents.
This time, it was not such a problem for an incredible victory.
Hindes said: "It seemed like we were in London with all the Great Britain flags on the stand."
We're just a team that was founded three months ago.
It is truly incredible feeling to have won the Olympics again because we lost so many world races.
This is just an event, a medal for a nation that has won seven races in Beijing and London.
If the progress we have made in the past five months is the measure, we are waiting for five more days to pass successfully at the race track.
The attitude Kenny adopts shows that the fantasy of Hoy's recurring record of winning three golds in a single Olympics is not impossible.
This means that Kenny will reach six gold medals and a silver medal, which is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy and who was born March 23 (also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister).
That's the same level as Hoy.
Kenny will now be in the sprint race, the race will start today and last for three days.
At the age of 28, Bolton said: "I am just enjoying it for now.
Team events are always the best events.
You can win with your friends.
Honestly, when you win by yourself, you feel alone.
Hindes said: "If you win two more gold medals, you must be given the knight title."
This is just the medal of the day, but there are many good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull completed the first round of the four-man, four-kilometer team race.
The track was completed at 3: 51.943.
The gold medal winner in London 2012 world record 3: 51.659.
The first round and the final (22:42) will be set in the second part of today, and it is certain that Wiggins will draw all the attention.
Yesterday, the officials had a disagreement with the officers at the time of the ordering, when the authorities called him to measure his neck.
Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Milngavie's Katie Archibald reached the world record for the duration of 4: 13,260.
The Great Britian team relies on the powerful cycling team to handle the reins and win several medals during the mid-term of the Olympic Games.
After great excellence in Beijing and London, expectations in Rio were considerably reduced.
There were many bad developments on the back, including the April resignation of coach Shane Sutton's sexism and bullying charges and the retirement of key figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
But the first night after the race on the track shows that Great Britain's legendary reputation for finishing the perfect period can be proven again this time.
With the cancellation of the energy contract, the suspect of the future of the Portland smelter
The future of Portland's aluminum smelting furnace in Victoria and the work of hundreds of workers has become uncertain after explaining the termination of a supply agreement by one of the plant owners, resulting in the cancellation of all procurement contracts of the energy-supplying energy company.
The move followed a decision earlier this year by the Victoria government to ensure that subsidies are not overcome so that the installation continues to work.
The 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
Up to 2000 in Alcoa's Portland facility may be at risk.
Any shutdown can cause up to 2000 jobs to be put at risk, either directly or indirectly.
And since the burner consumes about 10 percent of all of Victoria's electricity, additional chained effects can also occur.
In 2014, Alcoa Point Henry closed the burning stove, which led to the closing of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's Portland smelter plant is losing money and faces the risk of closure.
These developments have emerged after several years of speculation for the future of the mill, initially based on the strength of the Australian dollar and the recent consumption rate of the mill.
AGL, which supplies energy from the power plant to Loy Yang in Latrobe Valley, is waiting for the other three owners to take action to dissolve their contracts.
A large majority of the plant belongs to the joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, and CITIC of China and Marubeni Corp. of Japan have smaller feelings.
"AGL expects the Portland plant to continue to work, which means that the burning heat will continue to require physical electricity," he said.
The AGL stated that the contracts are "risk-balancing agreements" that should enter into force from November 2016.
The contracts will be completed in 2017 since they have a 12-month termination period.
"For this reason, the AGL will continue to expect the contracts to contribute to the fiscal year 2017," the energy company said.
The impact that AGL could have on potential earnings in 2018 Fiscal Year and beyond is currently limited to the adoption of a strong futures contract stance for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL stated that the value of their contracts for accounts has already fallen by $ 187 million due to "termination".
Alcoa stated that the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ability to supply electricity to the operating or smoldering furnace."
The US company signed a 20-year contract in 2010, which should have come into force this November, but has not yet announced why it will not be withdrawn from the contract.
Analysts are on the verge of shutting down the Portland smelter of Victoria in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the economic downturn in the sector.
Stephen Mikkels, AGL's operations manager, who responded to analysts earlier this week, said that Portland uses about 600 megawatts of energy each year and Tomago uses 900 megawatts of energy each year.
If both of these plants are withdrawn from the market, the demand on the [electricity] market will cause it to fall significantly.
And as producers, this is not a good development for us, "he said.
Not just the star of the Kardashian TV program, Kendall is on the cover of Vogue's September issue
Kendall Jenner (20), the fourth daughter of the model and executive mother Kris Kardashian-Jenner, is on the verge of the September Vogue's September appearance.
Kendall, who is an Estee Lauder brand ambassador and who shows up in Milan, Paris and New York fashion week, announces this news on his Instagram account on Thursday.
Kendall wrote, "I cried when I looked at this door in a room full of people I love."
Following the release of the cover, a strange reality (specific to Keeping Up with the Kardashians program), in which the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (Rob and Caitlyn and the uncaring uncle of the hustle-busting show world Ryan Seacrest) was featured, the family who forgot the cover of the sisters on the video later made a classic ending: they were actually preparing a surprise party.
Although this is the cliché story line of every "birthday" episode of almost all children's television shows (Seacrest says, "Do you think we forgotten you?" With a cartoon rabbitship sincerity at 8 am) Kris had to include the other girls in this introduction as well.
With this development in Vogue's September issue, it is certain that we have entered a new Kardashian era.
Kendall's older sister, Kim, may have passed him on closure of Vogue (the clapper shared his wife with Kanye West in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine is a success in itself.
Vogue's September number was the best-selling number of the year.
With its thickness resembling a coffee table book rather than a fashion magazine, this number attracted the attention of many advertisers (Fashionista found that there was advertising content on last year's 832-page skin 615).
The explanation of the cover star is also a closely watched process, the pictures of the magazine being leaked in the past two years before the official announcement.
Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss are among the women who have been on the cover before.
In recent years, the cover has been featured in "the famous models that are more" modeling "than the" famous ones ".
Oscar-winning Dior ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, the next year this honor was bestowed on Lady Gaga.
However, even if Mrs. Jenner, who is described by the magazine as the "shining model" of neslin, has taken the previous categorization, it can be said that her surroundings are quite good.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people or reality show stars or teenagers who know how to shoot good Snapchat videos (though Jenner is all of them).
These are all women who stand out in the entertainment industry, whose talent is legitimate.
Beyonce, who was on the cover of last year, spent one of the best times of his career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is happy with Jenner's success.
Due to the reality show history, Jenner's position in the fashion world will always be uncomfortable.
In June, Stephanie Seymour, the original Victoria's Secret model, criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "timeless wonders".
When the news came out that Jenner would be on Vogue's door, this thought surfaced again.
But focusing on dissatisfaction seems out of place.
Kendall Jenner is on the verge of the September issue of Vogue.
He is literally a super model of glove.
He goes to Marc Jacobs' defenses.
Estee Lauder is giving you a foundation.
He, along with his sisters, sells his own paintings on the pay-per-use applications.
She sells Cindy Crawford's daughter's pictures to LOVE magazine.
And in his spare time, maybe it's just in the reality show on TV to see his brother Kourtney and his kids.
Social legal support centers turn down 160,000 people each year
More than 160,000 people from the most vulnerable part of the nation are turned away from social legal support centers, while the sector is preparing for more interruptions in financing operations, which are already in force.
In Queensland, three out of five (mostly elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence, and those who do not fight unfair evacuation decisions, and so on) are turned away for free legal advice and representation.
The social legal support services, which have exhausted their facilities, are being prepared for further interruptions.
From June next year, it is planned that these legal support centers will be deprived of more than 30 percent of federal funding.
James Farrel, Queensland Director of Community Legal Support Centers, reported that the National Civic Support Centers' recent Census Report found that thousands of people were turned away every year.
Mr. Farrel said that if the federal government's decision is not taken back, the situation will get worse.
"Queensland's social legal support centers are chronically financially underprivileged, which means thousands of people can not reach the vital services they need," he said.
Those who are in violent relations, struggling with power and backing powers, families in separation, and unjustified workers ... All of these are facing legal issues, and according to this report, they can not get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent by June 2017, which means thousands of Queensland residents in unprotected status have to cope without getting help with more complex legal issues.
We urge the Justice Minister and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately withdraw this disruption of funding so that people can receive the support they need when faced with a legal problem.
Last year, the government fulfilled its promise to raise the level of legal aid financing to the national average level.
Now we must look at the social legal support centers and the societies that they serve and the investment that the Palaszczuk government will make for this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign team sued after the staff claimed they had guns
New York: Donald Trump's campaign team was sued because of an indictment that the director of the North Carolina operations did not take any action after being told that he was gunning a staff member while traveling with the Jeep in February.
The case was announced on Wednesday in a lawsuit filed by the state software veteran Vincent Bordini at the state court.
Bordini said that he expects to be interested in the situation from inside for months but then realized that it will not happen.
As Bordini noted in his complaint, Director Earl Philip "took out a gun, put his right index finger on the trigger and held the barrel towards Vincent's knee cap".
According to the booklet, Bordini learned that at least four people had the same experience with Phillip after he found out about the leadership of local and regional campaign leaders.
"I do not need to be fired for weapons to damage," he said in his billboard complaint.
The case opened two days after the Republican presidential candidate led a rage in North Carolina, saying that "the people of the Second Constitutional Amendment" (as understood to be gun owners and gun support supporters) would be opponent if Hillary Clinton was elected and chose her own judges.
Trump's campaign team expressed that the media has evaluated these words outside of context and that he does not support violence.
Bordini wants compensation from Phillip for his complaint, campaign team for lack of oversight and assault, assault and moral damage.
Trump's spokesman, Hope Hicks, did not make a quick return to the message asking for comment.
Efforts to reach Phillip were inconclusive.
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported that Phillip recently left the campaign.
His call to the consulting company Innovative Consulting Services did not return quickly either.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is running a controversial campaign.
Bordini, Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300 case, General Court of Justice, Supreme Court Branch, Mecklenburg Accident (Charlotte).
"FETÖ" report the magic "
President Erdoğan's MIT and Security FETÖ'cü calligraphy line was set up for the FETÖ'cüler after the call "everybody may not know the intelligence, may not know the security, notify".
After the coup attempt of July 15, thousands of NGOs are being thrown out of the institutions while new applications are being initiated for the "secret congregants" hiding themselves.
Within the scope of the work, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan emphasized the importance of notices that the citizen in the fight with the FETO would make. "Friends of that mosque can be your friends, I say I disclose them."
You need to report to the prosecution.
It is a patriotism.
"Everyone may know intelligence, safety may not know or can not catch the guys are running away," he said.
The Ministry of Interior, the General Directorate of Security and the National Intelligence Organization (MIT) launched an online notification service within the framework of the studies.
According to this, those who serve to the FETO around the citizen, the organizational activities that they know, the institutions which belong to the organization, can transmit to the security and the MIT through this application.
Www.egm.gov.tr/sayfalar/ihbar, www.mit.gov.tr/katkiniz links through the form provided to the service will be kept informed about the information to be notified.
Provided by the General Directorate of Security in the notification application will be able to add documents.
Again in the same application, the returner will be made to return if the informer wishes.
Citizens will be able to make phone calls to the "155 Police Emergency" line, as well as to the Public Prosecutors' Office in the provinces and districts they are in.
Inspired by Bodrum, they made 'sample village' in Sivas
Canköy, district governor and philanthropic businessmen affiliated to Gölova District of SİVAS cooperated to form a 'sample village'.
In the village where the roads were paved and paving stones were laid on the pavements, all houses were painted in blue and white colors, taking the example of Bodrum village of Muğla.
The Governorate of Gölova prepared a sample village project to improve the image and quality of life of the villagers connected to the county.
Within this scope, 66 villages Canköy, 12 km away from the center of the town, were selected as sample villages.
The roads of the villages, where infrastructure and superstructure services were increased, were paved and the pavements were covered with paving stones.
Village houses with different color shades were painted with the support of Selahattin Ayan, owner of Pelit Pastry.
All of the village is painted with white and blue colors.
BODRUM RECEIVED SPECIMEN
Gölova District Governor Erkan İsa Erat, who gave information about the study, stated that he prepared this project to sign a work that will also be a role model for other villagers. "The modern appearance of the village was part of our project that all of the houses were the only color."
We started looking for a place to sample when we started this project.
When we went to Bodrum, we watched the houses with white painted and blue windows.
We wanted to take Bodrum as an example because of the cleanliness of white and the positive effect on people.
By doing our work we have painted all the houses in Canköy with white and blue colors.
This work was done by state and charitable cooperation.
The project cost about 200 thousand liras.
Our Canköy in Sivas was like a small Bodrum.
We want to continue our studies with our budget and with the support of our businessmen.
Abdullah Macit, the 66-year-old Canköy President, said with the support of the District Governor, he had a brand new image of the village.
Macit, being a model village and the people of the village are very pleased, stating that everyone thanked everyone.
Drug operation in Kangal
Seven people were taken into custody in the drug operation organized by the gendarmerie teams in Sivas' Kangal province.
The gendarmerie teams working in Çetinkaya province of the province connected with the help of narcotics detector dogs spent 600 grams of cannabis, 49 drug pills, 1 hunting rifle and 1 dry tight gun ala.
Seven people were taken into custody regarding the items that were seized, and their judicial proceedings were started.
In the case of the FETO / PDY case in Adana, the property of four persons was seized with Gülen
Fethullah Gulen, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, who were tried and fined at the 2nd Heavy Penal Court, were ordered to confiscate all assets of ADANA under the Fethullahçı Terrorist Organization / Parallel State Constitution (FETÖ / PDY) for corruption.
Adana Police Directorate on 15 May 2015 with a notice in May 2012, Deputy Mayor of the Metropolitan Municipality does not mind and the administration of building corruption and plan fraud, close to the Gulen community, known as the law of the land belonging to Kanuni University, despite the absence of parliamentary decision to return to the housing area, the concession allegedly amounted to 150 million liras.
Investigation initiated on the notice that the end of the investigation is not mind, Ferat Yüksel, Mustafa Vural, Hasan Uzun and Adana Commodity Exchange former president Muammer Caliskan was arrested.
Fethullah Gulen and the former Adana Metropolitan Municipality Deputy Mayor Zihni Aldırmaz, including the 5 suspects arrested between 5 to 35 years about the penalties vary between 5 to 35 years with the request of the 2nd Heavy Penal Court.
While all the defendants did not accept the accusations, all of the arrested defendants were evicted by judicial control and a foreign fault in the last case of the case.
HAND HELD IN FINANCIAL ASSETS
The court delegation decided to arrest Ömer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, who were fugitives along with Fethullah Gülen, the number one suspect in the case.
However, the court ordered the fugitive proceedings for four defendants who were not arrested and did not come to a standstill.
Accordingly, the court ruled that all property of Fethullah Gulen, Ömer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, who are in foreign countries due to the fact that they can not reach him due to their lack of success, should be confiscated in accordance with Article 278/1 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CMK).
With this decision of the court, the immovables, land-sea and air transportation vehicles, all kinds of rights and receivables, negotiable documents, company shares with partner, rental car cases and bank accounts belonging to fugitive defendants were frozen.
MLCP member Arslan arrested with turban arrested
Serpil Arslan, member of the terrorist organization MLCP, who was caught in the police teams while trying to escape from the back door of the restaurant where he ate at AKSARAY, was arrested after the question in Adana.
Arslan wearing the unidentified turban, went to the judiciary with a slogan.
Adana Police Department affiliated to the Directorate of Combating Terrorism and Intelligence Branch Serpil Arslan, who had three separate arrest warnings about the membership of a terrorist organization, decided to go to Aksaray.
Aksaray Police Directorate of the Adana Police passing the theme, Serpil Arslan has given instructions for the capture.
Acting on the instructions Aksaray Police, Serpil Arslan wearing a turban to be recognized to eat in a restaurant determined.
As the teams entered the restaurant, Arslan noticed that the police had arrived and wanted to escape to the back door.
Serpil Arslan, who came out of the back door, was caught by TEM Branch teams of Aksaray Police Department.
Serpil Arslan was referred to the court after the question in Adana Police Headquarters.
Serpil Arslan, who was brought to the Forensic Medicine Unit for health control, wanted to shout slogans.
The woman police who closed the mouth of Arslan tried to stop the slogan.
Arslan, who was taken to the judiciary, was arrested and sent to prison.
12 judges and prosecutors in Antalya, 24 people in custody
Twenty-four people, including 12 judges and prosecutors, were taken into custody within the scope of the FETO / PDY investigation in ANTALYA.
The Antalya Security Directorate of Anti-Smuggling and Organized Crime Division detained 12 of the 15 judges and public prosecutors who were detained in their rights.
Work is underway to arrest the other 3 judges and prosecutors.
Among those taken into custody, Aksan Public Prosecutor Hasan Şahin Sarıoğlu is also present.
Within the scope of the investigation in Kumluca District of 12 people were arrested for the arrest of 12 were taken into custody.
The suspects who were taken into custody were the businessmen and the teachers who worked in closed schools of FETÖ.
The other 12 people in the scope of the investigation continue to work for the capture.
Gülen's prisoner was arrested in Erzurum
Abdullah Korucuk, the leader of Fethullah Ghetto terrorist organization (FETO) ringleader Fetullah Gulen, who was detained by police in ERZURUM, was arrested.
Fethullah Gülen, who was taken into custody in the scope of the coup attempt investigation conducted by the Anti-Terror Branch Directorate of the Security Directorate on August 9, was referred to the judiciary yesterday evening after the completion of the statement Abdullah Korucuk.
Abdullah Korucuk, the son of Fethullah Gulen's sister and a private foreign language school, was referred to the Magistrates' Court for an arrest following the questioning in the prosecutor's office.
The court arrested Abdullah Korucuk on charges of "member of the terrorist organization" and sent him to prison.
1 police martyr, 2 PKK killed
Nusaybin conflict: 1 police martyr, 2 PKK killed
MARDIN'in Nusaybin police officer serving as a patrol in the province of PKK terrorists opened fire by a police officer was a martyr.
Two PKK dead were seized in the clash.
Police vehicle patrolling near the Kışla Mosque on 27 May Street in Selahtin Eyyübi District of the province was fired by PKK terrorists at 7 am today.
1 police officer in the vehicle on the attack was a martyr.
Surveillance police teams surrounded the environment and prevented PKK terrorists from escaping.
Two terrorist weapons were killed in the clash.
Operation of the security forces continues in the region.
A police martyr in Nusaybin
One police officer was killed by the PKK, who was a police officer serving in Mardin's Nusaybin province.
Two PKK soldiers were killed in the shootout.
Police vehicle patrolling near the Kışla mosque on the 27th of May in Selahattin Eyyübi neighborhood of Mardin, which is not banned in the city of Nusaybin, was attacked by the PKK at 7 am on the morning of 7 am.
The PKK, who set up an ambush between the streets, kept the fire patrol as it crossed the police patrol vehicle.
While the first police officer in the vehicle was killed, the police were sent to the scene.
The barracks were seized dead together with two PKK weapons in the conflict between the security forces surrounding the mosque and its surroundings and the PKK.
Operation in the district continues.
His father-in-law's father-in-law was released by judicial control
Terrorist organization FETER 'Air Force imam' Adil Oksuz Sakarya's Akyazı district of his father in law in his father-in-law Cevat Yildirim and his wife Hatice Yildirim was free.
After the coup attempt, Adil Oksuz, who was arrested at Akıncı Air Base, is being released in the name of Adil, while the search continues.
Adil Oksuz'un before the loss of confusion in the last Sakarya Akyazı district of his father-in-law Cevat Yildirim was found to be near.
Fair Orphan's "34 SIR 49" was found in the parking garage of his father-in-law's house.
Cevat Yildirim and his wife Hatice Yildirim within the scope of the investigation was taken into custody yesterday.
Cevat Yıldırım and his wife Hatice Yildirim were referred to for name.
At the end of the night court, Cevat Yildirim judicial control condition and his wife Hatice Yildirim was free.
Supervised asset fund resumed in commission
The Turkey Asset Fund, which is expected to be one of the largest funds in the world, has been removed from the ban on silent bags on objections.
It was decided that the Fund would not be re-negotiated because it lacked the supervisory mechanism, but it was discussed again at the committee before any changes were made.
Utp Çakırözer, a member of the CHP deputy and the Planning and Budget Commission who evaluates the Turkish Asset Fund Law proposal on sozcu.com.tr, said, "We absolutely oppose this structure, which will be made out of the unemployment fund collected for the unemployed by the pensioners, the pensions to be taken from the workers, the laborers, the constitutional control mechanisms.
The government's proposal for a law on the Turkey Asset Fund, which the government prepared to provide long-term funding to investments and projects, was removed from the bag on Tuesday, with the opposition holding that it should be discussed separately.
However, the AKP has re-introduced the proposal to the Plan and Budget Commission today.
Parliamentary Plan and Budget Commission member of the CHP Eskisehir deputy Utku Çakırözer, Asset Fund law proposal related to the concerns and worries of the CHP told sozcu.com.tr.
Çakırözer, "When this plan came to the Planning and Budget Commission, the former Finance Minister Zekeriya Temizel, who was at the head of the CHP delegation, expressed his worries and anxieties and suggested that it should be removed from the bag and also discussed in detail.
The Government, which accepted this view, withdrew the design.
The bill came to the commission yesterday again in the same way.
"The government seems to insist on removing it from the Parliament in a week," he said.
Stating that there should be a consensus on the issue of the Asset Fund Law, Çakırözer said, "Our biggest concern in this law proposal is irregularity."
"The entities belonging to the public are being duly imposed on the workers, the obligations to be taken from the employees, the incomes from the unemployment fund collected for the unemployed, the incomes to be obtained from the privatization, the structure outside the control of the Assembly and the Court of Accounts and without any responsibility".
Çakırözer stated that the funds of Russia, China and the Gulf countries that these funds are established are in excess of the oil incomes and trade and that the fund is financed in this way.
So the fund will be made up of public resources, that is, the people's money.
It is planned to transfer 100 billion from the individual pension fund, 50 billion from the privatization, to the total of 100 billion in the unemployment fund, made obligatory to the employees.
"That means that this fund, which will be formed entirely by the people, must be under public supervision and this money should not be irresponsible."
Çakırözer emphasized that it is unacceptable to exclude a fund in which the state's resources are collected and a state in which the assets of the state are covered by collateral are excluded from the parliamentary audit, and expressed concern and worries about the proposal of the Asset Fund law:
The work and transactions relating to the collection, expenditure, borrowing on behalf of the public of such a large public entity can not be overridden only by the independent audit companies.
It is absolutely necessary to have public inspection and a transparent structure.
In the law proposal, the Asset Fund does not have provisions on the supervision and transparency of constitutional institutions.
There is no limit to how much resources can be transferred.
No one will be able to ask about how this fund is used.
The fund is justified as financing large projects.
There is no need to set up an unchecked fund other than the budget for this.
Why do not you budget it?
As such, the question naturally comes to mind, "Why is the Supreme Court and the Parliament avoided?".
Stating that they are not opposed to the transfer of the money to the investments in the Asset Fund, but they are opposed to this being done with non-transparent, non-accountable mechanisms, Çakırözer continued: "Is there such a need for debate possible?"
But if the Government insists on this, then we have to ensure that international standards applicable in other countries where such mutual funds are established also apply in Turkey.
It must be structured in a way that has an absolute control and responsibility mechanism.
If there are no chasms on it, it must be established in such a way as to give the account of the citizen's own money to the account until the end of the year.
"We are pleased that the AKP is listening to our criticisms in the Assembly especially after the July 15 coup attempt."
We hope that the AKP will listen to our constructive criticism in this law proposal.
We are opposed to the illegal use, the transfer, the irresponsibility and the lack of public control of national assets.
"The Desired Asset Fund can only be useful if these concerns are resolved," he said.
On the proposal of the law, the AKP and the opposition learned that work was done to ensure consensus.
"The investments we have made in Turkey are the indicators of trust"
Speaking at a meeting in Istanbul, Ford Otomotiv Chairman Ali Koç said, "Our investment of 30 billion TL in the last 5 years is a strong indication of our country's future."
Deputy Chairman of Koç Holding Board of Directors and Ford Otomotiv Chairman Ali Koç and many other foreign-funded company managers came together at a meeting organized by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) on the subject of "Trusted in Turkey, Produced in Turkey".
Speaking at the meeting, Ali Koç said, "We do not only express our belief in our country and our trust in our country with our partners, we fill it with our investments and actions."
Our investment of 30 billion TL in the last 5 years is an indication of our confidence in the future of our country.
It is an ecosystem that encourages Turkey to attract more foreign investment, a credible and fair legal system, a democracy at international standards, qualified workforce and R & D, innovation, entrepreneurship and added value.
In the last few years, our industrialists have provided the most comprehensive incentives of our republican history.
"I believe that these incentives and holistic strategies have used the phrase" we can start a new Investment Bond "that we need.
Siemens Industry and Commerce Turkey Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hüseyin Gelis said: "Now we know this as a global player, not just a problem of one country."
We came to Turkey with a long-term perspective.
If we are in unity and solidarity, our problems will always be solved.
We 160 years ago we could bring to this land what could not be in Turkey.
We will continue to be found in these areas in Turkey.
"Of course we will plant factories, but this horizon must be open," he said.
Shell Turkey Country President Ahmet Erdem stated that Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for them. "Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for Shell."
We believe in the potential and future of Turkey.
We have invested in many areas, primarily energy, and we continue to do so.
We thank the President, Prime Minister and Ministers for their support of international investors.
There are studies that give confidence to international investors.
"This will also increase our country's competitive power," he said.
Sandoz / Novartis Turkey and Middle East Region President Dr. Altan Demirdere, "On August 10, the Global CEO will come to Turkey."
But travel was delayed.
We opposed it.
Because the CEO's coming was very important.
Bulletproof car, protection, such as requests.
Then when he got here he saw everything was normal.
He left the guards and the car and returned happily to his country.
Investing in a country is like marriage.
First of all, if everything goes well, you will be engaged and married with a long-term plan.
We are married to Turkey and have no intention of divorce.
It was turned on the brink of the abyss!
Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım attended the consultation meeting held at the Swiss Hotel by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry on the subject of "Confidence in Turkey, Those Who Produce in Turkey" by teleconference and spoke to businessmen.
Prime Minister Yıldırım stated that the industrial sector is the sector that will provide the superiority of Turkey's comparative advantage. "In the industry sector, we also need to not pass the transition period to the Industry 4.0".
"Adding value is high, if our country is locomotive and we care to catch the 2023 targets, we should think together with the industrial revolution, information and technology revolution, and we have to do it," he said.
On July 15th, Prime Minister Yıldırım added that Turkey is returning on the brink of a great abyss. "We have been talking about another Turkey today, even if they succeeded, they meant the future of our country, those who tried to destroy democracy, the ones who did not hesitate even from the bombs of our Gazi Assembly."
The coup was taken over by the administration, the national will was abolished and the world would have fallen from the league of developing countries, we would talk about a Turkey among the 3rd world countries.
"Thank God, our nationality has emerged, our Commander-in-chief, President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan's discretion and our quarry with the resolve of this disaster," he said.
Prime Minister Yıldırım continued his words as follows: "We will take a quick look at the impact of this incident and look forward to it."
Our life with a continuous blow never and never is right.
We have very ambitious goals ahead.
This coup attempt did not shake the Turkish economy.
Chaos and those who were waiting for the crisis were once again mistaken.
Today our democracy and our economy are well balanced.
Our banking sector, our finance sector continues to work in a healthy manner.
Foreign trade deficit in 2015 seems to have fallen by 25 percent.
While the ratio of national income to national income is 5.8 per cent in 2014, this ratio has declined to 4.5 per cent in 2015.
We aim to reduce it to 4 by the end of this year.
We will never change our strict position in public finance.
Turkey's 2016 budget is higher than the national income of 130 countries.
We have reduced the national income rate of the budget deficit, which is above 11 percent, to 1.3 percent by 2015, and strive to preserve these rates.
We are better off in the public debt than the EU, many countries of the world.
Our banking finance industry continues to work on a solid ground.
"Our Central Bank did not need to give foreign currency to the market despite the 15th of July, and there is no reduction in reserves, we have over 121 billion gross reserves".
"We are also making comprehensive arrangements for saving your past loads," said Prime Minister Yıldırım, who said that they would provide any kind of facilitation for the development of the economy, the increase of production and the creation of new employment fields.
We continue to spend a lot of money on stock arrangements ranging from cash-in-excess and unpaid tax debts to redeployment and installment of assets.
"Continue to produce for your country, continue to trust your country, your government will continue to lift the obstacles one by one in front of you."
Hakan Şükür's father was taken to hospital by high sugar
Sakarya'da carried out in the scope of the operation of the terrorist organization of the PKP / PDY detained Hakan Şükür "s father Sermet Sukur, the sugar rising during the query was removed to the hospital.
In the scope of the operation initiated by Sakarya Chief Public Prosecutor for the terrorist organization of FETO / PDY after 15 July coup attempt, former national footballer Hakan Şükür and his father Sermet Şükür were caught yesterday evening.
Hakan Sukur's father, Sermet Şükür, who was taken into custody in Adapazarı at the departure of Friday prayer today, was taken to the hospital in the frenzied state while the questioning was continuing.
Sermet Sukur's treatment, which has been lifted to the end of the rising sugar trend, continues in Sakarya Training and Research Hospital.
Turkey does not break from the West, does not give up on the European Union
Mehmet Simsek: Turkey does not break from the West, does not give up on the European Union
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Şimşek, Science Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Ozlu, Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci attended the meeting entitled "Those who trust in Turkey and those who produce in Turkey" organized by Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO).
Speaking at the meeting, Minister of Science Industry and Technology Faruk Ozlu, "I think many good results from the development of the night after July 15 and I think."
The most important of these is undoubtedly the spirit of unity and unity that all of Turkey deeply feels.
The 15 July process demonstrated how robust the dynamics of the Turkish economy are and how much society has internalized democracy.
"It is clear that for a society that has reached this level in the economy and in democracy and democracy, the next process will be easier and faster to progress," he said.
"TURKEY WILL NOT BE REMOVED FROM THIS FAILURE"
Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci, who said that they were forced to tell the world about the 15 July coup attempt coming from Faruk Ozlu, stated that they declared mobilization on this issue as the government.
Zeybekci also mentioned the interest rate cuts initiated by the banks in recent period. "If 63.4% of the profit of the first five hundred percent of my real sector is going to interest, we should concentrate on this work.
For this reason, our President is returning and telling us this.
With the real sector, with the banking system, with the government, with politics, after the 15 July civilian Turkish democracy revolution, Turkey needs to get rid of this trouble with the unity and cooperation that politics has shown.
Regarding this, we welcome the recent developments.
"Hopefully in the next period, the President initiated the nine percent of the monthly rate with the incentive of the President of the Republic and started this downward trend as eight, supporting the sustainability of the economy as an economic management.
"GREEN PASSPORTU, SUCCESS FROM THE EXPORTER"
Nihat Zeybekci said, "We will win the world in the coming period, we will be the scoop." Nihat Zeybekci said, "We will not leave the country unattended in the world under the leadership of our President, Prime Minister.
We will not let anyone we do not touch about increasing our trade.
"We will never, and never will, ignore it; we will not be out of the birds at hand," he said.
Zeybekci also stated that he will give a green passport to the exporter and he will use his expression "We will give the export privilege emrine of our exporters", which is one of the most recent resolutions, that we have finished his law at the Ministry of Economy and that our exporters are approximately 17-20 thousand exporters.
"STATE REQUIRED TO BE CLEANED THROUGH THE PARK INITIATIVE"
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Şimşek, referring to the 15 July coup attempt and the posthumous assassination of Mehmet Şimşek, described the "nightmare" for the coup attempt, "But it was behind, we need to look ahead now."
"Of course, those who are in this phase of the coup attempt should be cleared from the state and this process is going to work, but more importantly, serious administrative reforms are needed in order not to face these kind of coup attempts again."
As a climate for these administrative reforms, it was declared a State of Emergency and very serious structural reforms were made up to now.
"When we do all of this, of course, we are going to continue to act in democratic principles and the rule of law," he said.
He pointed out that life is returning to normal in many areas, emphasizing that there is no reason to worry about companies and individuals who are not infected with terrorism financing.
Stating that Turkey's democracy has solidified, "I think that the democracy of Turkey has been solidified, because when you look at the root of the problems in the near future, you will see that this treacherous network is in business.
"Therefore, this terrorist organization to clean up the state, this period in Turkey is closing in Turkey's democracy will strengthen," he said.
Stating that the foundations of the economy are generally sound and that they have returned to normal structural reform agendas without losing any time, Simsek said, "Turkey has returned to its main agenda, progress in structural reforms."
Structural reforms are a must, because populism and protectionism are increasing in the world.
"Turkey can only make preparations for the future by reforming," he said.
Finally, Simsek emphasized that Turkey would not break from the West and said, "Turkey may be at times disagreed with our Western allies and friends, but Turkey does not break from the West and does not give up from the European Union."
He jumped into the sea for 25 meters and ...
In Antalya, Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı, 17 years old, was hospitalized in a fishy jump to the sea from 25 meter high cliffs called 'Kartal Hill'.
Şamil Tayyar Bayrakci, who swam with his friends during the evening hours on the Konyaaltı coast, then jumped into the sea from the 25 meter high cliffs known as "Kartal Tepesi" under the variant.
Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı, a professional swimmer, was tired of the impact of the water.
Having difficulty in moving at sea, Bayrakçı was taken to the shore by his friends who were professional swimmers like himself.
Health officials who came to the scene of the notice, after the intervention Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı'na Antalya Training and Research Hospital took the ambulance.
It was noted that there was no vital danger of the Bayrakçı being treated.
A friend of the Bayrakçı, who gave the testimony to the police, said, "The eagle is hurting when we skip fishing from Kartal Tepesi."
"We could not figure it out," he said.
25 dead - Spokesman Newspaper
About 10 kilometers from the Cilvegözü Border Gate in Hatay's Reyhanlı District, the settlements in the Sarmada Town of Syria's Idlib province were hit by regime planes.
Local sources reported that 25 people were killed in the attack and 40 others were wounded.
Two separate air attacks were organized by regime planes at noon and evening hours in Sarmada Town, which is under the control of the opposition of Syria's Bab-Al Air Border Gate opposite Cilvegözü Border Gate.
Local sources said the air strike targeted the planes and 25 people were killed.
It is reported that 40 people were injured when the explosion sounds heard from Reyhanlı as well, and the number of the dead is increasing.
President Erdoğan chose Kaya for membership of YÖK!
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan elected H. Abdullah Kaya, the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Finance, as a member of the Higher Education Council (YÖK).
In the statement made by the Presidency, "President Sayin elected the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Finance H. Abdullah Kaya according to b / 1 of 6th article of the Higher Education Law numbered 2547, to the membership of the Higher Education Council vacated due to the resignation of Seyit Ahmet Baş.
On the other hand, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan endorsed the "International Labor Force Law" No. 6735.
In the statement made by the Presidential Press Center, "The International Labor Force Law No. 6735" was sent to the Prime Ministry by the President of Turkey to be published in accordance with the first paragraph of Article 89 of the Constitution and the second paragraph (a) of Article 104 of the Constitution.
Two brothers killed in Kahta with armed attacks
ADIYAMAN "In Kahta District, two brothers attacked in a car in a car, lost his life.
The event took place on Mustafa Kemal Caddesi in the evening hours.
Rahman Karahan's 39-year-old headed to the town center 02 KH 839 plate automobile, a person unknown to the gun opened fire with a gun.
The car in the Karahan administration stopped multiplying by another car, losing control with the fire opened.
Meanwhile, the person who came next to the car, fired at random from Umar Karahan, 50, who was next to his brother Ramazan Karahan.
Karahan brothers, while heavily wounded, the attacker ran away from the scene by motorcycle.
Police and health teams were dispatched to the case upon notice.
Karahan brothers, who were seriously injured, were removed from the Kahta State Hospital by ambulance.
Ömer and Ramazan Karahan, who were treated in urgent service, could not be saved despite all the efforts of the doctors.
While the bodies of the two brothers were being morgue for the autopsy, the police investigating the mobese and security cameras in the area where the incident took place started working to detect the identity of the fleeing attacker.
Britain must channel the Olympic soul and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will offer renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and in London, but also across the country.
I think it will make Heathrow as attractive as it is in London 2012, where we have made an incredible effort to benefit all the nations and regions from Games.
The Olympics provided great advantages for Stratford and the East End.
And we will achieve this again by creating opportunities for local people and companies close to Heathrow.
We will only have 10,000 new internships for our local communities, 40,000 new jobs and we will not leave unemployed youth around the airport.
There will be those who think that the struggle to expand Heathrow is too difficult, as it was before London 2012.
I was told that Britain would never be able to prepare for the Games and that we would be disgraced all over the world.
Those who have doubts were wrong in 2012 and they will be seen to be wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow answers all the questions asked.
As in the Olympics, Heathrow is not just a few people, but an infrastructure project for many people.
The expansion has the opportunity to create 180,000 new jobs and £ 211 billion in economic growth and leaves many skills and jobs available both around the airport and throughout the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow who has invested in a timely and budget-friendly £ 11 billion infrastructure investment between the two busiest stations in the world, from the T5 (selected as the world's best airport terminal for five consecutive years) to the T2.
We are now ready to offer a third track, backed by a £ 16 billion private investment.
The London 2012 Games were a big success for the UK and there is no doubt that the expansion of Heathrow will be so.
It is time for us to assure our commercial future by channeling this Olympic spirit to the expansion of Heathrow and to create many skills and jobs that Britain will be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Heathrow and the Secretary of Commerce of the former Treasury Department
Adblock Plus, Facebook ad blocking "like cat-and-mouse game"
For companies that earn money from online advertising, attempts to block ad blocking software are reminiscent of "cat-and-mouse", according to one of the software makers.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block ad blockers on its desktop site, Adblock Plus posted a blog post saying that users could update their filters to block ads on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook said that ad blockers would change the codes around the ads to make it harder to determine which part of the page was the ad.
But Adblock now says you unlocked the new codes.
In a blog post, Ben Adblock spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this is a forward-looking trade-off between the community of blocking open-source ads and those trying to prevent them, since the invention of adblocking has been invented" and Facebook is likely to produce its own solution in the near future.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has entered this struggle shows how much concern the ad blockers have for the industry.
Last year, according to a study by PageFair and Adobe, around 200 million people globally use an ad blocker, which is four times the number of people using software this way in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via mobile devices, mobile ads now account for 84 percent of Facebook's ad revenue.
According to one spokesperson, mobile adblockers have been in the pursuit of corporate ad blockers on the company desktop because it is not effective for Facebook's mobile apps and Instagram for social networking.
As Facebook sees such a move worth investing in, desktop ads should still be able to generate enough revenue.
Also Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update its "ad preferences" tool so people can better control which ads are served to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were alarming, and that some of the ad-free content on the site would also block some.
A Facebook spokesman said in an e-mailed biography "We are not offering these people a good experience and we are planning to deal with this issue."
The ad blockers are a faded vehicle, so we're focused on creating tools like Ads Preferences to give control to people.
A woman ran into the Swiss motorway, which seems to be suicide
The victim was lying on the highway at midnight.
Police are looking for people who witnessed the crash of several cars on a woman's highway early Thursday, in what seems like suicide.
The event took place in the Vaud canton in the A1 near Morges, right after midnight Thursday night.
The Vaud police said in a statement that the woman was lying "in a desperate way" in the darkness of the night, and that a few vehicles hit him.
A Swedish woman, aged 49, who was obviously keen to kill herself, hit a few vehicles, including a truck.
He lost his life at the scene.
The police stated that they were seeing several of the drivers involved but some of them could not be identified and asked them and everyone involved to refer to them.
Lawyer Gilles Hofstetter said in Le Tribune de Geneve that a "criminal prosecution" was launched as a "logical" step to be taken in situations like this ".
However, it is not yet known whether the drivers involved will face any charges.
Could it be avoided without collision?
That's what the prosecutor has to figure out, "Hofstetter said.
Two similar cases over the past five years indicate that drivers will not be held accountable.
The voicemail was ruled that it was normal for drivers not to expect to see a passenger on the highway in the middle of the night at half-time (both included a person who snooped in the dark).
Last year, in August 2014, a police officer who caused his death by hitting a man lying on the road near the Porterne in A1 was not guilty of causing death because of negligence.
In court, it was expressed that the victim of the 22-year-old was drinky and infiltrated on the road.
The court stated that the police officer responding to an emergency call was using the vehicle reasonably and that the presence of a man on the road was "a completely exceptional and unpredictable situation".
Those who have information about the incident that took place near Morges on Thursday should call the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus is suitable for a time
According to estimates of the new NASA climate model, Venus had conditions suitable for some time to live.
The scientists at the NASA Goddard Space Studies Institute have developed a model to explore the past of Venus, using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus was once home to Earth-like conditions with its warm, water-free surface and CO2-filled atmosphere.
Scientists used to describe the low spin rate of Venus in the past with the thick atmosphere layer.
But the most recent estimates suggest that Venus may have had a subtle, Earth-like atmosphere, and that it could still turn slowly.
The model also looked at the topography of the ancient Venus.
Even though the planet has more dry regions than Earth, it may have had adequate water and geographical variability and rapid evaporation protection.
The Old Venus also benefited from a dimmer sunlight at about 30 percent.
GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio, in a news release, said, "In the simulation of the GISS model, the slow turn of Venus would have made the daylight side facing the sun for almost two months each time."
This led to rains forming thick layers of clouds that acted like an umbrella protecting the surface from solar-induced warming by heating the surface.
As a result, only a few degrees colder average climate temperatures were emerging from the Earth's present day.
The model enabled Venus to create a story similar to evolution that the planet scientists previously hypothesized as a hypothesis.
Although once in a lifetime, Venus has been exposed to a lot of heat and ultraviolet light in a few billion years.
The oceans have evaporated and the water vapor has vanished by the ultraviolet light.
Hydrogen was consumed and there was only a thick atmosphere left behind with only deadly greenhouse gas effect, namely Venus as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of the new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Articles.
Patrick Roy stepped down from the Avalanche antennae
Patrick Roy resigned from Colorado Avalanche coaching and hockey operations vice president on Thursday, saying the team was not given a say in the decision-making process.
Joe Sakic, Colorado vice president / general manager, approved this development and stated that his club would immediately start looking for a new coach.
"In the past three years, I have fulfilled my duties as vice president of chief coaching and hockey operations in Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said Roy, 50, in his statement.
During the summer I thought it was a long way to improve and improve how I can get to a higher level by giving it the depth that I need.
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP hockey operations must be in perfect harmony with the vision of the founding.
You also need to have a say in decisions affecting your team's performance.
At present, these conditions are not yet met.
By adding Roy to the team on May 23, 2013, Sakic thanked Roy for the contributions he made.
Sakic said, "Patrick made me aware of his decision today."
We thank him for everything we do for our organization and we wish him good luck in the future.
Roy won the Jack Adams Prize as the best coach of the league in his first season of 2013-14 with Avalanche.
The club earned 112 points and allowed the team to finish the league first, but Colorado lost to Minnesota on the first round of the play-off season and missed the post-season games every two years.
Avalanche crossed the 39-39-4 target in 2015-16 and received five points less than necessary for the second wildcard field in the Western Conference.
Honor Roll keeper Roy won four Stanley Cups, two for Montreal Canadiens and two for Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers continue to negotiate by grabbing hatches
North Sea oil workers were hired for the strike because of wages, and chief negotiators began debating for a new round of talks.
The strike against the oilfield services company Wood Group is being carried out gradually on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"We decided to resume the process for the settlement of the current dispute with Wood Group as Unite and RMT unions," a joint statement said.
Over the next few weeks, we will be organizing a series of full day-long meetings to adopt a new perspective on issues from the beginning of the next week.
Workers' unions stated that this protest was the first action since 25 years against wage cuts that could reach 30 per cent.
This year, Wood Group cut approximately 9 percent in payments to contractors in the North Sea due to negative pressures in the market.
After the company's wage reduction process, a 10 percent price reduction was applied to the coastal contractors in 2014.
The company said additional cuts would provide the company with the space needed to get through the troubled period in the market.
Shell, with its British energy company BG Group, announced that it would cut thousands of people out of their business while they were gearing up for their operations in the merger process, and plans to release oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries.
Energy companies are under pressure because of the low crude oil prices, an economic situation that Britain's decision to leave the European Union in June has caused.
Dave Anderson, a member of the Scottish Parliament, will meet with workers' leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes in the North Sea.
As he says, the North Sea is vital to the regional economy.
He said in a statement, "We need an effective economy for the majority, not for the North Sea and for the whole country."
Despite an average investment of nearly $ 7 billion over the past five years, it is expected to invest less than $ 1.4 billion in new projects in the North Sea in 2016.
Kepler, Ulker measure the rotation speed of the stars in the team star
The Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers to create the most complete catalog of astronomical stars in terms of their rotation speed.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in the team star are spinning at varying speeds and that the period of rotation is related to planetary formation.
Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release, "When we compare our results with star clusters, we hope to learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, age, and even the history of the solar system."
Ülker's team star is 445 light years away from Earth.
Most of the stars in the team star formed 125 million years ago and reach new levels of adulthood.
They return at the highest possible speed throughout their lives.
At peak rotation speeds, the stars at this stage of maturation generate a large amount of star wind.
As these winds advance in the magnetic fields of the stars, they create a breaking effect on the stars.
As a star ages, the speed of rotation begins to fall.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of each star by monitoring the time between visible star spots, such as sun spots.
The latest spin rates catalog suggests that larger stars are spinning faster than smaller stars.
Rebull compared the stars to the dancers and stated that the bigger ones made their turns on one foot slower than the smaller ones.
Rebull says, "On Ulker, we see that slower revolutions are much heavier and fast revolutions are very light stars."
Since Ülker's team star is very close, it is an ideal cosmic laboratory for comparing star characteristics and rotation speeds.
"The Ulker team star provides theoretical models for star returns in both ways, young and old," says Rebull.
There are more things we want to know about how the stars' spin speeds fall, when, and why, and why they leave 'dance shoes' on a corner if it is clear.
Rebull and his colleagues explained in detail the latest analysis of the Ulker team star about their speed of rotation in three new articles to be published shortly in the Astronomy Magazine.
