Extremist San Francisco Allights at 28
The 28-year-old singer, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the bulk of a local shopping centre this week.
But his brother, he said, did not think he could be able to harm him. "Finally, things are good for him," he said.
San Francisco Adli Tip Corporation said it was determined to belong to San Francisco calm Frank Galicia, 28, the body who was at the Westfield Allight Center on Wednesday morning.
The San Francisco Police Directorate has reported that the cause of death has been murdered and the research has continued.
His male brother, Louis Galicia, told the ABC station in San Francisco that he had previously worked as a kitchen division chief in Boston, and began working as a small division chief of San Francisco Sons & Daughters, six months ago.
This death, the Sons & Daughters official said, "has turned themselves to the bottom and they are very sad."
"We are a small team that works like a hard family here and he will be very apologised," he said.
At this difficult time, we would like to say that Frank is not alone in his family and that our walls are with them.
Louis Galicia said Frank was initially staying in hostels, and that he was "going well for him in the end."
Louis Galicia told KGO that he had "kept an apartment and he was out with a girl."
Louis Galicia said he did not think he could be one that could want to harm his small male brother.
He was a nazic person, a heart of her husband.
The way to connection with the family is to prepare us for always a taboo, to eat us, "Louis Galicia said.
He was never happy with entering the tunnel.
My sister, they were adapted to every situation.
"All other things in the world go alone, while this day it was not the moment when it was impeached," he said.
They were asked to search for the SFPD Exhibition Hattle of 415-575-4444.
Asistan doctors strike: calls for new job slowdown
Representatives of the Asistan doctors asked the unions in connection with a new contract to allow the unions to slow the business slowdown.
The Association of British Tables (BMA) Asistan Doctors' Committee (JDC) called for the general council to support more business slowdown by the beginning of September.
The JDC said the ministers did not address concerns about the contract.
Asistan doctors and medical students voted against the contract deal with BMA.
This was rejected by 58% of members who voted.
In a article published on Thursday night on Twitter, JDC head Ellen McCourt said the government remained "silent" on problems that caused the rejection of the contract.
"In light of this, the JDC Board of Directors voted to reject the proposed new contract and called for a reofficial talks on concerns," he said.
In response to the silence of the government, the JDC administration has made an official request to allow the BMA Council to allow a programme to increase business slowdown from the beginning of September.
The dispute caused the assailant doctors to participate in six greenings that included the cuts of the first ball in NHS history this year.
Dr Johann Malawana, a doctor in the BMA, stepped down after the BMA was voted against the contract terms proposed by the BMA.
During the meetings before the vote of 54,000 rebels and medical students, BMA members said it was a good deal that should be accepted.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be introduced in a way to apply for doctors in the UK.
Russia and Turkey: A 'incompatible alliance'?
It was a gesture that terminated the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and announce the official termination of the eight-month war, which continued with the hands and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart during the demonstration of the St. Petersburg Palace, I was closed to the obvious impression that the entity, which wants to make this consensus, is Ankara.
Al-frequent, yes.
However, Mr. Putin's goal was quite weakened, and even against its own restricted standards, it was rumoured to spread any temperature.
On the contrary, Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke of "good friend" Mr. Putin; five times, according to a report.
I was surprised by my number.
He also pledged that relations with Russia will not return to the pre-crisis level, but will reach much higher levels.
The following day, in a newspaper there, Mr. Erdogan was in case that there was no bad thing.
I think his excitement has shown it full.
But the cold suicide by Mr. Putin showed that the Russian leader had not forgotten anything.
In fact, the first thing he mentioned in the opening was the reason for the crisis: to reduce Turkey's Russian warplane at the Syrian border.
At the time, Russia's response was hyddet.
Mr. Putin made a sharp appearance, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow.
The anger was much bigger, he was thought to have been a friend of the entity.
The real rebuilding of security will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
Since November, the idea of Russia has changed.
The state controlled media has targeted Ankara in a shareholder and aggressive manner.
In the past, everything was the Turks.
The most serious of them was charges that senior officials had made a profit from the illegal oil trade in areas under the control of Mr. Erdogan's family in Syria.
He dismissed it as a final.
The official message from St. Petersburg was, however, that it is time to continue.
In his view, the reason for this meeting was that Mr. Putin had received an apology that he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could see it as a kind of victory.
The benefits of a cease-fire call for Ankara are very clear.
First, Erdogan needs friends after a failed coup last month, which will lead to almost overthrow.
The repeated terrorist attacks in Turkey also affected him.
Additionally, economic reasons are effective.
The sanctions imposed by Russia have hit hard; especially every year, it is banned from private flights carrying a few million Russian tourists to Turkey's coastal regions.
That number has fallen almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and leasing companies are certainly relieved with the fact that flights will continue.
They depend on the intensity of the season in the Mediterranean.
And this week, state television predicted that there will be a reduction in the prices of fruit and vegetables with the repercussions of Turkish agricultural products.
"Tourists are here, the tomores are here," he said.
However, there was also a separate political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry to the West because it does not find the reaction to the coup initiative enough.
Mr. Putin, who has been angry over a long time when the talks on joining the United States have been added to the outright pace of talks, has been activated by Mr. Putin, who wants to take advantage of Turkey's ties with the West and to take advantage of the standoff.
The Russian leader certainly appears to have topped the sympathy from Ankara, due to a call for the support of elected officials after the crackdown.
Unutely, it was an inevitable position for Moscow, which has been a rooted fear on the change of regime.
This summit, held in the seaside palace, represents a "alliances alliance" in which Russia and Turkey explain to me: a "incompatible alliance" that the West rejects and combines the two countries where the West rejected.
Nevertheless, despite the footage of this consensus, they are quite aware of each other.
One of the most important is Syria: Russia and Turkey support different sides if Moscow shows itself as a mediator.
After almost three hours of talks, the two others say they did not address this issue at a press conference.
Turkey's president has made it clear of answering a question about these differences, while Mr. Putin chose to underline them.
There is no clear consensus on how to determine the common zemy in Syria.
However, after months of enthusiasm, the two leaders are definitely in a good development, when the two leaders are in mind, in mind the potential potential for Turkey to hit the Russian warplane and lowered the Russian warplane.
The Scottish Royal Bank does not exist for customers outside Scotland
According to the head of the Bank executive board, the RBS brand will go to the arka office position.
The Scottish Royal Bank will not exist for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan said the RBS brand of the BBC Scotland was associated with the global targets of the bank.
Eight years ago, they had to withdraw and give up from them because they came to the almost western situation.
In this time, marka strategy experts used 'RBS to protect other consumer financial brands.
This was supported by millions of demonstrations for several sponsors until the Wimbledon Andy Murray championship from the Six Ulus raging championship.
Now, however, it was decided that it will be the right to propose more national brands.
The Scottish Royal Bank will be used by Scottish customers but the new beginnings will not be made.
All references to RBS, except for the central and stock exchange rates in the UK and Galler, will be changed as NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The smaller brands that will take a much more dominant task for individual banking are available; Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Bay McEwan interviewed in a round for customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
"After that we will be a bank consisting of more brands, the RBS brand will no longer be the brand of investor brands and personnel," the BBC said.
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became global brand.
Now I say we have local goals, not global.
Each of these brands will put it in a slightly different way in the community, and our staff will work under the name of these brands with customers.
RBS said it would not continue its sponsorship of the Six Ulus championship and is raising the profile of different brands on sports sponsorship.
"We now have the time to cross the bank understanding because we asked ourselves -- how can we make it a better bank for customers?" he said.
Three years ago, I found that we would be a wonderful bank for our customers, and if we have indicated that we will offer these brands.
However, I think we will see a lot of changes, not the work we have conducted and that we focus on the needs of clients.
We can reactivate these brands, so I think this is the right time.
Frankie Dettori wins 3000th for his victory in Newmarket with Prepetition
Dettori boasts shamper after reaching 3000th victory with double success in Newmarket
Jokey Frankie Dettori won the 3000th victory in the UK in Newmarket on Friday.
In the local pistol, he won this milestone by winning the second victory of the night with Prepetition, which John Gosden educated.
Italy, 45, is the sixth jokey to reach this milestone in the unique runoff.
It follows the permits of Sör Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
"This is a special situation," jokey said. "This is a special situation."
I am very heard because my family is here
It is really very happy that this is in the Newmarket, where I started this job 30 years ago.
This is not an important meeting, it is not a Royal Ascot - it is an ordinary Friday night with only 20,000 people.
I feel eased and relieved.
Dettori accepts schemes by introducing Prepetition after victory
Two jokey, which reached this milestone in the coming runoff: champion jokey Richard Johnson and 20 times champion and retired jokey Sör Anthony McCoy, who won over 4300 victory in his career with the record.
Lester Piggott, who won the Derby race nine times, has 4493 victory in his career
Frankie is one of the best jokeys of our age and is not surprising to reach a milestone where only a few people have reached.
Tarz is a owner and a strong person, but the tactical mentality, which has the element that provides heavy pressure from others in the therapy.
It is an extraordinary representation of the horizon, and the sculpture and carization of this issue attracts people to this sport.
A few weeks ago, I said he could have reached the 6000th victory for Frankie in Epsom, not only a jokey that competed in the songs and big races.
If he needs to be serious, Frankie spent a large part of the 30 years he competed in the United Kingdom, and it is very beautiful to see it.
He has a very exciting character and is a very good feature for these British competitions, but it is an extraordinary jokey beyond that.
Frankie Dettori celebrates this milestone as a symbol of thoughts, beating the move.
The competitors, who finished with the playground, have become a symbol of British disabled runners, with many movements from the jump, as well as by Frankie Dettori for their inquiry.
It was a journey of innocence.
In 1996, he won several major races, including the famous' Greater Yet 'victory in Ascot, but was survived in a plane accident and was banned due to failing to comply with the pharmaceutical law.
Three years ago, he showed that he had a strong character, especially in a way to unfair and become the best, during the return of this six-month distance process.
And once again, Dettori had previously said he wanted to continue to compete until at least 50 years old.
Russia's Putin dismisses private heart Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has dismissed private heart Sergei Ivanov as unexpected.
Mr. Ivanov was part of the close surroundings of Mr. Putin over the long years.
The 63-year-old was now deployed as a special representative for environmental and transport problems.
In a statement, the Kremlin said Mr. Putin "decided to end the post of Russian leadership," but no reason was given.
Anton Vaino, who has been acting to Mr. Ivanov since 2012, has been deployed for this position.
Vaino, who is 44 years old, is a former diplomat.
He was born in Tallinn of Estonia in 1972, graduated from the International Relations (MGIMO) department of the prominent Moscow State Institute (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
Later, he was interested in the administration of the presidential protocol and government staff; the testimony at the Kremlin website is this shape (Rusca).
After his dismissal, Mr. Putin said: "I thank you for your confidence."
I think the most important task of the administration is to support our activities as the head of the state in terms of overseeing the law and the implementation of the instructions.
Mr. Putin said on Friday he wanted the Russian TV channel to be removed from Mr. Ivanov and had proposed Mr. Vaino to replace him.
Are they convincing?
This is a move that has fallen Moscow in a dream.
Sergei Ivanov has been working as one of the closest allies of Vladimir Putin and served as the Soviet security forces KGB, such as him.
As a special heart, it was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin and published on state television, both expressed his dismissal with his own request.
However, despite the ambitious positions given to the cameras, very few people have been convinced that, especially at this time the parliamentary elections are approaching.
Is this a disagreement from such a ruling struggle?
No one knows that.
However, a person who could be president has been met with major scepticism that a person who could want to manage multiple Russia's environmental policy.
According to the Kremlin website, Mr. Ivanov has shaken his words to Mr. Putin: "When you have a speech in early 2012, I can say that this difficult - even trouble - I want you to trust me for four years for the task.
Eh, according to the outlook, four years, I served as the leadership special heart for eight months.
Mr. Ivanov assumed this post in December 2011.
He previously served as deputy prime minister and defence ministry posts.
Kendisi is a former member of the KGB state security forces, such as the Russian Security Council member and Mr. Putin.
At the end of the 1990s, Mr. Putin was the head of the Federal Security Forces (FSB), which replaced the KGB, while Mr. Ivanov was acting to him.
When Mr. Putin took power, he was showing Ivanov as one of the five most confidence.
It was thought Mr. Putin could be president after the second term of Mr. Putin, when Mr. Putin was unconstitutional in the third term.
That task, however, was transferred to another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr. Putin became prime minister before returning three and a half years later.
Thomas Gibson, star of the level Minds series, was chased after being hit by producer
Gibson was included in a physical battle last month in the series of the series in Los Angeles.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, who are undertaking the producer, announced a joint statement that he was fired.
Gibson, which revived the Special Ajan Aaron Hotchner, issued an apology Tuesday before the announcement of the fesih announcement.
There was differences and a dispute about creative issues.
"I regret that such a incident took place," he said.
In addition to ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, detailed information on how the character played by Gibson will be issued from the programme, which followed a group of FBI agents, will be made in the future.
The 54-year-old actor, who was previously part of the situation comedy called Dharma & Greg, had been in the programme since the first season in 2005.
Gibson said in a baby published on Friday, "I love the state Minds and worked with my heart and ruin for the past ten years."
I would like to stay until then, but this is no longer possible.
I want to thank only the writers, producers, actors, our great team, and most importantly, the best supporters who can have a programme.
The programme is expected to return to the screens on September 28 for ten second season.
The hidden of ballots in the Banff spring
A person living in the Banff area has applied for assistance to define the ballots that emerged in the spring of Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that this 75 ballot could be the kum ballots that moved with the maritime enthusiasm.
Bain, who lives 500m away from the sea, published the footage in Periscope, hoping that someone will shed light on the emergence of ballots.
Queensferry Transition: Bridge now linked to Fife
The project, worth 1.35 billion, must be completed by May 2017
Engineers joined the north of the Queensferry Transition and the viyady; this means the bridge is now linked to Fife.
It is from four closings between the "paintings," which is to be completed in the surroundings of each of the three clubs.
The cut from the Bridge from Fife is 600m long and has 30,000 tonnes of weight.
Between 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of bets and 46 support wireers.
The project, worth 1.35 billion, must be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the facilities today and was one of the first people to walk into the bridge.
It said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry Transition.
We all are personally responsible for an engineering scale with this project, which is used for more than 30,000 tonnes of course for the construction of this part of the bridge.
Despite the extraordinary dimension and weight of the bridge that closed the gap between the visa and the bridge picture, it is a sensitive work that requires very sensitive tolerance for this harmony.
Overall, almost 79% of the total bridge picture has been settled, but the course of the first cut of the picture is to be carried out in Rosyth today, meaning that the entire picture will be ready to be lifted on the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Forth Transition and Bridge Entrepreneurs project, said: "In all bridge projects, the first closing is always a significant milestone.
In this extraordinary project, this closure represents the predecessor in construction engineering.
We had to close the vacuum on the northern -or kara- side after the final road picture is also settled and connecting the wider North Tower level.
That was carried out in the north with a period of 700 miles.
This was very big but also a very sensitive transaction.
The great reason was that the volume was 222m long, it was almost 6000 tonnes of weight and would not have to be pulled in about 3%.
The reason for Hassas was not too low, and it is only a few miles on both sides.
Neyse said everything went on track.
Moelfre Gulf rescue team: Three men are lucky because they were in life
The three men are "lucky because they survived," after they fell from the fisherman monopoly in Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI canning flotilla station gave a alert on Friday at 13: 20, with the British summer hours after the shipment saw the case in the Moelfre Gulf.
The three men were struggling to face a safe allocation when their boats continue on track.
"We saw that the offer took the right apartments to them, and we were closed to concern," he said.
"If we are, we were away from strong winds until they are on the right path," he added.
Two of the candidates were rescued by a local fishing monopoly, while the third man, 60, had been kept to a shame without a survivor.
They were all given to the cannabled fleet, which went to the coast, and was brought to a cannabled flotilla station
Bay Jones said: "The three men per capita are lucky because they are in life and they have never got half.
There was an emergency stopping cable in the Tekne engine, but it should be copied in a way that uses the monopoly when it comes to the monopoly.
Today, these three men were watching them.
A valuable avalanche for health and happiness, Pokémon Go
It is really shocking to see how the world has changed.
The fact that young people and children will no longer be excluded to play a game, they prefer to spend empty times by looking at the screens, while most of them were sorry over the past decade.
Pokemon Go encourages people to move away from blood.
By looking at the teams, the time has spread to video games, especially with television, as well as to smart phones.
For this reason, it is really wonderful to see that acting in technology and open air is not the elements that exclude each other.
Of course, I am talking about Pokémon Go, a practice that was founded in the 90s, especially for the video game, which is based on the cartoon, game cards and other subsidiaries.
Like many of the popular culture, this new game joined the middle when it was presented in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
Later, the presentation was delayed in other countries due to the intense interest, which caused the excessive burden in servers.
Within the days, Pokémon Go Tinder has more and has reached the same number of users with almost Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players will be looking for Pokémon, followed by GPS, and that they can get the photo 'photographer' (in phone), or to catch them. '
He took the game from blood to search for a generation that played in the younger age.
In the United States, the game has increased dramatically in the number of steps taken by a "average" person every day.
Cardiogram, a practice developed for Apple Watch and watched 35,000 users, said that the percentage of people who had been followed in the next two days after being presented to the Washington Post recently increased from 45 per cent to 53 per cent.
The company does not know that the chemistry is playing Pokémon Go; it can only see crude data at the egzero level.
Many public health campaigns, who encourage people to "allocate 30 minutes," and "be active every day," have been ignored because most public health messages are tightened and communicated by people who appear to be persistent.
Still, it is little to emphasise the significance of the egzero.
Regulately, the possibility of cancer or depression cannot be reduced.
Egzersiz, weight control, relief on issues such as high blood and dignity, and it has a list of long advantages that will not be listed here.
However, the beauty of Pokémon Go is that it is out to make people out to do something they enjoy.
In this way, three basic elements of health are welcome: movement, clean air and solar light.
Some people can even get a new friend during the hunt.
Like every time, those who are searching for something that will complain are available.
And, of course, one could hit the door in force.
What is the difference?
A great innovation was presented.
If the smart phone practices such as Fitbit follow our operation, it did not offer us a reason to do so, such as this game.
Innovation will have the impact, and my use will be reduced by time.
Due to the success of Pokémon, however, the applications and virtual reality will be brought to a lot of plays, which helps free people in the real world to be more active, format and healthy.
Mr Joe, from www.drjoetoday.com, read blog writing
Simone Biles closes gold medal in female gymnastics general assessment
It is forgotten.
The delegation is forgotten.
Simone Biles has a donation of all them.
It is dynamic about the appointment.
The balance is comfortable.
It is shocking with Yerevan.
It is less perfect.
And that is now a Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnastics first completed the general assessment on Thursday, clearly showing the difference between him and the rest of the world in the Olympics.
In all, it was 62.198 points, the silver medal and his friend, Aly Raisman, who was a friend of the "last five" team, and Aliya Mustafina, a Russian bronze medal.
Simone Biles, of the United States, performed on Thursday in a balance in the final of the women's figure skating general assessment in the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Brazil.
Biles was the fourth and generally fifth American woman to receive the overall assessment award for the arka arena, and announced its own generation and perhaps the best of all time.
When the last total was published, it was drowned to their eyes and the long travel it came to achieve.
This success has raised the same level with athletes like Michael Phelps, who can be seen in every generation that climbed to new levels:
Biles has spent 15 world championships, including 10 gold in the last three years, and a mixture of theft and sensitivity to the 1984 Olympic champion, Mary Lou Retton, as one of the most accomplishments in this sport.
In Brazil, a final test was expecting it; it was the burden that there were a lot of him and great expectations, rather than among other people in the field of Biles.
He was seen as a disappointment with the family home in Spring with less than a handful of gold medals.
Simone Biles from the United States, left, and Aly Raisman at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Brazil, after receiving gold and silver medals, respectively, after receiving gold and silver medals, respectively.
Biles won on Tuesday, when he served as a sign of the farewell party of the national team co-ordinator, Martha Karolyi, who retired the first.
If Biles did not look forward to the summit, it is not fully accurate, but it is not fully accurate.
Part of the tactical parade, which has become a symbol of Yer egzero, has been drafted with Latin museums, which will fully harmonise the street outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
It is not a facility.
The girl, discovered by the mother of a small child and a smaller child by his great father and his great father, was discovered by the mother of Boorman at a gymnastics salad where Aimee Boorman was a tragedy.
Since the summer of 2013, it has not lost one of the general assessments; it is a winner, a winner that needs to continue as long as it wants.
Mustafina took the leadership in two rotations, but it was the parade.
The balance, which Biles took over the world championship, has not yet been done.
The audit received 15.433 points, with a score of 15.933, with a score of 15.933.
Raisman was shaken by the supervision as he waited the final score, and the vision of Biles once wrote to a smear book was real, while the red, white and blue teacher set the eyes.
Raisman's performance was the touch of the performance four years ago, when four were sharing the fourth, but later lost to Mustafina.
For this time, the 22-year-old team, which Americans called "nine," passed the captain.
Time then sent the crowd to the crowd after he was overcome with a suspicious return.
The tweet, which was recently shared by the 19-year-old Biles drinking earlier this week, could now be said to be a completely new memorial.
Police: 3 victims in Seri katil case, hit by music in car
Two women and a 12-year-old girl, a 12-year-old girl in the first skin killer of Phoenix for ten years, were speaking in the car and shot in the car, according to police reports published on Thursday.
The authorities, Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter, Maleah, were shot in a parked car on 12 June on a garden road, officials said.
The report said the gunman was fired at the passenger side of the car, and was fired at eight hands and moved away with another tool.
Police say these three murders do not appear to be robbery because the aggressive adults have not received the confiscation of the victims or $2,900.
Commissioner Jonathan Howard, a spokesman for Phoenix police, said the researchers of the armed attack were directed to examine whether this was linked to the previous four attacks.
In four months, seven people were killed and two injured in nine attacks on the neighbourhoods of Spanish origin.
At the beginning of this month, Howard said, "This was in the settlement area in front of a house."
A model in the late 1990s, Nissan is thought to have used a few vehicles that include black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln in the late 1990s.
The researchers refused to explain the evidence that the attacks were related to the same killer and that they were carried out by the same killer.
Ellis (33) was taken to hospital due to injuries and then died.
Liner (31) and Ellis's daughter, Maleah, died at the scene.
A person who was driven by the office said it was not an unusual situation to listen to the police in the car that parked those people.
At the same time, authorities published a police report on the incident, which targeted a box truck that targeted a empty truck, half a half hours before the three murders.
The researchers found the bullets, issued a columnist and identified the bullets in the motor division.
The mother of the 66-year-old microsefali damage: "A better hal"
Like the six-year-old child, Edmund Picciuto also loves the song, his players and, of course, his mother.
Unlike the flows, however, the microsefire is uncomfortable in Edmund; this is a genetic disease that his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, was not informed of his presence during the move.
When Eve came first, I would not be able to do so.
I cannot do it.
I did not want it.
These are, of course, not true, but of course, "he said.
He and his wife, Vincent, were told that Edmund could never recognise them, and could not survive.
Some doctors have gone until they offered to be invested in the maintenance house.
"My first reaction was to say I did not think people are doing it anymore," Picciuto said.
Edmund can walk with the help of a march.
Edmund was unable or retire until he came to three years old, and he is still unable to speak.
However, he is slowing down to some turning points.
He can walk through assistance and can build in cycling.
In addition, he loves playing and sing playing with the two brothers.
Elizabeth indicates that Edmund was observed in order to deploy "with the song."
Picciuto told CBS News, "We taught the Ona signal language."
However, as we know, it is not a sign language, but he says Edmund has observed its own signs.
Mikrosefali could emerge due to a series of different things; a genetic situation like Edmund could be present, and could be caused by infections posed by viruses, such as angry and Zika.
The watch of documents and disease could show very big differences.
It is too early to say that the life of people in the Zika infection will be affected by this situation.
Picciuto remembers the emotional burden posed by the uncertainty of his future.
I asked what happens as a process.
What will happen?
And he still does not know it.
In fact, I have not asked me a question about the sex of the disease for a long time when I did not expect anyone to tell me.
Picciuto, however, has been able to offer promising recommendations for the mothers of babies, who are apologized because of Zika.
It is getting better.
You know it will be better for you.
You will love your child, your child will love you.
Louisiana moves intensive rain and water raids in Mississippi
In Louisiana, intense rain and widespread water raids were directed to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected by Saturday.
National Air Durability Services reported that there are numerous rivers in the northeast of Louisiana and in the south of Mississippi, and the danger of widespread water pressure after intense rain flow.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said state officials had repeatedly contacted local officials and that support for the affected neighbourhoods is on track.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Valley Yurt Internal Security and Act Durability Preparation Office, said there were requests for high water vehicles, monopolies and orders.
Steele said he had been demanding tonnes of siperation for only Tangipahoa Mahallesi.
Until Saturday, most of the southern Louisiana will be applied for a water raid.
The weather services said it could fall by an additional 3 to 5 inches in a baby.
In South Alabama, there was a water raid on Saturday, when rain continues in the Mobile area.
The Amite River near the Comite River and Denham Springs near the Baton Rouge, both in Louisiana, is expected to reach record levels during the week.
The Tahminci Alek Krautmann said both rivers could leave many houses under the suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that the flow of water pressure on the Ascension Mahallesi, which is also sluggish to Maurepas Lake, is a threat.
The Tickfaw River, which is just south of the Mississippi county border in Louisiana, was already reached at the bottom, measured at 9 in the morning.
Rescue teams continue to save people from water raids in Amite and Wilkinson accidents southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and üvey son were among those saved near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford (62) said water from the Beaver Association, which is 400 fit away from his home, was rapidly rising in the night.
Another native son, who was sitting in the nearby, said he had warned him.
"We were drugs and continued to come water," Hansford said.
It was so far.
It was the highest level that he saw in the association for 48 years, where he lived here to Hansford, he said.
Hansford said he and family individuals were disabled and that he was the only person to face.
Hansford said the emergency employees had been saving three of them with a large, military style and took to the firefighting station in Gloster, where they were sheltered on Friday.
Krautmann said the water pressures were "rapidly spreading" and that authorities are considering a evacuation order.
Krautmann said a monument near Livingston reported that there were 13.75 inches rain from midnight until Friday morning.
Krautmann said that since Wednesday, the zemy has been at high level.
The streets, which are under intense rains and water pressure, had the need to save the residents of Tangipahoa Mahallesi and the vacation of schools in five school areas, he said.
CBS employer WWL reported that a woman municipal council member in Tangipahoa said 200 houses were under water pressure.
Sakinler was evacuated and taken to two churches, but these are currently under water dominance.
Mahalle Sorumlu Robby Miller said authorities had saved 72 people and seven domestic animals stranded due to the rising waters.
The shelters were opened for people evacuated in the town of Amite and in the city of Hammond.
"When the sales began to withdraw, they will be allowed to return home," he said.
In Hammond, the Tangipahoa Mahallesson, almost two dozen streets were closed due to rising waters and were presented to the site to be taken by residents who tried to keep water from home and businesses.
"It was the latest major water pressure we live in March," said City administrative chief Lacy Landrum.
That would like to be a similar incident.
In Mississippi, Harrison Kazakh Acil Durum Managing Director Rupert Lacy said the rain is continuing in a stable way.
He reported on Tuesday that there were no water pressures in a few homes, but had no statement so far for Friday.
Keith Townson, managing director of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in this region for 40 years.
"I saw that there was water in places where I had never seen water before," he added, "and there are still rain."
Mahaj Brown, 6, a "Brotherhood," was survived by Philadelphia attack
Police said the age of 6 was shot in Philadelphia at the age of 6, which is the second incident in the city that a child was hit at the age of 6 this week.
For CBS Philadelphia, Mahaj Brown identified his size and size.
Brown's grandfather and his grandfather, Brown, said that there were multiple firearms injuries in areas including the deliberate region, blend, kol and card, but he was in place when he was brought to hospital.
His grandmother, Delores Melendez, said that the station "has suffered a lot of painful, shrinking skiing," he said.
I cannot believe it.
His son was listed among those who protested the critical situation at the hospital and went through some surgeries.
The family, he said, was expected to improve him.
The local elementary school would start first grade.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown area.
The two men were also hit by two men at the age of 29.
CBS Philadelphia said that one of the 29-year-old men was critical, but the situation of the other two victims was stabbed.
He reported that the child was shot in the front of a car, along with one of the 29-year-old men who are critical of the situation.
The other two victims were not in the car and are investigating whether one of the police injuries was aggressive.
Detectives said multiple armed attacks could have been fired in CBS Philadelphia.
The incident was filled by bullets in the gun style of an attack on different attack weapons.
It was absolutely a lasting conflict, according to the outlook.
There were chrones on both sides of the Caddede and lifting.
That shows that there are multiple armed attacks, and both were active, "Philadelphia Commissioner Anthony Ginaldi said.
Several houses and vehicles in the region were also damaged.
No arrests were made, and police reportedly examined security cameras.
Yet a girl, who was 6 years old, was shot in front of his house when he played a game in front of his home in the West Oak neighbourhood on Tuesday.
In the process of improvement, and police are still looking for a suspect.
The reason not to need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
I had this name for the Women's Olympic Jimnastics Team this year, and there are multiple reasons.
First, I have participated in the entire Summer Olympics since 1984, and the United States has never been so dominant.
Second: This team has three gymnastics who are inspiring to many girls with different ethnicity: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez.
This ecological structure, brought together by Jewish Aly Raisman and Catholic Madison Kocian, is proud of everyone.
The team is taking a similar outlook to America at the end.
At the same time, it is strengthening the presence of black and Latin origin in the high levels of this sport.
In the past four years, the first female gymnast was an American of African origin.
Last year, Simone and Gabby had 1 and 2nd rankings.
This is a strong thing.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic championship, and America supported him.
Now that all the world's three World Championships, Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, will be unexpected, but can be shaken by extraordinary performances of gymnastics routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth American to win a gold medal in the overall assessment of women.
And team friend Aly Raisman won the silver medal.
We recognise the best time of this sport, but the situation in the country's gymnastics courses does not seem to do so.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie followed suit with Aly and Madison to be part of the Olympic teams.
For the next Olympic gymnastics team, it will be only four gymnastics, and this is the last year that Marta Karolyi will train.
However, in reality, a highly expensive sport and gymnastics are primarily employed at private gymnastics clubs, where parents pay for education, travel, forma, competition, hotel fees (for trains, gymnastics and families) and many more salaries.
Most of these gymnastics clubs will be able to promote these businesses, they are in the wealthy suburban neighbourhoods.
These clubs require a costly and long-term commitment for the families of gymnasts and the families of gymnastics.
Maggie Haney, the coach of Simone Biles, and the comedy Maggie Haney of Laurie Hernandez, have been instructed since the day they started in gymnastics.
For numerous young girls affected by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, we will not offer more reasonable prices and access to accessible gymnastics.
I founded my own gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In our agencies, we presented more than 15,000 young people in the city (primarily black and Hispanic) for free and low-cost gymnastics, and we have made coaches to both national and international champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (up to Detroit) to provide quality gymnastics training to young people who deserve this wonderful Olympic sport and deserve the opportunity to benefit from that.
Jimnastics, vücudun forces, flexibility and coordination, and mentally tight work, disciplinary and commitment features.
This combination offers long-term advantages for health, school and business success.
It will be inspiration for this team, which will be directed by thousands of young daughters, and that is a wonderful thing.
Participation in sports activities is very important, especially for girls.
We are going through exciting times.
Simone is thanks to Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison to make the gold medal as a Olympic team, making it clear that "the Red Cross" clearly demonstrates the young daughter, a healthy, strong and successful young woman with different land plans.
After Jeremy Hunt rejected the offer, the rebels decided to continue strikes
The ministers hoped the dispute would end after the agreement was reached on a contract developed with British Tabips Union officials, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 rebels participating in the vote voted against it.
In July, Mr. Hunt announced plans to impose sanctions on the contract, expressing that the NHS "is not the property" and that further delays would harm personnel and patients.
The first assault group was passed on a new contract, which includes changes in their night and weekend work practices, in order to improve care outside normal hours.
Dr Ellen McCourt, head of the BMA's Doctors committee, said: "Asistan still has serious concerns about the proposed contract; especially, they think it will trigger the current business force crisis and do not have an equal position to all doctors."
The first doctor group's adoption of the new contract requires progress in the process only eight weeks, and it is time to be made.
The efforts by the BMA to address the dispute have met with the government's reluctance to establish the effects, and in some cases a lack of healthy silence.
This is a development seen despite the promise that Jeremy Hunt will always be open to the door last month.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act immediately, lifting sanctions and make the assault on the worries of doctors."
Doctors of Asistan have clearly expressed their readiness to boost business slowdown if it fails to do so.
In the last strike at the end of April, almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 rankings have been delayed, nurses and consultants had to look at the strike on the strike line.
The ministers hoped the dispute would end after the agreement was reached on a contract developed with British Tabips Union officials.
The BMA wants to improve the weekend fees for a contract of 54,000 rebels.
Daniel Mortimer, executive board director of NHS Employers, urged the rebels not to implement any strikes.
Mr. Mortimer said: "The strike would not solve anything but it would have pressure on the team and services that are intense, and why it would be a concern, disturbing and shortage for diseases, recipients and families."
Over the past two months, we have continued our talks with the Asistan Doctors Committee, and with the Ministry of Health and other officials, we are positively approached by the Observation Office and the Expansion.
Employers are hopeful that the continuation of positive communication in terms of distribution, educational flexibility, education costs, education costs, educational reasons for the curriculum, and compatibility of the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May were a signal that the British Medical Education and Health Ministry had been taken seriously.
Pharmaceuticals, who will be able to eliminate heart attack with 2 consecutive goods
Several thousand heart attack patients will be able to benefit from the cost of 2 titles per day after the authorities proposed that more people be given more people.
The trade, which prevents them, is reducing the risk of crisis that is repeated for people who have heart relief.
He was given for 12 months that followed the heart attack and reduced the risk of philosophy or another crisis.
NHS monitors, NICE, have proposed that it be given to people for four years to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now NHS monitors, NICE, have proposed that it be given to people for four years to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Around 140,000 people in the UK each year spend a heart attack, and a quarter of them spend another crisis or philosophy.
The cause of heart crises and envoys is a beach in the arter walls by beating oil materials.
If the abolition is fragmented, this could lead to a heart attack by preventing the blood pump and obstruct the right to the heart.
And it is philosophy when it comes to blood flows and obstruct brane blood flow.
The risk of a crisis that had previously spent a crisis is the risk of another crisis.
Ticaglor, created by the United Kingdom firm AstraZeneca with the Brilique commercial name, reduced the possibility of poultry, reducing this risk.
The draft NICE guide, published today, proposes that people be given 90 mg tickets for 12 months, and later in 60 mg implementation, along with the two times a day for three years.
Professor Carole Longson, who is managing director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said: "In spite of the effective residential prevention treatments, a quarter of those who spend a heart attack are another heart attack or paralysis, and often the consequences of them are devastating."
The fear of remembering can have a negative impact on the quality of life.
Deliller shows that the use of trade with the assault is effective in cutting a heart attack and philosophy risk in people who have previously spent a heart attack.
With the temporary suggestion of trade, we are pleased to increase the treatment options presented to thousands of people waiting to take advantage of that.
More than three years of information about the effects and security of trade -- especially the risk of cannabis -- the guiding draft is not available for treatment after this period.
PC culture boosts voting fraud in Muslim regions
Former Tower Hamwing mayor Lutfur Rahman takes office due to corruption after government report last year
As the devastating government report presented today, the political confirmation of political confirmation has caused broad voting fraud in Muslim communities.
Former Cabinet Minister Sör Eric Pickles writes police, election monitors and the municipal palace because of the ignorance of evidence of election abuse because of the "extreme sensitivity of ethnicity and religion."
The former community secretary and the anti-corruption gang of today must be allowed to pull out of the voting cabinet to protect voters in a bad level, in such a poor level of intimidation with religious grounds.
Voters proposed their identities to prove their identities when they voted.
In the present case, the name and the name of the selection is enough.
The report also proposes that the money will be extended to the park during a vote of voting for the prevention of voting for two times.
Sör Eric said those who are in neglect need to be preserved better.
He called for better access to the media on the decisions of council houses and unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is not only to ensure protection against fraud, but also to protect the local government from the corruption and financial fraud culture, which will be addressed at the same time," he said.
The report was drafted with the instructions of Downing Street after the vote scandal in East London.
Last year, a special election court decided to take the post of mayor Lutfur Rahman after the repeated corruption and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman used the religious feelings of the Muslim community "inhabited" and that he sued him with racism and Islamofobi charges.
Rahman's "campaign is based on the basis that the Muslims who belonged to him are a religious duty to vote for him," he said.
Up to 300 games were suspects or the result of the use of false ID cards, or the head of the capital.
Mr. Eric said there was evidence that fraud was made throughout the country.
He warned against corruption, particularly in postal, and allegedly pressured that the elderly individuals of the Muslim community were pressured to vote on the island.
Steur Eric has made some proposals to regulate the voting system, which also includes ID cards to prove that people are.
"There were evidence that some ethnic minority communities are being pressured to vote in accordance with the will of the people of Pakistan and Bangladesh, especially in the people of Pakistan and Bangladesh, especially for women and young people.
"There was worries that the state institutions have ignored such behaviour due to the" political confirmation "based on the ethnic village and the extreme sensitivity of religion."
He made 50 proposals for the regulation of the system, including the possession of the postal and the disability of political activists to be processed in an effort to "vote."
The report, examined by Theresa May, also calls for tightening registration checks to prevent the election registration to be used for immigration and social assistance corruption.
It is in mind the option of a requirement for the electorate to make ID cards before they vote.
In order to prevent any person to vote for two times, it will be permanently contracted to the parks of the person.
It will conduct systematic checks on the nationality of the person to determine inappropriate.
The demands for the vote to vote with the automatic postal are three years of limitations.
It is prohibited by political campaigners and activists who have been sent with the complete postcard, and to processing the losses of votes sent with postal.
Police are authorised to pull the vote into the surroundings.
As part of the 1983 People's Appeal Code, it is changing the blood for easing people of piracy.
Lack of photographs in the voting cabinet is to be deported.
There is a condition for only English speakers in the voting cabinet (in the Galler).
Personnel is strengthening the education of voters to sanction the rule of the cabinet.
Sör Eric criticised the Police Service, saying that no charges were made in the Tower Hamwing case, saying it was "interesting."
"The election court ruled that it is not involved in charges of corruption and illegal activities repeated for Lutfur Rahman and his representative," he said.
In a series of grounds, he was found guilty of reasonable scepticism -- the quality of criminal evidence.
At the same time, he criticised the municipal palace of "celebrating signs of celebration," which is not effective in electoral registration departments.
Sör Eric said: "The court ruling last year of Tower Hamwing was a warning alarm.
Even though our nation has pride to create the memory of the parliaments, it could cause the spread of worrying and confidential election corruption, and that the good reputation of this good reputation could be damaged.
Kate is the cyclist like a cyclist and a deli for the other famous similarities of Rio Olympic Players
This week, the Rio 2016 Olympiad returned to a fraction for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who proven impressive gasoline to the Cambridge Mountain.
However, the 24-year-old Olympic athlete is not the only athlete to pay for celebrities while fighting for gold this summer, but the social media is at least.
For this reason, the FEMAIL has prepared the list of Olympic athletes, which are similar to the acquisition of all the famous sites that we have seen in our Rio Games and screens.
Avci and kurt: The US Men's Okcular Team member, Brady Ellison (left), has been compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood
In addition to the similarities in Kate's cycling pistol, many in the online environment showed that a reader could be unique to Leonardo DiCaprio.
Brady Ellison, a member of the US Men's Okcular Team, rocked Twitter after the photos showcased the similarities of the Para Avci film.
And he also admitted that he had been told to Leo since his childhood, who noticed this madness in social media.
Brady told the Huffington Post: 'I do not think that there is a very big similarity in my patient and calm.'
This is a burgeoning man, so I think this is a principle. '
There is another similarity, which is one of the most popular comparisons in London 2012, and is undoubtedly this year: The popular actor of the British long jump athlete Greg Rutherford is incredible unique to Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina has been said to be a bias like the great and meaningful minister and American artist Gloria Estefan of Cuba.
And in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been similar to Glee's star Matthew Morrison for years.
Change: This user says Nathan is a 'athletic version' of the Baslantic film star
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett have been comparable to each other for a long time due to the similarities of ugly and wall.
The silver medal swimmer of the Russian team says the two fans with actress Annalynne McCord, with the same bronze cills and skaters, say 'Joseph Gorgon Levitt' athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.
Sert women: Football star Hope Solo (left) and Dexter star Jennifer Carpenter (right) have a similar hundred sugar and eyes
Not Yalniz: A Twitter users are very pleased that other people have noticed this similarity
A theme in the airline: This user thinks that this couple could be a reason behind a similar outlook
A Twitter users said that "the rest of the internet is to think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are like the two."
Indeed, the actress who plays in the US football star and Dexter has similar hundred shapes and eyes.
Among other popular comparisons, Kerri Walsh-Jennings and actress Laura Linney are almost the same gentle with another gold medalist, Gabby Douglas and the star of the Youth Adii film, Gabrielle Union.
CBC Olympic spikes apologise to comment on what Chinese swimmer dies like swine
Ai Yanhan, 14, of Byron MacDonald's 4x200m free race, was very outraged by CBC to follow Wednesday's live Olympic publication
The Canadian broadcaster CBC was forced to apologise for his comments that one of the spikers, the 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer, had been walking like a 'bad cocaine' and that he had died in the race.
Spiker Byron MacDonald thought the microfony was closed when women began their own ideas in the final of the 4x200m free flag race.
MacDonald, who was included in the CBC spiker team, said he had been palpled. 'The 14-year-old small Chinese heavyweights, my baby'.
The Fazla was excited, he went to write like a bad cocaine and died like a pork.
For that, they are grateful.
China Swimmer Ai Yanhan (14) finds the second leg of the flat race for 1: 57.79, allowing Canadian Taylor Rack to close the difference between China and China.
Canadian viewers move rapidly after being shouted due to tonnes and language used
Emmett Macfarlane said: "Who said that the 14-year-old swimmer, at least before the CBC spikes, had been killed in a tweet?
He was not aware that he is still in the spread. '
Chinese Ai Yanhan is currently defined in the 4 x 200m Free Day Contest: 'The 14-year-old small Chinese heavyweights, my baby.'
The criticism of Byron MacDonald in Twitter has been published in a very tough and rapid way, and many of them have neglected itself
Twitter users fail to keep themselves when Byron Macdonald heard how unwalked
Another Twitter users, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Vay # ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada, and you are why all of us seem to appear like racist.
Shortly afterwards, Scott Russel, who runs the CBC, apologised to MacDonald's comment. "We apologise to comment on the spread of the Swimming race. '
These were really unfortunate, I am sorry for such an incident. '
CBC had to apologise at least 90 times from people who had tweets in response to comment
Scott Russel, a other spiker, was forced to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC later reduces this apology to more than 90 Twitter users who had filed complaints about MacDonald's comments.
The network issued a statement rapidly apologising.
We would like to express our sincere pump regarding the spread of these statements.
We apologised in the evening, the spread of our viewers, in the social media, in a rapidly apology.
We would like to say that Byron's comments were related to the performance, not the personality of the swimmer.
At the same time, they were very inappropriate and unfortunate, and Byron is very sad from their rhetoric.
On Thursday afternoon, he apologised in the MacDonald spread and attempted to defend his remarks, saying he did not want to be in a personal attack.
"I want to apologise for a comment that I did after the holiday race of the CBC evening in the Olympic publication of the CBC," he said.
I was referring to his performance, not the personality of the person. '
I have no need for words, I did not want to respect and I am very sad. '
Primark customer is angry at the fate of the store in the middle of the store.
The customers did not know what he would do when he made their clothes to try the culture in the middle of a woman Primark.
Even worse, the woman was looking at how it appeared in itself, and was rerafted.
The minister continued to have continued, and four couples in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone have tried for four couples.
Primark store at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried to reshelve the culture.
Jenny Davidson, a mother of two children who was in the store at the time, said the mysterious woman had been recling 'after trying the internal chamextreme, and that he was out of the store without taking anything.
He said: 'People did not believe in their eyes.'
The cave stood at the middle of the middle, and took a culture from his vitro, taking a culture chord and a pantoll.
He did not try to seek a special place to do that, but it was obvious with all contempt. '
When he took the culture, everybody was looking at him, and it was understood that the culture was not beaten. '
They tried three more surveillance until they decided not to bear anything, and later went out of the store.
They seemed not in the hope of those who watched him, and it was not thinking of the people who tried to buy it later. '
Bayan Davidson (33), who lives in the town of Kent, said: 'How much is it to think that someone is clothing, an uncleared culture, and will go home.'
That incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Bayan Davidson added: 'I think Personelin took the clothes after that appearance and this is a good situation.'
When I went to a new culture and go home, it would really be very bad to think that the head of the culture was clothing and that he came to me without the destruction. "
A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark was reported on Tuesday (August 9th) of the incident at the store in Folkestone.
The relevant product has been removed from sale.
How can you protect us against the armed attacks with Krav Maga
The foreign world is quite dangerous, but this video, presented by Dailymail.com, could help you have more confidence.
We talked with Rhon Mizrachi, the chief master of the New York-based Krav Maga Federation to learn how to be led by armed robberies.
Whatever you want to be approached, this video will show that you can turn the situation against the robbery.
When you were approached to you, Mizrachi says, the first artificial need was to return and see the attacker, and that we are evacuating the fire line.
Later, you will hit the gun between your predecessor and your shoulder, and you will hit the face.
Once again, the aggression of the attack will be doubled, and in this stage, you will get the weapon, and we will be able to hit the face of the weapon with the prayer of the weapon, which will remain at the bottom of the gun.
When the armed person approached, it is a similar technical practice; you turn your cell from the fire line, and that the weapon and attack will not be able to fire.
At the same time, you shouldn't get a weapon from the burden area, transporting the gunman from the burden area and confirm the weapon and confirm the weapon.
Is it getting a bit?
It is eye to the video to see how Mizrachi is doing it.
However, not forgotten; you are not a Krav Maga veteran, and if you are not a Krav Maga veteran, it will be to give up the safest road park to avoid each robbery.
Gezgin Ian Wright has taken his language to the most pest places in Europe
The British travelling spent some of the most pest and guidance places in Europe and spent a serious test of the donation system and afternoon welfare.
The Sunucu and tour writer, Suffolklu Ian Wright (51), was a Euro banknote, a Piccadily Sirki climb to prove the strength of the donation system, a train toilet and a memorial phenomenon in Russia.
Before not alone, he used a death to show him and what kind of work it has done.
But the experiment, which will be transformed into a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, gave some surprising results.
Although it is very enthusiastic, there is a lot of bad care in the kitchen, although it is very enthusiastic about the wedding of a train used by thousands of people.
During his trip in Europe, Bay Wright met with doctors and medical experts in connection with the increase and health of mide ministers.
He did not have an impact on the bad tat, which he was not alone.
Bay Wright was recognised when he travelled the world and tested the solidarity of the tuition and wonderful things.
In a wide range of articles from general climbers in train stations, this task is definitely testing the donation system
"I don't have a lot of attention to my health since my child, and I have put a lot of things from the territory, the solicitor and the stamp. '"
At the time of the film, it clearly provoked the cause of this unit.
The only thing he said was a pis hope in Russia.
The sale of the product showed the death of more than 4000 units.
By comparison, the number must be below 60 of the new devastating hands.
However, the new demolished hands were a Russian umbrella, a Russian umbrella who refused to lie when it comes to more than 4000 units.
The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, which shows the number of maintenance in different places like the bank of Bay Wright and Fin milk products, took the producer of the trip
He said: 'This is close to one of the worst things I cocaine in a tuition.'
There can be nothing more pone than that!
I will not lie anything than that.
The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was prepared together with Fin milk products producer Valio.
The company provided Valio Gefilus, which includes C and D vitamines, which helps Bay Wright, as well as the C and D vitamines that helped strengthen the mide maintenance and donation system.
Niko Vuorenmaa, Senior Vice-President of Valio's Attorts, Shearts and New Kategories Department, said: "We wanted to offer consumers really something new.
Whether it is impressive and will also explain the benefits of probiotics.
In the end, we did a lot of fragile brain storms, where the idea of "Let Ian" emerges.
In Mide health, they claim the interest in health has become a global phenomenon
Instead of talking about products, we wanted to put the products a much bigger context; everyday is good and bad care in the environment, the importance of its health and the connection with the donation system.
The interest on health care is a global phenomenon, and we would be able to give consumers more information about this situation in connection with this situation.
At the same time, I think it shows that we have a great mizah understanding of the film!
Tom Hakala, who runs the film, added: "I can say so; I would have lost my respect against him if I wanted some things I wanted to lie like the disgrentic Russian tuvalry that was shown in the film. '
Even though, some things were easy for Ian, but some were difficult.
I am happy that we have taken some of these pis alone. '
In a poll conducted by Valio in 2015, 84 percent of respondents associated their nickname assaults with the health of mortality, and 58 per cent said they used the products, which include nicknamed assault ministers, at least apart.
Maganda family to evacuate Saltash, Cornwall social residence ahead of evacuation
A maganda family damaged 50,000 euros in the social residence, where they were evacuated for their neighbours.
After many complaints in Tanya Skeldon and his wife Shaun Tabilcock, Saltash was taken from the residence in Cornwall.
When they were forced away from the country, housing association officials have been shouted by seeing the property was unrepair.
There were big delegations in the rounds, they were exploited, bumpers were exploded, pumps were stolen and walked to walls.
Family now has been removed from the residence and is thought to have benefited from private accommodation options
Donna McEvoy, managing director of Cornwall Housing, expressed fear that the situation could not be saved.
Kendisi said: 'This is really a cable for people here, and I think people should not have to live in this way.
There is much to attend, because this property will now be known as an unpleasant part of Cornwall.
This family has a bad shame, and the islands have a bad shock.
The family had three sons in the land, and according to police, the family has embraced many piracy behaviour in the street with a brazball sophisticate, preserving nearby inhabitants, drug use, drug sale and extreme context, debate and lift.
In June, he was granted antisocial behaviour for Skeldon (47), which was called in the Kira contract.
Old garbage found in many rooms of the house thought to be disbursed
In the past, the cost of drug selling has been removed from place
Neighbours say they see they are fighting in the street, and that police are frequently looking for.
Cornwall Housing evacuated him and his wife from the property this week after an extension of 11 weeks to move voluntarily.
The evacuation was greatly welcomed by neighbors, who said their lives were returning to the cable.
One person said: 'No one was in their hope.'
We have lived with them for 20 years and the situation has been evil.
If we say we have seen police here a few times, you cannot believe.
This morning, we failed. '
We have been respected because the average is very silent; we are not used to it!
They went to it, now everything will be great.
Adam Fitzpatrick, a neighborhood sanctions officer of Cornwall Housing, said the family did not co-operate with the local administration.
The family had been living in this house for 20 years, and the architect has often been called on police
Funds, former players have been taken to the side of the social residence.
He added: 'It is really embarrassing to take any responsibility for him and his family's release; the evacuation has always been an option that Cornwall Housing has applied.
It was a very difficult time when the lawsuits are extreme, and the actions were at the level of piracy that neighbours should not personally do.
I appreciate the efforts of community members who have been courted by the body, the Devon and Cornwall Police Forces and to information us.
I hope that this development will ensure some relief of neighbours and, as a message that it will not be tolerated in antisocial behaviour.
Bay Fitzpatrick said they were three sons in different times, but they were in their 20 years.
After the evacuation, a rented bed in one of the house's bed rooms
Conflicting employees will need to clean up the house surrounding the house
In 2014, police printed the property and found more than 70 grams of prisoners, screenings, private items and 1,700 shoppers.
Skeldon was fined after he accepted his crime on the possession of Border B drugs with the sale of the sale.
The money claimed that he would use a graduate stone for his son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After left homeless, Tanya and his wife were now understood at a special residence at Plymouth.
Most of the house was in the walls of the room.
Police say they will work to evacuate rents who violate rent rules
Devon and Cornwall Police Forces Angela Crow said the release was also a warning for other rents that continue to violate rules.
"This is a message for those who think they can act as they want to face any charges and that their behaviour will be evacuated," he said.
The Devon and Cornwall Police Forces, which will continue to work with partners to protect society, will never tolerate crime and antisocial behaviour.
Tourists in Portugal fallen immediately after the flow-fly military plane crossed the cold.
In Portugal, Aveiro, the updated tourists live the shock of their lives
Portuguese air force P-3C Orion flight from extremely aligned plane
Air forces said it was an educational flight but insisted that there was no security risk.
This is the moment that tourists began to panic through a jet full of jet.
In Dramatic footage, the military plane closes in almost contact with the sun in Aveiro, north of Portugal.
Concerns have been worried about the noise that the jet engines were created before what happens from the bullets to them.
The incident occurred in Costa Nova, near Aveiro, in the afternoon.
Daniel Fernandes, one of a few holidaymakers who shared the video of the Dramatic close flight on social media, said: 'The two times were really aligned and appeared to be hit at a point.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I was doing you and I am sworn, and I felt like I would have fallen to the plane.'
Tourists in Aveiro have fallen when the plane crashed out of the dark, when the plane started to fly in extremely low rival
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion plane was in the training flight to define the fishing boats in the field, and that it was to go through so that it is the only way to control them.
Due to the discovery from the power fire, he said the joy was slim because of the slim, but the air forces insisted that no one was endangered.
This summer, the spreading power fires destroyed certain sections on the Portuguese main card and caused four deaths in the island of Madeira.
Portuguese air forces said the pilot today needs to fly from the flows, due to the intensive allocation and dumph stemming from power fires.
Fak education was flight and was asked to identify fishing boats from pilot as part of the habit
Londrian girl who joined ISID killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British girls who left London to join the ISID last year, was reported to have died in Syria.
His lawyer, Tasnime Akunjee, said his family had received information about his death in Syria a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported on Thursday that he is thought to have died in a Russian air attack on the Rakka area where the group is strong in the country.
Sultana was 17, and died in a plan to flee the country, which was damaged by the war, and to return to Britain.
"We hope that this situation is really risky for others, and that it is really risky to go to war regions, and that people will break the courage to make this choice," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, two girls from Sultana and eastern London were building a plane to Turkey, and then a bus that went to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that he was married to a ISID fighter in Syria and was staying in several months.
Reid said he would not give up Garland as a High Court candidate if Clinton was elected
The Senate Democrats Lideri Harry Reid said he believes the Democrats will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the High Court if Hillary Clinton is elected president.
Republishers in the Senate have been to block the ratification process of Garland since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
Mitch McConnell, leader of the Senate, said the new president would elect the person who will replace former High Court Judge Antonin Scalia.
Speaking on Thursday, Reid said he believed Clinton would choose Garland and "was the reasons for this."
Later on behalf of Reid, a spokesman said he did not speak directly with Clinton on whether he would nominate Garland.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team did not want to "disrupt the current situation" by a new election.
Garland is the chief judge of the US Appeals Court of Columbia County.
Reid said he was "aired by the Republican president Donald Trump, which prevented Garland's nomination," and "the recipients" of the Republican president, Donald Trump.
Trump said it was not appropriate for the post.
Treats said 'as well as for women as they are for men,' it favours a tight timetable
Treats magazine is working with photographer David Bellemere to publish a timetable for 2017 to publish an inspiration from Pirelli of the 1970s.
Instead of famous and beautiful people, however, they are working to find new generation ball models for the 2017 NU Ilham Performers calendar.
The head of Treats, Steve Shaw, said this magazine, which was high in the early this year, was different from the old Playboy, because "Playboy was for men."
I do it for women.
Perhaps it believes the timetable is such.
"Like the men, we need to return to show the classic default, which is not the model for women to look at this footage as a source of inspiration to these footage," Shaw said in a press release on the timetable.
Women will want to be part of this project, as it is a beautiful art escape.
Modeller can send photos online or participate in open talks in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinil target: Why are the beach purchases?
The middle-age is boarded with the men's vineyards.
It is allowed to say that this baby is based on real data before they go to the comment department, which will be available for magnificent insults under our TumYalnizOrtaqylylylyleevalil rumours.
According to YouGov, the recycling of plates, too spring, is a consequence of the middle age of the middle-age, not the scepticism of a physical generation that was created by a physical generation.
Recently, the purchases of vinil album are mostly between 45 and 54 years old.
At the same time, the 18-24 age group is the lowest.
At the same time, it is not just an emotional act; it has an emotional significance; the elderly vinil buyers usually enjoy their sentiment (56% and 53%), who are enjoying their sentiment. (69% and 66%).
Is the results of YouGov true?
If this blog was a televised news, he was in a crowded street of camera Soho, when a modest grandfather was in place with a number of elbise, a lot of jest exhibitions before the stop, and after opening and opening my hands, he said: "Let's take a look at the time."
It is, then, an eye.
Soho's center is slowly growing, and the buildings, which once lost the usual pool, are now a few specialised beaches, including hotels, Eats, Prets and Paperchases).
Probably I would like to stop the camera for the next part; I tried to learn about the lives and emotional situations through the monitoring of different men in some of these stores.
Sister Ray (data count: Two young women, three middle-aged men (data counting) Reckless Records: The Glasgowlu Stuart (55), whose eight middle-aged men, possibly a woman in 20 years old, spend the afternoon for a meeting in London and look at the stores to fill the empty few hours.
I ask for a collection.
"I am my story," he says.
I have about 3000 or 4000 beaches.
These plates, which are officially involved in the official, sent them to e-mail, decorate the walls of the session of the sitting room, which did not follow him until home.
The reason for so many albums and single accounts is the result of a partially spent income; it can now be able to buy the money that the money is not enough, and can buy them back in their young and meat times.
"Most of the things I have been at the end of the 60s, I think I am very young to get, when I was 11 or 12 years old," he said.
Plak purchases are thought to be the most likely to be left, "he adds, adding:" I am drinking, I am very alcohol.
This is bad enthusiasm.
Wez (25), who works at Sister Ray, thinks most of the customers faced with the YouGov profile.
However, he also noticed that a new diver, affected by exaggerated advertisements in the media, would need to buy the old plates of those who heard that the model came back.
In the talks I have done, I understand that in 1998 or 1999, people were overhauling their collections.
Customers who sell their parents to buy CD now sell their CDs to get the plates back. "
This could explain the increase of people in a certain age that revived the vinili.
What is the emotional significance of the plates?
In a store like Phonica, it gets a few seconds to notice that beach stores offer a disturbing community of people in similar personality.
According to Wez, the big clients, in some age, have been forced into a particularly uncontacted payment system.
Some vinil pastures may want to refuse to the stability of our recognised beach capabilities, which have taken away from the digital world and remembered the young people of the recalm.
"Sometimes it may be to fill a vacuum or see material items as a kind of constant," he says.
I am in me that I am a collector, and I think it is in most people.
It is an easy way to fill this cafe.
"We will go to social services," a working friend who stormed from a beach.
In April, a poll found that 50% of the vinil albums had yet to listen to the album.
At the same time, the survey found that 41% have no use, and 7 per cent were buying vinil, even though they were not beaches.
At this stage of the report, I was probably a very worried outlook when they incorporated a series of bossa nova fees.
This recycle "reward" is an element in the Sounds of Universe (data census: Jonny (42), who works three middle-aged men).
"At the time, he came to me and said:" I don't have a bright stakes, but I want to get a Radiographer beach to put in our shelf, "he said.
If it does not represent this big face, it certainly reflects the current situation.
More products, less music.
There are people who say they say: "I have no bright stakes."
These are not the elderly, but the young people, who are at the end of their old age, are new entrants.
Now I see that the mass is quite changing when I reached Fopp, which is almost all strict for vinil.
In the age of 70, there are fares, photographs, young boys and middle-aged women.
It is good to see diversity among customers, even though the last part of the Atmosfer sooner (Wild Beast) is spreading at less dingin and hopefuls.
It is not particularly isolated, but it is hard to solve the psychological trauma, which is uncomfortable with a long time of 30 seconds.
Elanora (27) is travelling in Fopp, a few minutes, and eye the plates in the discount.
Instead of making Harcama, it was just to look at the vitrans.
He says he does not have the option to do the beach collection because it does not win too much.
It is very expensive.
It is easier to listen to music or in other shapes, but the beauty of the vinille... is moving away, like a loved one.
I don't know what I will explain, there is no really like.
The last stop is a store said to be inspiring to new generation vinil tutories: Urban Outfitters.
I am observing a group of young daughters who gathered at a time of Polaroid cameras before a father and daughter discuss the acquisition of a Crosley beach stones, as the Kot pantolls are studying.
Solda Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac have a wonderful vacuum with the plates; if there is no room for an average collection; it is a mix of modern and klore.
No one is looking for; perhaps, they are only in the way of decoration, some are so high that they will not be touched.
This is a completely "artistic vinil."
The wonder, however, may mean that the industry will be able to win more money and send less customers to Soho; there are no more issues that can complain.
It is not surprising to spend more money on more luxury items, such as the vinil of a demographic group that has more money and price hikes.
However, my findings show that YouGov's results are right at least in the Soho beach stores; the number of women who are too much, in reality, beach stores or in online forums, does not take into account the boxes and vinil passions.
These people are probably working quite hard in schools or offices.
Those people were definitely travelling on Thursday evening at the beach stores in Berwick Street, examining the plates and escaping a 30-year-old fake television presenter, a 30-year-old fake television presenter via the shoulders of the middle-aged men.
Grönland dogs are the longest-lived omurgic animal - video news in the world
Scientists said the Grönland dogs had the longest life among the omurgalans in the tour.
Julius Nielsen, who works on the dogs, said the record is about five metres long, thought to be between 272 and 512 years.
French court rejects offer to demolish stores at Jungle refugee camp
A court in France rejected the offer by Calais officials to demolish scores of derailing stores and restaurants in the Jungle camp, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, Calais officials argued that a total of 72 deregulation stores, which the state sells more products from cigarettes to energy beverages, would be destroyed and 50 cents (40p) paid from basic foods in exchange for a month or a few euros.
Calais Valley argued that these places should be demolished because of an unpaid parallel economy, and that they are at risk of fire and hygiene.
Assassination groups said the court is vital to the store and restaurants, and that free food presented by state-sponsored enterprises and other groups was not enough for the increasing population in the camp.
The association argued that cracking stores and restaurants provided accommodation and free food for the frequent owners.
A court in Lille said that there is no legal basis for the expulsion of those who operated 72 components, but the concerns of Calais Valislar are "totally understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said the maintenance, cafes and restaurants have taken a much bigger role than only compromising people living in "very dangerous conditions."
These areas have provided comfortable meeting points for refugees and volunteers.
For the non-profit Jungle Children, one of the locations in danger of frustration, Kitap Kafe presents 200 items every day, gives English and French lessons, and there are recommendations for asylum in hundreds of wrestling refugees in the camp.
Over 170,000 people signed petitions to protect this café, which is for children.
In a letter sent to the Guardian, the closure process "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are eight years old."
Two animal institutions, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, forecast on Friday that the number of people in the Jungle camp was out of 9,000 (the highest number), after growing assets during the summer period.
After gold in Fiji veteran class, Britania tallied with silver medals at rugby yacht championship
The impressive progress in the Rugby 7 Championships of Great Britain ended after a 43-7 defeat at the Rio Deodoro Stadium on Thursday.
Fiji has given the concept of concepts, pas, subsidiaries, support, coaches and kas force to get the gold medal, the first Olympic medal from each column.
After the renovation, Britania received the third silver medal in the day as a non-bad facility, and New Zealand may now be proud of the efforts they show in the Olympic 7 opening tournament they defeated Argentina and South Africa.
At the beginning of the day, it could have found them in the final after the South African Team, where they defeated 7-5 in the semi-final.
But again, a Fiji, which is in such form, could even beat a 15-member team.
If not very faith, perhaps the Great Britain can find a golden medal, thinking that at least one Britanian will get the gold medal: Fiji's chief train, Ben Ryan, a British from Wimbledon.
This was a quite difficult journey for Great Britain.
Eight years ago, they lost every match at the Adelaide Yedili Championships when they worked with Ryan.
This time, they lost only one.
Even though this heat is a dream, progress is really shocking.
Fiji has made a greatly beginning, the players were searching on the way through the attempts to win the ball of Great Britain.
It was going to run between the Kaptan Tom Mitchell and his team, and the World Services championships scored 5-0 when it took action from the Osea Kolinisao corner.
In the fourth minute, Jerry Tuwai faced another count from the right wing.
The game was 12-0, and Great Britain did not touch almost more.
The wonderful intervention by Mitchell prevented Leone Nakarawa, such as mountain, but was only delaying the number of Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua made the right corner, and Great Britain fell 17-0.
When the first semi-finish was just one minute, Nakarawa came from the start and made a number one.
Later, Vatemo Ravouvou fled the line for the number, passing through a number of tough Great Britain interventions.
With that number, the sky reached 29-0.
With a team established to play in the Fiji 7 championship, Great Britain has yet to try to learn the foundations of the job.
The situation is lower.
Great Britain has made great changes between the revolution and closed the Fiji threshold; in full four minutes, this was a good development, and Josua Tuisova is on stage with the perfect Fiji game.
Dan Norton was found in a sea for Great Britain and tried to perform the sake of the leftist column for 36-7, but the play was at the hands of the South Sea Islands, which feared the flags and dancing the flags.
It was really difficult for Fiji's approach to the end of the start.
Maa Viliame also tempted the latest bread on the Fiji game, which is not needed to decorate in the last minutes.
When the burden stolen, the Nigerians began celebrations and kept the way for the robbery room for the Great Britain.
At the beginning of the day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in the semi-final, Great Britain was facing South Africa in a difficult semifinal match; Britain has put forward with a single count.
Kyle Brown has put forward the South African team in the first half, but Dan Norton has been put forward with a second half with the top cycle movements.
In the first 15 of the UK, Anthony's brother, Marcus Watson, won a victory and a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning set to triumph in glass, inspiring their trains from the fight against cancer
It will not be a more emotional gold medal in these games, and that carries an important meaning.
After 220 decreasing nefes until the end of the first move, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have noticed that it could be much more meaningful that they won underscored in Estonacio da Lagoa.
There were three voices in the boy, though they had three voices in the boat; the women were also burned by Robin Williams, who worked for a second gold Olympic medal in the UK as the first women to reach such a level in the United Kingdom this year.
The justices were quite clear; this was the 39th race of an unprecedented, innovation series.
If we see two wonderful athletes at the face of the daughter, the outlook does not fully reflect the quality of the victory.
It is a taboo that provides more moderate gains behind every rowing gold medal, and it was not enough for the trains, who do not know whether it will be able to live and live on this day when it was diagnosed with cancer 30 months ago.
As he said, they touched and went.
I was caught in the species that can be interfered with the surgery and made it.
If they do not do that, it goes everywhere.
It would be a bad situation.
This is slightly changing your realisation.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
Apart from the season, he was very lucky that he was able to start treatment at the beginning of 2014, but it is unknown to be a true testimony in such situations, but this way the dissolution can be minimal.
For that reason, I would not improve rapidly.
This was an incentives for me.
I was able to find a hospital and I said that not a few steps were enough, but in the spring, I walked up to 6, 9, 15 metres.
It started in this way.
It is a journey to attract, but this is a little more growth.
After the victory, the smart was in Williams, who spent a little more than every time to overcome his own concerns.
"I have been emotionally destroyed this week, perhaps a little bit of extreme, but it is very great," Stanning, who went to Afghanistan previously at the Royal Topics Union, said.
This is what the moment has come to me, and Helen, I, and Robin, are hit by a lot of work.
I spent a great three years with Helen and Robin.
If we were not Robin, I would not be the best train in the world, so I want to be the most grateful for the world.
I did not find a better person or a better train to work.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost race for five years.
The two have met a difficult ride that its rivals cannot reach.
Even the last 500 square metres that the new Zealand and Denmark teams closed, the power of Stanning and Glover has not yet been exhausted.
We brought ourselves to that main.
The Helen 'process was addressed to the process with isolation.
It is really important not to go.
We made a good start and we were not trying to do something incredible.
Today, we did not expect the explosion of the air fisheries, we just wanted to win the race, which we did, and we wanted to win the race.
The two will go to a year before deciding what to do in the future.
Glover has a wedding that needs to join next month; he and television adventure Steve Backshall.
For now, only this wants to enjoy that.
I did not want to say that this was my last race.
It would have created a lot of pressure.
I did not realise that I am a Olympic champion in London.
It was a lot of defeat and I was very strested.
It took about four minutes here.
This is a much better feeling. "
The Los Angeles Central Library is a chance to see a distinguished architecture
A meeting of the central Library in the City centre's history; the author of the book, Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee and the Architecture Historians / South Kaliforniya Region, said: "The Los Angeles Central Library: Art and Architecture History."
The 1926 Bertram Goodhue design of Gee and Schwartzman was scheduled to discuss and share the view of the screening by the 1993 restoration and Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
Salon will be open between 14.00 - 16.00 hours in Salle Moderne on 21 August at the Art Deco Gunthwest Law School (former name Bullocks Wilshire) in the 3050 Wilshire Bulvard.
Participants can tour the Central Salon, the Chamber of Deputies, the Kakders Chamber and the Cay Chamber.
Tickets need to be taken in advance: The crews will be $15 for SAH / SCC members and $25 for those who are not members.
An open industrial area in DTLA passes a hot transformation
How could the 90th anniversary of the Central Library of Los Angeles have been celebrated with another book?
Bulgaria Announces First Define Inflation Changes
According to national statistics, monthly inflation in Bulgaria stood at 1% in June.
This has been the highest value since June 2012, but it has been the first to be seen on the liquidity since October, after a positive rate of 0.2% last year.
The average annual inflation, measured by the CPI for the past 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), was 0.8% compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0% compared with June 2016, and monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year, the inflation rate (July 2016 and December 2015 comparison) was 0.2%, and the monthly inflation difference between July 2016 and July 2015 was 0.2%.
When compared with the previous month in July 2016, the price hike was observed in the humiliation groups: Good and alcohol (1.7%), transport (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), magical goods and services (0.3%).
Good and shoes (2.2%), furniture, house equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%) and health (0.1%) groups fell.
They will be drinking and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; prices in telecommunications and education groups remained at the same level.
Snapchat "Anime" Efekti, Compared to Asian Caricaturism
Snapchat said it was inspired by animals for this fleet, but some observers say it is racial.
Snapchat has been able to change the reality of around 150 million users every day with his mercek tool and can play with the absorption levels of subscription.
You can turn us into a character with a ananasa, a corner or a Roy Lichtenstein paint.
Mercekler is the pervasive, characteristic tools that have developed more than 30 million people every day.
The steps that have been taken are rapidly crashed into the week of the truck.
Snapchat enthusiasts faced charges in the past that the practice has supported black classification or as a beauty ideali of beautiful cilt tones.
For this reason, some critics have criticised the company that it is a "Asian mask," which has become a distinct, overwhelmingly worried and shoulder.
And they wondered whether the repeated conflicts are pointing to a bigger question about the diversity of the company.
The reports and outrage spread on Wednesday with the reports of The Verge and Motherboard and announced it was lifting Snapchat feature a day later.
The company issued a statement: Mercek was prepared not for the disabled of the Asians, but to the injury of the memorial characters.
However, for observers who have a racism experience, this mercle reminded stereotypes from the actress.
Other people have generally rejected the comparison to the memorial.
Grace Sparapani, an American art student from Korea, and a tweet, written about the photos, said it was "painful and disturbing" with a e-mail.
"He added that the debate is difficult when it comes to the impression of the influx of bad Asian caricatures and the effects of the fleet.
This shows that the fleet is not only a Asian mask, but also a humiliating Asian mask.
Snapchat is not the only company that exceeds cultural trigger mechanisms.
The American culture is seen in a smooth conflict of diversity and coverage in many areas by the institutions of the institutions, to Hollywood and the devices of all of us.
And as Snapchat addresses, it could be interpreted as a higher level of sensitivity, with a wide range of young people who are more than other opponents.
In an interview Thursday, Katie Zhu, 25, said that when one of Snapchat was a small downturn for a user, "it is much more difficult for such movements to be noticed like before."
On Thursday, Bayan Zhu, a product manager and engineer who worked for Medium, decided to write the Snapchat account and has made calls for everyone.
In an interview for Medium, in an interview with the phone, he said he believed the clashes with the arm reflected shortcomings on the diversity of work in Snapchat.
Bayan Zhu criticises the company's leading team, which consists of white men, terminating its article with a east: # SnapchatiSilin.
Bayan Zhu, an American of Chinese origin, said: "They can give such decisions because different races do not have enough diversity, or if they are working there, they don't feel safe or comfortable that they can speak themselves."
Other observers share their views on this complaint that Snapchat was largely unanswered.
The company does not share the numbers of diversity among its staff, emphasising the private company situation.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to share the racial origins, but according to a spokesman, the company has been involved in an effort to focus on its efforts to focus on populations that are not adequately represented, and to increase their work.
Bayan Zhu said that in terms of his own, he would keep the Snapchat account closed, adding that "I wonder whether it needs more users like us that can say that this is not true."
Congress Paneli Says Military Officers Say ISID Employment
In a report published on Thursday, a congressional panic reported that the US Centre for United States Command officials had been collecting intelligence reports to paint a more optimistic picture than events on the war against Islamic Devleti in Iraq and Syria.
A report by the Palace Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Republican Council of Defense Alt Committee found that the American forces had changed the evaluation of the Islamic Devleti, and said it was "widespread dissatisfaction."
The Centre, known as Centcom, is a military headquarters that oversees the operations of American military operations in Tampa, Fla., and in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The intelligence results approved by Senior Centcom leaders have a more positive picture than the fact that the reality on the effort to prevent terrorism in the field of terrorism, and constantly offers more positive results than the analysis posed by other elements of the intelligence community," the report said.
"Those who are in Centcom are unacceptable; our fighter units are tightened when it is offered bad analysis to senior decision-makers," said Kalifornian Republican Representative Ken Calvert.
The leadership failures in Centcom have reached the highest levels of the company.
The 10page report also provided details of the Centre Command's statement and analysis of America's efforts to train Iraqi forces, but also details of permanent problems in 2014 and 2015.
Until all, there is no exact evidence that the officials of the senior Obama administration have been ordered to change reports, but also that analysts are feeling pressure from Centcom leaders to offer a more optimistic view of the threat created by the Islamic Devleti, known as ISID and DAEAS.
"In the first half of 2015, many Centre neighbors, babies and congressional statements were considerably more positive than de facto events," the report said.
For example, a Centcom official said a large military attack could be done in an early period until April or May 2015, in order to recruit the truck.
Musul, the second largest city in Iraq, is still controlled by Islamic Devleti.
"After months of research, this husband is quite clear," Kansas's Republican Representative Mike Pompeo said.
The highest-ranking intelligence leaders of the Center for the United States of America from mid-2014 until mid-2015 have manipulated the intelligence results of the command, as the threat posed by ISID in Iraq is unimportant.
Republican has created a working arm after analysts learned about the concerns that the intelligence of the Islamic State was manipulated.
As the orders continue, the report, published on Thursday, will follow much more comprehensive findings.
There is also a review of another Centcom intelligence review, which is being conducted by the Ministry of Defence general inspector.
Democratic members of the Saray Intelligence Committee have also published their own findings, which joined some results of the Republican working branch on Thursday.
Adam B. Schiff, the Democratic president of the committee, said in a statement that "between 2014 and 2015, Centcom has created a very narrow process in intelligence assessments about the Centcom, DAEAS and the Iraqi Security Forces."
According to Bay Schiff, the process "has delayed the release of the intelligence results," which led to the moral disruption of analysts, and "has not been enough for the opposite opinions."
Bay Schiff and Democrats, however, have indicated that the White House has not reached a findings that the Centcom analysts have put pressure on the "previously set or political detail" to comply.
The preliminary results of the Congress review were announced by the Daily Beast on Tuesday.
Last August, the New York Times reported that the general review of a Pentagon inspector, which opened after complaints by Centcom analysts, was present.
The Senior Commander, Patrick Evans, said that as a Pentagon spokesman, he would not comment on the congressional report of the Ministry of Defence in the process, which the general inspector continues.
However, he said, "experts will be able to disagree on the interpretation of complex data in some cases, and that the intelligence community and the Ministry of Defence support healthy dialogue on these important national security considerations."
The research will add a fire beyond the problem that the US-led bombing operation in Iraq and Syria does not continue, and it is a argument that has been uncovered by more defence officials every day.
However, the charges last year uncovered whether President Obama can trust the Centre Command for honest assessments of military operations at Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
Criticism about the reflection of the Islamic Devleti intelligence has started when Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker began a machine in Iraq, arguing that the President George W. Bush administration has had a small force in Iraq, despite a lot of analysts, and that he did not think about the occupation of the 2003 occupation, and has been debated for more than a decade.
Bay Hooker also played an important role in the riots on Islamic Devleti intelligence.
According to officials, Bay Hooker's team had built temporary refineries against the refineries in the hands of Islamic Devleti, despite public statements last year, and concluded that the terrorist group had not significantly influenced the financial resources of the terrorist group.
However, as The Times made in September, this finding Centre has not gone out of the Command.
The timing of Centcom's time, General Lloyd J. Austin III, has been criticised last year because the Senate's statement was seen as a very positive assessment of the war by many laws.
General Austin was retired in April, and the person who replaced the Centre Command is General Joseph L. Votel.
US Women Seeking Entrepreneurship With England, Arka Arkaya Wins 4.
A day after three goals in the 6-1 win against Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals of the United States of America in the match, which Americans beat India 3-0 on Thursday.
Five goals in the two matches seem to require a permanent veteran, but Bam (27) said he was not sure whether he had done the same before.
"I have no idea," he said.
I am not from people who keep the sky.
He says: Americans share the first place in the group with Britania, which continues to be prolonged after winning 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, after defeating Japan 2-0 on Thursday.
The United States and the United States will face the final game of the first round on Saturday.
Both teams won the quarterfinals, and the game will determine who will be the first and who will finish the matches of the six teams.
The team won their matches and will not face a little more long time with the strong Dutch team, the leader of another group, when the quarterfinals began.
After Saturday's match, however, Americans created censorship, citing surprising progress here after the London Olympics, where they came to the last of the 12 teams.
Bam was in this team.
He grew up in Blue Bell, Pa.
He missed the 2008 Olympics because it did not go to the last fate.
He later came in 2012, when many for him and his team friends did not go on track.
The next year, a British coach, Craig Parnham, took office and things began to change.
Bam "a cultural change, a mental change, a physical change."
Now we do not work like in London.
We were completely transformed.
On Thursday night, Bam received the first number of the first half with a closely ters shooting.
India has not yet won a winner in the tournament, but a number of surprising solidarity has managed to protect Bam as a score of 1-0, up to the third quarter.
He made a long coin on the ground, and later went to the ball and put Americans 2-0.
Melissa Gonzales scored the last goal for the middle of the fourth quarter.
This is the first time that the United States of America, which permitted one of the first three victories, was the first of the United States, Jackie Briggs.
The festival opened.
That is why Bam is.
"We are a good place now," he said, but depends on the outcome of Saturday's match.
Trambolin Dinginisation of Olympic theft
If you would be, the Olympics are under way, regardless of a few hours.
The events in Rio de Janeiro represent an ambitious competition and work, and the defendant will never be finished or inevitable.
The Olympic torch itself is like a fierce battalion from the swimmer to the gymnastics fortress.
Simone Biles, Katie Literky or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos do not follow television, you cannot read the newspaper, or you can't listen to their neighbors in a café.
And Logan Dooley also.
Bay Dooley, who participated in the Olympics for the first time, may be one of the islands in a swimmer, gymnastics or fkrimist, as well as one of the islands in the prime time, including a swimmer, gymnastics or fkrimci.
But Lake Forest is struggling for a gold medal in the tramble of Bay Dooley (28) from Kaliforniya.
The Olympic buyer does not tolerate every event equally.
From the centre, there are athletes who are not universally recognised in the shadow: air rifle jump, archery, badminton, techvando.
It will always be with us, and for a long time.
However, if I do not specify my favourite, I would like to draw attention to the secret growing of the tramble.
Although it has been recognised as a Olympic event since 2000, when the trambolin has been promoted in the Sidney games, very few people have been aware that this is a Olympic sport.
It could be a regional ceasefire.
The United States has never won a medal in its tramble, but did not have an upgrade to the finals until 2012.
The men's awards focused on the Cinians and the Russians, and women in women and Canadians.
Rosie MacLennan, from China, and Rosie MacLennan, from Canada, will try to protect gold medals in London this year.
However, the trambolin is pointing out as an event; the reason may be the fact that it will be awarded to the pledgling school, rather than the Olympics in unknown clubs.
I should admit that I was not specialised here, I just have a matter of issue.
There is a neighboring potential (like the cartoon, which has never been created -- but also reflects the loss of gymnastics and religion, the two sports that have brought together contact.
"Trambolin" comes from the hands of Spanish al-trampolin; this means "tramplen."
Champion candidates are spreading 30 fit from almost air to a major tramble, and they are asked to make a series of movement (burkma, pike and salto) before their shootout.
According to the official Olympic programme, they are evaluated according to the difficult and "flight time."
In Rio, 16 men from 17 countries will fight for two athletes, including 16 women.
The most frequent progress in the Olympics is direct.
In some cases, those who hope to get the gold should go back in some cases, and in some cases, more and more faster, faster and more than in some cases.
They are not only a bit line or the start wall, but at the same time, there is another difficult line on television; the world or Olympic record.
This decreasing effort is enough for the assault, immune and even extreme levels; it is enough to fit in the eyes of a viewer.
However, this is a slight interpretation when it comes to the full Games.
Trambolin provides you can give them a ara.
Reactions in the Trambolindes are the right move.
Their goal is not to move forward.
Overall, it seems unweighted like the astronaut, and it is above interest, downsizing and rezycling.
Of course, there is no competition or difficulty, but a humiliated work to reach the outcome in the routine time is that there is no shift, only time and imagination.
If a Olympic race can be, it is so dingdom.
The rankings and subsequent finals of women will be held in 13.00 on Friday afternoon; men are again 13 on Saturday.
NBC will publish the finals in both days from 14.00 as the bloc.
In the middle of the Olympic turmoil, they are a silent and wonderful moment that can be ignored in the general argument.
And if the United States does not only have a male athlete, as the men's gymnastics have proposed shortly before, and if the male athlete will be raised, then we can say that Bay Dooley is waiting for the new fans, according to The Wall Street Journal.
"A Nesil Protestode" in Etiyopia, the United States, for a long time.
Violent Protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia faced severe resistance by the government.
Several protesters have taken deadly weapons coup in the conflict with police, Sahitler says.
Is it up to collapse?
In the past decade, one of the most stable nations in Africa, and the fast growing economy, was a solid ally for the West.
In recent months, however, anti-government protests spread the country by spread to more areas every day.
Last week alone, thousands of people requested basic political changes to the street.
According to human rights groups, the government's reaction was quite accessible.
The police officers shot several unarmed demonstrators and killed, Sahitler said.
Protests, thought to be from the end of last year or the beginning of this year, are seen as security officials who fled the young people who had to impose their hands on a wall.
The highest-ranking United Nations human rights official wants a thorough review.
Rashid Abdi, project director of the International Crisis Group, a research group, said: "It has always been difficult to keep this country together and it will be much more difficult to move forward."
Etiyopia is the highest nationalities of Africa after Nigeria, and the stability is appreciated by the West.
The American military and intelligence services are working closely with Etiyopians to fight terrorist threats in the region, especially Somalia, and there are very few countries in Africa that see this balanced aid from the West.
The economy of Ethiopia is growing impressive.
The infrastructure has improved effectively; there is a new suburban train in the capital, Addis Ababa.
And the streets are usually silent, safe and cleaner.
The best example of democracy in Ethiopia is not on display, and human rights groups are constantly referred to the government's repressive attitude, and the domestic opposition was highly limited, and opponents were effectively underwater.
Most were sent, imprisoned, killed or at the most distant corners of the death.
But that may be to change.
The Seyoum Testy, a university professor from Central Etiyopia, said: "If you are drowning people and you do not offer them another option, these events are in interest."
Youth is completely protesting.
It is a generation protest.
There are many complaints from the use of land to pressure on the power of the ruling coalition.
After last year's selection of criticism, the ruling party and its allies also received the final seat filled by opponents and can now control 100 per cent of parliament.
At the same time, tensions on the border with Eritre, which led to the war that killed hundreds of people in June, are also increasing.
Analysts fear that separatist groups that have disappeared in recent years, such as the Oromo Freedom Front or the Ogaden National Freedom Front, have been rearmed by consulting from this species.
There are a few factors that say the painful sentiment, which has been under the face for years, is now booming.
First, it seems innocent: The smart phones.
As the smart phones spread and internet service is provided, only a few years ago, a large number of Ethiopian social media began to communicate.
Even when the government closed access to Facebook and Twitter, especially in the time of protest, many were able to communicate through internet clients who hide their positions.
A few young Etiyopian said they had gathered in this way for the protests.
Secondly, solidarity between Oromos and Amharas, the two major ethnic groups of Etiyopia, also increased.
Oromos and Amharas are not normal ally.
For a long time, Amhars from the mountainous areas of Ethiopia, which are Christian, have been used in policy and business, and were mostly Muslim and abused in flat land.
However, this is changing.
Mulatu Gemechu, a Oromo leader, said "We are going to meet and co-operate under a umbrella."
The biggest protests were seen in Amhara and Oromo regions.
Most Amhara and Oromo think Etiyopia is not fairly unfair by members of the Tigrayan ethnic group, which accounted for about 6 percent of the population and dominate the military, intelligence services, trade and policy.
The third reason behind the innocence was the death of Meles Zenawi.
The former rebellion leader, Bay Meles, served as prime minister of Etiyopia for 17 years so far from an unannounced disease in 2012.
He was thought to have been a tactical debut.
Analysts say it is particularly specialised in identifying the first signs of unrest and to register and ineffective rivals.
"The current regime does not have this basic information," said Bay Abdi, an analyst at the conflict.
Hailemariam Desalegn, the new prime minister of Etiyopia, was elected in an apparent uncertainty to fill the place of Bay Meles.
Unlike Bay Meles, from the Tigray region of North Ethiopia, Bay Hailemariam is south.
Analysts say he is unable to win the trust of security services where Tigrayans control.
As a result, more bloodshed with more fear.
Etiyopia's recent experience of such confusion was the protest after thousands of people in 2005 were following the thieves made by the government after a crackdown.
In the measures that followed it, many protesters have been killed and a period of turmoil has gone faster, though less than last month.
Development experts praised Etiyopia's leaders for remarkable progress in its vision of infrastructure plans, such as the new suburban train, and the fight against poverty.
However, it is clear that this is not stopping the rise of the blood against the Etiyopia government.
And this is a dangerous and ethnic state.
Last month, protesters at Gondar, a town of Amhara, attacked businesses owned by Tigrayans, and Tigrayan hatred is also increased in social media.
Analysts say the protests have left the United States and other allies in the West in a garden situation.
The American government used Etiyopia as a base for inhumane air vehicle flights on neighbouring Somalia; but shortly before that base was said to be closed.
The Western clearly does not want to support democracy, but also does not want to be part of this ally in a fragile region.
Bay Abdi said: "This is like a very time and to walk on."
Donald Trump Announces Obama's Executive of ISID
Donald J. Trump has tried to eliminate the latest conflict in its campaign, saying Friday that he was not serious when he insisted that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were "founders" of the Islamic Devleti terrorist group for a few occasions last week.
This statement gave new questions about the ability of the Republican president to communicate openly with the American people.
At the same time, it was at a garden position in the process, where they are trying to explain his clients who are doing their best to defend him in the process that created this turmoil.
Bay Trump insisted on Thursday night that he had further strengthened his scheme after being found in a rally on Wednesday night, saying he really imagined the president and Bayan Clinton to form the ISID.
But in a send via Twitter early on Friday morning, Bay Trump said there was only a buyer testimony.
Gönderi had shown that Bay Trump was completely back from a day before he said he was serious about this crime in a series of events.
Conservative radio programmer Hugh Hewitt said Bay Obama wanted to destroy the ISID, when Bay Trump tried to help him to ease this comment, while the Republican president said he did not believe it.
Bay Trump revealed the last complexity while trying to change the room of his campaign after a drop in the polls.
Bay Trump and Bayan Clinton held clashes with each other on the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Bay Trump wanted to return to this issue.
Nonetheless, he spoke via Twitter, expressing that the offer of Bayan Clinton would increase taxes, and that he is tightening his speech.
Bay Trump had previously used the defense defence.
After a appearance at the end of July, after the Russians appeared to be able to attack the e-mails of Clinton's e-mails, he said, "Of course I told it in an allevious way," he said.
This approach allows Bay Trump to force the policy of policy speech and step back on the ground.
Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who followed the language of both candidates, said: "This is a order that specific messages are reacting by those who supported him, and that it would" make a statement "in a way, depending on the response.
At the same time, however, he knows these babies and knows that it is so uncertain to be filled when it comes from different mercenaries.
After a decline in polls recently, Bay Trump took a much more aggressive stance rather than soft the pool for the general election mass.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist survey published on Friday showed Bay Trump is behind the holiday of Bayan Clinton in North Coraline, Virginia and Colorado, and had a tight race in Florida.
Until every month, Bay Trump refuses to apologise for the provocative things, but accuses him of applying his words or not meaning his architect.
However, the shakes of Bay Trump, who have been subject to much more examination in the last months of the presidential campaign, are in a difficult position to support the loyal supporters of the truck, although their comments are so provocative.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor, made his best to defend the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday as one of the most advanced supporters of Bay Trump.
When Bay Trump was asked about the confirmation of his scheme that Bay Obama and Bayan Clinton formed the Islamic Review, Bay Giuliani said "I think it is a legitimate, political criticism."
In one perspective, before Obama, ISID was an unknown, small company, that was completely mistaken and that the troops were withdrawn from Iraq.
Most, the Republican, is trying to defend that the Obama administration, where Bayan Clinton's foreign minister was foreign minister, failed to deal with the situation in the Middle East, and why ISID has grown.
Ahead of the rallies in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continues to accusing the news media of every continent and with biased behavior against him.
"They cannot do it!" he writes with TV specialists who tried to solve him.
Some Democrats said it was evidence that Bay Trump was put forward with the spring, saying it was not in line with the presidency.
ReBizimle at Kafe Greenpoint, who is not Chief of Prices with Prices
In Williamsburg, the VäCafe Wi-Fi link, a former pbase who works only with cash, has submitted a great coffee for 15 years.
As a natural, he was unable to lead prices at his store in Bedford Avenue.
In the summer of 2014, the store Soap Cherie, which replaced Vovers, is selling sails in the form of cap.
The residents of the region said it was the last loss of the supervised city.
Sanatist Molly Crabapple wrote to Twitter. "New York is changing, I know it, but I can't believe that the CBGB has gone, and that the Chelsea Hotel was evacuated and that Vesting is now a store of a morning."
But New York is the city to reicat as much as change.
In Greenpoint last November, a renovated VäCafe opened in the north, less than a nation from its original position.
The new VäCafe has a Wi-Fi link and acknowledges a credit card, but is protecting some former employees and similar simple pools.
Kahve is still good.
At the beginning of the new Vote, the long-lasting study of the former café is Cisco Rodriguez, the owner and leader of the new location.
He joined Vovers in 2001 and has been up until the end.
A customer said he would be excited from doing so when he offered him funding for this new place.
Bay Rodriguez (36), most of them left the same.
Väs use the same distributor for the sights and bought a fpresso machine for the same model.
Hatta's lights were reused here.
But Bay Rodriguez said he wanted to offer a slightly changed experience.
They added new materials.
It also offers materials such as the existing and capitally-ve-cheese boxes, as well as materials such as capitalism and soter cold.
There are Esmer-pyric tapes.
Kafe no longer makes a service, but offers fresh fruit water.
Nine months later, Bay Rodriguez said he had noticed that former contractors began to come in a decisive way.
"Our many old customers did not lead to prices in Williamsburg," he said.
Last Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of these clients.
Bayan Oliveira (34) lives in Williamsburg and he was frequently going to Vuty.
Even after moving to Greenpoint, he did not give up on that path.
After the door, he said he had interrupted coffee for a period of time.
"I realised that what I love is a coffee and culture in Voting," he said.
Now he started drinking, but chose the turmoil, which was a new screen, instead of a regular buzz coffee last day.
Tom Rosenthal, a other contractor, was regularly travelling to Vovers starting in 2003.
Prior to the job, he went to the forest and gave the same orders.
"Every day, I went to the seventh quarter, I got drinking, and I was ready for my simultaneous simit on every day," he said.
Photo Bay Rodriguez said he wanted to make changes and that he added new materials.
In the days, Bay Rosenthal is still taking a slight change in the siege, eggs and cheese, even though he is still taking every time of orders.
Bay Rodriguez said the morning store, which replaced the old site, was not a coup.
Given the fact, the owners of Soap Cherie offered to do a special morning for Vesting using the cold demolition of the café.
"I am still able to accept this offer," Bay Rodriguez said.
And the traditional Polish residents of Greenpoint have embraced this café.
One of the new clients has taken the manager to Lehgang, and Bay Rodriguez said his new neighbours will find a space to exhibit this menu as soon as possible to feel good.
The new position also has other advantages.
The local fruit water shop wants to bottle and sell the cold demolish coffee.
The disaster is likely to be expanded by spreading to the building.
It is enough that a new Vwing can be available for most clients, where they can find their old favourites.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and was very sorry after the venue was closed.
When the new venue opened, Bay Whitt entered the drink, saying it was able to get the coffee in his home.
"I had to cocaine it," he said.
Crisis time's "A Square Meal" for Depresif
In March 1933, just after his session on the capital seat, Franklin Delano Roosevelt was sitting on lunch in the Oval Ofis.
President Roosevelt, one of the opposite, loved the jazz device and loved decorated Fifth Avenue food, such as the Maryland kaplumbina chorus.
The menu was much more modest: tomatoes, the potatoes, the potatoes, and a pleasant score.
Jane Ziegelman said "This was an act to establish solidarity with the frequent people."
His wife, Andrew Coe, added: "It was a message to the Americans when it comes to what they should."
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Hallowts, are food historian.
Bay Coe's latest book, "Chop Suey," was the right of Chinese cuisine in America, and Bayan Ziegelman told the "97 Orchard" in his book "97 Orchard," and described the lives in the flows in the Old East Region.
"A Square Meal, a new book that works together and will be published by Harper on Tuesday, tells the history of American food during the Great Buhran era.
It was a reporter for dinner at the Eisenberg Sandvic Big in the Flatiron area, which has been in the Flatiron region since 1929, when the crisis began solidarity.
Bayan Ziegelman (54), krem cheese and olive boxes were orders, while Bay Coe (57) preferred to sit down, hindi, potatoes and vegetables.
The couple found that the reporter was in line for the discussion of the Crisis era food.
"The Somuns were very popularity," said Bayan Ziegelman.
He had the somber, lung somber, the dump.
These were done from a cheap thing that spread material with a material.
You can't be enough to be enough in the dinner at the dinner.
Bay Coe added his face.
"It should be sitting in the mix of people like the victim," he said.
In the years before the crisis, the softens in America, especially in rural areas, went to the open bust.
Women were packed for men who work at the farm, and a coffee, lunch, and a fresh roundtable in the dinner.
The Americans, who died from hunger in World War II, were sending food to the Americans. "A Square Meal" explains the history of its methods to deal with the fact that the nation is not a centralised centre.
Bay Coe explained the reason for him and his wife's desire to write about this issue. "This was a time when the dinner became a central, worrying husband for Americans."
The new budget regime was equally concerned: mysterious food, such as Somuns and fareholders, has become the basic consumption product, according to Bayan Ziegelman, "a wonderful method for the evaluation of the remaining food," so that it was able to hide contradictory closing materials.
Taze won't be cheaper to replace the fruit.
The meat, which was at the centre of American food throughout the years, has become a luxury that has been paid in a kept way.
For Kalori and the value of the comin, interesting mixes were balanced, and the doyum feeling was before the tat or the overall kitchen understanding.
Bayan Ziegelman was researching for his book, which includes tariffs, while the stockpile of that period has drawn up the cold.
Bay Coe said: "It was not a favourite contribution to the dinner table this evening."
Bayan Ziegelman supported it: "This is reality."
There is no common point with the cold.
Most household economy tariffs were a characteristic.
Host economy experts, including the Office of Federal Hospital Economy, Louise Stanley, directed the country's eating habits as never before, from 1923 to 1943.
Tarif and the machines have been publishing in newspapers and magazines, encouraging women to be "saving" and spread the struggle to transform them into leaked food, such as a weather crew.
"A Square Meal" is a feast of historic leaves.
The answers to the government's hunger citizens, such as the pasta of President Herbert Hoover, are very occupying.
At the same time, the public knew the simple Iowa farmer food in the public, while in the other hand, it was food, such as a millionaire.
"The European cuisine, such as the fish fish, loved food," Bay Coe said.
They were weighing their retirement to the dinner at the evening, and was almost exclusively at a meal room, which was almost entirely gold.
It was very away from the facts.
If Eleanor did not encourage him to be an example with his midesi, President Roosevelt could have fallen to the same mistake.
According to the book, Bayan Roosevelt has started to be presented at the White House as "the most deliberately prepared tables" in the White House, as it has been prepared only so far at the White House.
After the country's resorts, many of the methods of eating the crisis have been left aside.
According to Bayan Ziegelman, the focus on quality and comfort is underway to be applied to the meal.
Cift said the mother of Bayan Ziegelman, who was author of the book, had learned a lot of food, for example, that he was never taking the dinner.
Bay Coe said: "The future name was really protecting him," he said.
Bayan Ziegelman spoke of his former memories: "Indeed, it was patient."
There were a Kremali dump case.
After the tables gathered in Eisenberg, he and Bay Coe issued a plea that they were preparing at home: The victim that President Roosevelt was eyeing at the lunch.
Bayan Ziegelman said "This is a drastic dump," and the most frequent sample was to give the modest tariffs a weather ad.
There was no creative loan; only the rule is eroding, slightly, sugar, water and screen.
Everybody was hesitant to find a coffee.
The extreme was not very bad in a way.
Bay Coe received his second and third husband.
"It would be good for a few coast," he said.
Merck to get Gilead lawyer fees in Hepatitis C explosion
According to the decision of the US district judge, Gilead Sciences Inc has won the right to receive lawyers for the hepatitis C explosion case with pharmaceutical producer Merck & Co Inc.
After the US judge identified a series of wrong behaviour, including the denial personality and other unethical practices, Gilead was reduced in June to pay $200m in compensation for a violation of the two Merck patents related to the Soviet and Harvoni.
At Thursday's hearing, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said Gilead had the right to be reaffirmed for fees made during the trial defence.
Merck is trying to grow to Gilead, the right of the market with the new generation of hepatitis C medicines, which can improve more than 90 percent of liver patients.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other for the property of the lab work for sofosbuvir, an active clause of Gilead's medicines.
The US-backed forces said the control of Membic was completely taken from Islamic Devleti
On Friday, a group spokesman, US-backed forces, said the latest Islamic Revolutionary fighters within the city have completely seized control of the city of Membic, near the border with Turkey.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDG) is also in the cleanup of the city after a group of militants hiding in the city.
Sharfan Dervishi, of the Membic Military Council, in an alliance with SDG, reported that he released the Routers that they freed over 2,000 civil hostages in the hands of the militants.
"The city is now under full control but we are conducting cleaning work," said Kendisi Routers.
Clinton family won $10.75 million in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent federal tax
Hillary Clinton announced on Friday that the Democrats of the Democrats and his wife were earning $10.75 million last year, and announced the tax beer of 2015, which shows that it paid 34.2 per cent of the federal tax in force.
In 2015, the Clinton family contributed $1 million to animal institutions, most of them in the Clinton Foundation, and former president Bill Clinton won about $5.3 million from speech fees, and the former foreign minister declared that he had revenue of $3m for his book, which was issued by Simon & Schuster on the State Department.
Clinton's nominee, the US Senator, published a 10-year tax beer with Tim Kaine from Virginia, his wife, Anne Holton.
In 2015, they paid a 20.3 percent federal tax.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to determine the standard for financial transparency," said Clinton campaign officer Jennifer Palmieri.
Unlike this, Donald Trump has been hiding behind the fake spring on their commitments, and is taking a step back.
It is a tradition that the US president's nominees will present their tax statements open to the public.
Trump and lawyers, a New York businessman, said the reason for the release of the babies was a supervision conducted by the Revenues Administration.
In connection with the babies of the democratic candidate, Clinton campaign officer Ian Sams scored the tweet.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, the acting special case of Trump, said Trump would not allow the Trump to publish them until the controls are completed.
Criticising Trump, which includes Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republics in 2012, the group expressed questions about many other links, including the essence of his rejection, contributions to the animal institutions, business agreements and those with Russia.
Clinton on Friday issued an online video showing that senior Republisers put pressure on Trump on explanation.
On Thursday, a economic speech in Michigan expressed this problem.
He said the crowd "refuses to make every president candidate for decades, to publish their tax beings."
Politico reported that Trump had not paid almost no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and on Friday, the New York Times business department said a series of tax attorneys and accountability could still continue in this way.
Federal tax rates have become an important problem in the presidential election.
Clinton presented a rule offer called by billionaire investor Warren Buffet, which will ensure that those who earn more than $1 million per year will pay for at least 30 per cent.
President Obama supports this offer.
Last week, at a Clinton rally in Nebraska, Opriva, the Berkshire Hathaway group was frustrated about its arrival in Buffett, Trump, and to offer the tax beer.
Buffet said he is undergoing IRS control, and that Trump is "afraid" from voters, not from the tax collection institution.
Clinton published tax beaches, which were until 2007 in his campaign.
The Clinton family, currently living in New York, Chappaqua, had an average federal tax payment rate of 32 percent from 2007 to 2014, and the combined tax rate reaches about 40.5 per cent.
As for 2015, the Clinton family shows that, unlike most Americans, only about $100 of its revenues come from fees.
The main investments are a low-cost index, and the Clinton family declared that the inspection and interest revenues were $109,000.
Kevin Drawbaugh, who is preparing for the news, is Jonathan Oatis
Toz red peppers, cutting fisheries support protection of files in Tanzania
Environmentalists in Tanzania use an unusual method to prevent files from entering human settlements; they take them a red peppers.
The director was proven to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which found the idea a few years ago, took steps to promote it; volunteers in northern Tanzania have started to educate their homes and execution to use the method of four steps without violence.
Earlier, most people were used to defend himself.
On Friday, World Fil Day, dedicated to the protection of animals.
Honeyguide administrative director Damian Bell said, "We have seen the passion in these communities since we developed the vehicle; now they have more self-confidence that they can keep the files away from land without damaging the files."
The first two steps are to keep fener and take a corn in the last file.
The name "red biber bullets" is being taken in the cases where it is not possible.
The tool, which has been mixed with the meeting, is being put on a red pepper, a cut of a cut, and it is only going to be closed to the tunnel.
When it was found, the condom is opening with a boom voice and a red pepper in the pool of the pool.
Even a nefes are able to send the files to the flow.
The last resort is to use a manoeuvre that is causing the air to a high-voice, bright explosion.
The Jewish filmmaker hit the hotel in Berlin, which lifted Israel's phone code after the Arabs "demand," and RT News
A French filmmaker, a Jewish filmmaker, caused censorship in the media after the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin uncovered Israel's phone code and that the study put forward "demands" of Arab customers.
Claude Lanzmann, a author of the "Shoah" documentary about Soybreak, expressed outrage at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin with an open letter written by German broadcaster FAZ.
Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the list of the phone code provided by the hotel in the short time.
However, the country was not among the states that could be sought directly from the room.
In 2016, how can Israel be deported and destroyed in Berlin, the new German capital?
It is Lanzmann.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers Israel a search for its own call centre.
The filmmaker reported the situation to the reception of the hotel to get a statement.
The answer, Lanzmann wrote, "shocked him."
The secretary general said the measure was taken with "a deliberate decision of the Kempinski-Hotels management."
The cause of the move was caused by a much more sinking of the filmmaker.
According to Lanzmann, "most of our guests wanted the Arab and Israeli code to be silent."
According to Suddeutsche Zeitung, Israel's ambassador to Germany, Jakov Hadas-Handelsman, described the situation as "a great embarrassment."
This has dropped us to decoration, and it was very surprised.
This is really a big embarrassment.
It is a much bigger recipe that this has been in Germany and in such a hotel chain.
There is no need to be monitored.
We expect that the Hotel will be able to adopt the outcome, "he said.
The incident reacted big in the online environment; people described the situation as a scandal.
Some accused the Kempinski Hotel of "bowing" the so-called demands of Arab customers.
In another send, the hotel was near a synagogue, emphasising that "you should be Utanmal" by emphasising that it was on the Kurfurstendamm street.
According to Der Spiegel, Otel said the incident was a result of "incardience," and took "apologising" from Lanzmann, with the start of the pace.
Suddeutsche Zeitung said one of Kempinski's representatives said "there was no direct orders to be included in the fast search list of Israel."
And he said they were no longer a comedy.
Police use biber gas and plastic bullets against Brazilian protesters
Students gathered in the city of Sao Paulo in Sao Paulo, Brazil, on Thursday to demonstrate against reforms of the government's public education system.
Police used biber gas and plastic bullets against protesters.
The problem began in the escape that police officers tried to distribute students, which led police to use plastic bullets and biber gas.
Hundreds of students participated in the demonstration to express their discontent against the plans.
According to Sao Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmin, less than 100 state schools will be closed to save, and 300,000 students will be distributed to other schools.
Some of those who participated in the protest were found to write the walls against temporary President Michel Temer.
This latest protest took place a few days after protesters came out in the street, in order to support the displaced President Dilma Rousmof, who was removed from the vote of the country's senate.
Between Russia and Iran, trade rose to 71% - RT Business
According to Levan Dzhagaryan, the Russian ambassador to Iran, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran has grown by 70.9 per cent year-on-year.
He said that since international sanctions against Iran were removed, the interest of Russian companies in the country has increased largely.
As new companies prepare to provide access to the market, Russian companies continue their current ties with Iran.
Of course, increased trade is one of the main priorities of our bilateral co-operation with Iran, "Dzhagaryan said.
In the first five months of 2016, the trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 per cent compared with the same period in 2015 and reached $856 million.
In particular, Russia's exports to Iran rose by 91.5 per cent to $697 million.
Russia's imports from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
The increase in trade has been provided with palace materials for machine, ground tools and weapons, "he said.
At the same time, Dzhagaryan expects a record number of Iranian tourists to Russia this year.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representative in Iran granted 35,000 visas, mostly for travel to Iranian citizens.
Also, for the first time, Iran was among the first 20 countries in the number of tourists visiting Russia.
We can say that the Iranian tourist record, which visited Russia last year, will be breaked, "he said.
At the same time, less Russian is visiting Iran, and this is an issue that the envoy hopes to change.
"I personally propose that the memories of the Ancient Pers civilisation are hiding in the good situation, and I personally propose the visit of the Short and Yezd cities," he said.
FETIC transplants from Izmir - Economy Reports
Kavuklar Group Management Board President Abdullah Kavuk, who was detained for providing financial support to the FETIC, has started to reveal interesting details about the President of the Board of Directors, Ahmet Kavuk, and the Chairman of the Kucukbay Group, Ahmet Kucukbay.
FETIC's top financial resources in Izmir, Kavuk, and Kavuk's FETIC / PDY terrorist organisation's leader, Fetullah Gulen, were set to send a large amount of money on a regular basis each month.
The money sent to Gulen was not invested via banks, while the organisation was detected to be sent through a member of the council.
Meanwhile, 9 people were arrested as part of an investigation into the FETIC coup initiative in Amasya and arrested 9 people, including Merzifon Chamber of Commerce and Industry President Fatih Altinay, and 7 people were released under criminal control requirement.
More than 30,000 lira front in 10 years
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's call for "a cut of interest" has been taken into action.
The proposal, which was initiated by the Previous Emlak Konut and later joined the GYODER, was proposed to include banks.
The proposal, which was assessed as a psychological border, was also made by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, with a proposal to bring more than 1 per cent of interest rates.
13 bank housing credit rates below 1 per cent.
It was the public banks that launched the dire furor.
The consumer, who previously used monthly interest rates between 1.12 per cent and 1,29 per cent, will pay less interest between the consumer 15 and 30 billion TL, using a 10-year residential loan.
TERCH 5 ILA 10 YIL
How advantage will it bring interest cuts to the house?
A person using 100,000 lira a 10-year loan will provide 30,000 lira advantages from the decline in interest.
The vast majority of those who use the housing loan are choosing the 5-10-year payment plan.
In the coming days, interest rates are expected to drop further.
Faiz discount sales will also affect positive.
In 2015, housing sales rose 10.6 percent compared to the previous year, with 1 million 289,000.
This year, sales are expected to exceed 1.5 million with a reduction in interest.
GYODER President Aziz Torun: Annual should be reduced below 9 percent
It is an important step for public banks to go to interest reduction.
They listen to the call for our president and cut interest.
However, the rate should be below 9 per cent.
If this discount process continues, we are considering a few months to extend the monthly 0.70 interest campaign we launched.
Kuzu Group YKCC Ozen Kuzu: Campaign could be extended by 3 months
The participation of the banks to the economy, which we have limited as a month, could raise the extension of this historic campaign by at least 3-4 months.
However, credit rates must be below 9 per cent year-on-year.
It is also pleased to see that every sector, with the positive psychology and unprecedented solidarity, which will create only in the housing sector and the real market, is a sacrifice of each sector.
Polat Holding YKB Adnan Polat: We expect full support from banks
It is a beautiful step for our president to go to the interest cut after his call to the banks.
Apart from that, there are a number of steps taken towards the revival of the economy in all sectors.
The campaigns of NGOs, the National Bank's decision and all steps taken in this direction are for the country...
All banks need to put the hand under the stone.
We also have to come to them, with this mobilisation, together with us, to the same road, and we will be able to go to the elite economy.
Sabanci gets 5.5 billion TL investment in 1.5 years
Sabanci Holding increased its net profit in the first 6 months of this year, up 11 per cent compared to the same period last year, up to 17 billion 166 million lira, with a rise of 22 per cent higher.
Sabanci Holding Senior Director (CEO) Zafer Kurtul reported that in the first six months of the year, 1.8 billion TL had invested about 5.5 billion lira in the beginning of 2015.
"We have managed to achieve a difficult return in the last time as a country," he said.
"After that, it will now be more working and producing for our country," he said.
Kabatas enjoys vapore keys to 2 years
According to the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (IBB), the Kabatash vapore skeletons have been closed for nearly two years, with the cause of "The Transfer Centre and the Innovation of Skells."
A modern transfer centre will be held in the Kabatas field to integrate sea, rayer systems and road transport.
Traffic is being placed under traffic, and will be flowed in the field of interrupted yesterday.
Tramvay and sacrificial systems will continue to work more than a time.
Members of the public will be launched in order to ensure the transport of Taksim, Eminonu, Besiktas regions.
Faiz fell, house hikes
The managing director of a public bank has taken a message.
The same thing is happening.
Faiz falls, house prices are increasing.
Faiz is rising, house prices are falling.
"It's like this," he said.
He tells him that he is related to individual loans.
The contractors, which entered the 0.70 interest rate campaign organised by Emlak Konut, say they have increased prices in many housing projects.
I have maintained a share of nature.
There is the situation bread, there is no surplus...
Meanwhile, we soared with a contractor attending the construction summit, organised by the Fetullahist Terrorism Organisation on 15 July, a week later.
The boss of a great firm...
"In fact, if you have to pay a 10 per cent increase in prices," he said, "You will be able to do a Darbe opportunity?"
After the Darbe initiative, the campaigns in the Emlak Konut prevention launched a major sales campaign with 0.70 interest and 120 months maturity.
I am Kabul, putting his hand under the stone before the banks, he took the risk.
But in order to cut Turkey's pace, we are acting with the spirit of unity and draw.
The banks in your 1 month campaign also gave interest to the interest.
At the time, nobody is making an opportunity for increase.
They are also warnings.
President Erdogan accepts Omer Koc and Ali Koc
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has accepted the Board of Directors of Koc Holding, Omer Mehmet Koc and Koc Holding Board of Directors President Ali Koc, and Chairman of the Ford Otosan Board of Directors.
Erdogan's admission to the media in the Presidential Culture lasted 40 minutes.
BDDK calls: O banks complain
Mehmet Ali Akben, president of the Banking Regulatory and Control Corporation (BDDK), issued a statement on the warning of President Erdogan's "loan back" for banks.
"The banks are turning the loan back to an opportunity for the market, and if we do with different saints, we will definitely not allow it," Akben said.
These kinds of complaints and information that bring the information to us, 'the bank and the company sometimes give the name of the BDDK complaint'.
In a statement, President Tayyip Erdogan warned the banks that "I am afraid that there will be a new era in front of our country and in front of our banks, when credit images are expanded."
When our country is to imagine credits in this period, the banks that recycled the loans with whatever spring will have to set up a patience, and I want to announce it.
The banks gained money from these jobs at the time of the annual rate of 7-8 per cent.
More than 500,000 of the Russian tourists are expected
Turkey-Russia relations are entering a positive route before the July 15th coup attempt at the EXPO 2016 Antalya exhibition, said the Association of Professional Home Affairs (POYD), as well as a certain revival from Russia to Antalya.
"I expect that there will be very positive developments in both tourism and agriculture," he said, adding that the meeting of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin is excited by the tourism industry, as there are trade sectors between the two countries.
Turkey and Russia are very close to the two countries, we have traditional relationships based on years.
"As part of this road from the leaders of the two countries, I think we can quickly close the distances and go towards goals if we are making very fast progress," he said.
He said he had predicted that the number of Russian tourists who came to Turkey would exceed 1 million, without a Darbe initiative.
But we lost a month at the time we had high season, so the goal is to shrink.
I still think we will exceed 500,000 figures if they start charter flights.
There may be an extension of the season until the end of my bread.
In such a case, additional flights can be made per year.
I estimate that this positive pool will be very well evaluated by the Russian people.
They have a damage to Turkey.
I think that, perhaps, to build this momentum, I think we have more than 700 buildings.
He said they are also hopeful for 2017 in terms of the Russian market, and said the number of Russian tourists could rise to over 3 million next year if the Russian economy is also toppled.
POYD President Red Cukdag said domestic reservations are small, with public personnel lifting the ban on permission. "There have been returns in some of the predominantly reserved reservations, and new reservations have been taken to be taken."
"We have a hopeful expectation about Kurban Day," he said.
"It would be very good if we can bring 100-200,000 people in 1.2-2 months from Iran," he said, adding that lifting a tour of tickets to travel agencies by Iran after the coup initiative was a very positive development.
The defeat of the current loan?
It is the first time that the new interest conditions with the bank that you receive credit is how you affect your credit.
It is calculated with the cost of using a new loan with lower interest, with lower interest in the early closure fee (up to 1.5-2 per cent of the usually used fee).
If you are still involved in all costs, you can apply for low-interest credit use.
There is no way to get nefes to Aslan!
The last champion, Besiktas, won the Super Cup struggle with Galatasaray and aims to get moral in the new season.
"We have to play Tempolu and aggressively," said Technical Director Shenol Gunar, who founded all plans with the winner.
"I am expecting the top checkpoint and the top control over 90 minutes," he said.
Shenol Gunar, who did not consider the players who missed the iders, especially Sosa, was found to be undecided on Adriano and Quaresma.
In the weekly study, he tried to store Necip in the stuff, but the leftist Tosic will play in the store.
The solar, which will also be a preference between Ricardo Quaresma and Kerim Frei, also commissioned the ball, which stood after a long break to the request.
Tolga to explode - Sports reports
Galatasaray President Dursun Ozbek answered questions by members of the NEF, which sponsored the Galatasaray earlier evening, and his transfers backed the annual fee of diaspora football player Tolga Ciugerci.
BEN DERN FUTBOLCULAR KONUSACEC
Dursun Ozbek said that the football team came in a much better situation than last year. "Still, not me, the football players need to speak at the field," he said. "I can't say anything."
You can see the teams at the time of 2-3 weeks, then I can say our chances for the championship.
I expect explosion from Tolga.
If you will see Tolga with his trial, everyone will exploit this year, everybody will monitor the enthusiasm.
The head of the Galatasaray stressed that they would be engaged in contact with Mehmet Topal only if they did not agree with the club. "We are not in the goal of getting the price hike on the ground," he stressed.
Mehmet Topal centilmen is a native athlete.
We would like to transfer to Galatasaray if it was unable to agree with the club.
RIVA ILE BANKA BORCLARI BITECEK
"We wanted to make a 13,000-strong epidemic," he said, adding that the TT Arena will soon begin construction.
However, our president said, '15,000 people do not.'
We changed the project.
We will close bank debts with money from Riva.
MAYISLAR YINE BIZD
Galatasaray President Dursun Ozbek, who said he believes that his team, which closed the Turkish Cup last season, will be able to reveal the quality against Besiktas in the Super Cup final.
"The mines are us," he said, adding that he believed he would be champion again after a year of Galatasaray.
Deplasman ban lifted
At a meeting of the Union's Foundation, the Club Foundation signed a historic decision.
At a meeting of the 15 July coup initiative, it was agreed to abolish the ban on the ban.
Starting in the new season, the guest team fans will be able to take place in the matches and the Besikst-Bursaspor matches.
"We decided to remove the prohibition of debut bans for the continuation of unity and the continuation of the draw, which was made on 15 July," said foundation President Goksel Sildag.
"We believe that this unit and draw are much more important after the 15 July Democracy City," he said.
Meanwhile, the results of the current board of directors will continue as a result of the vote at the Club Union Foundation.
Dursun Ozbek, president of the Galatasaray Club, was elected head of the divan.
Unlike the earlier meetings, there was no room for club flows at the table.
Turkey has been equipped with the table with Turkish flags in an effort to hit unity and draw.
"KENDE BAHCEMIOD TEMIZLECERN"
"We have no luxury to alleviate the FEOIC formation."
"As a football family, we have to clean and collect our own spring," he said.
"Do you think of an organization under the 15 July Democratic Cup," he said, "especially with the general wing of friends about the name of the Turkish Cup."
"We will share this offer with TFF."
The goal is 25,000 combined
Trabzonsports will fight in the new stadium in the new season.
Muharrem Usta, the president of the borrowers who counted the day to move to Akedi, set up its combined prices with the survey, which he made via social media.
The bordo-maviles, which aim to sell 100,000 forums with 25,000 committees in the new season, are expected to show intense interest by fans for the sale.
"The goal is 25,000 combined and more than 100,000 are forgotten," he said.
We have agreed to the heart of the survey answers and in the prices of eastern / western tribes.
Whatever it is separated.
"Now you are the ball."
The new season of the Bordo-mavili club has been set up in the new season: "Cale behind the sub-top trips, 3350 TL, eastern alrist and western trips are 750 TL."
The new season, worth 150 lira, will also be given a gift to combined areas, with 30 per cent for students and 50 per cent in the second committee.
GUNEY KORELD SUK RESMEN ACIKLANDI
Trabzonsports had an agreement with South Korean Hyun Jun Suk.
An interim transfer price of 750,000 euros will be paid for the player who is rented from the Porto club in a year.
An annual 1m euro guarantee will be given to the vote.
The purchase option for the play was 15m euros.
Hesapl-books chased
F.Bahce sent Pereira, which signed two years of signatures on 11 June 2015, at the end of the first year.
President Aziz Yildirim and the board held a meeting, including the club's Financial Affairs Co-ordinator Tamer Yelkovan.
The economic dimension of the incident was on the table.
Yildirim, who was sensitive to keep the "annual damage" at an agreement with UEFA, reportedly received assistance from Yelkovan on financial issues.
He was contacted with representatives of Pereira.
It was notified that his mandate would be ended.
2-2.5 MILY ON EURO'YA ANLASTILAR
For this reason, the official statement will be done today or tomorrow, including some of the points that are still unresolved on financial issues.
Pereira and his team have been identical to the team because the official statement was not made.
The total cost of this operation was around 4m euros.
However, F.Bahce will be able to provide a rival deal under this price for fesih.
F.Bahce will finish a rival of between 2 and 2.5 million euros, if Pereira is cheering the fee.
Without it, Pereira will be paid a monthly salary.
If there is an agreement with a team, this payment will be cut.
At the end of the house, Pereira went and Fenerbahce fans signed a major revolution.
In fighting with Vitor Pereira, Caner Erkin, Luis Nani was killed.
Robin van Persie has been saved by light half.
I will be fully happy when Vitor Pereira is going, I think it will be able to find our management gider more concrete.
Sevincim remains at the courage.
When Pereira went, champion Fenerbahce.
You can get the Vitor Pereira bavnation with 3-5-2.
When Pereira went, he was to Kadishy in 18.
Serdar Cakir removed
Serdar Cakir, a high-ranking judge in the Turkish Football Federation (TFF), was learned by his dismissal.
The deployment of Serdar Cakir, who is now the father of the FIFA judge who served at the Rio Olympic Games, has sparked controversy in the referee mosque that took office last year...
As part of the FETIC recently in the TFF, the Central Judge Council (MHK), representatives of the Tahkim Council and observers were reformed.
A hundred item from Van Persie
In the minutes of his claim that Pereira had been fired, Dutch star Robin van Persie made an imperative sharp from the facebook account of him.
Robin van Persie, who shared photos that he was from the Fenerbahce idle, peaked a soccer ball with a football ball.
This share was interpreted as "Pereira's progress."
The first independent underground in history, El-Deehani
Fehaid el-Deehani, the first of the 2016 Rio Olympics shooting branch, brought the first gold medal to independent athletes in the history of the games.
At the site of the Olympic Shooting Centre, medals were distributed in the trap category.
The 49-year-old el-Deehani, who joined the games with the Independent Olympic Atletters Team, due to his country's sentence for Kuwait, faced Italian Marco Innocenti in the final of the trap category.
It was the first name to win a gold medal with the team of independent athletes at the el-Deehani Olympics, which was 26-24.
I opened a door to examples
In the 2016 Rio Olympics, Egyptian Doaa Elghobashy, who struggled as the start of the women's beach volleyball, said: "I respect those who play with the bike, my competitors are in the beginning."
Elghobashy said he wants to break the perception in the West in recent years about Islam, "I have had any problems in the Olympics."
The athletes are struggling with their talent.
I get positive messages through social media from many countries in the Islamic world.
"You are encouraged by women, and we are proud of the union. '
I opened a door for women, "he said.
Speaking to some of the foreign athletes, Egyptian Elghobashy, a 20-year-old Egyptian, who asked why they asked for the closed elite, said: "They welcome them when I tell them that I came out with this comparison."
Kazak Balandin writes history
One of the biggest surprises in the history of the Swimming history took place with the victory of Kazak Dmitriy Balandin against the morning.
Balandin, the 200m butter, shown as the favourite of US swimmers, reached victory in 46 halls for 2 minutes 7 seconds.
Kazakhstan won the first swimming medal in its history, followed by the US Josh Prenot at 2: 07.53, followed by Russia's Chupkov, with a time of 2: 07.70.
Gunar: Friendship at a preliminary plan
Besiktas Technical Director Shenol Gunar said the Super Cup match would be very meaningful for mosques because of the death anniversary of Sulejman Seba, while the centilmence was in a fight.
"I am convinced that friendship will be a prerequisite, not only in the field, not only in the field, but in trips, not only in the field," he said.
FEOIC leader Gulen's assets confiscated
The Adana Republican State Prosecutor's Office for Terrorism and Organised Crime has filed a lawsuit against the FEOIC / PDI, which is prepared for financing the FEOIC / PDY terrorist organisation, which is meant to finance the FEOIC / PDY terrorist organisation.
In the trial of Fetullah Gulen, the main defendant, Fetullah Gulen, a court delegation, the court delegation had decided to arrest the defendants, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, who have been charged with him.
Until that time, however, the court, which has not been captured and did not come to the proceedings, agreed to hold court illegal transactions.
In an effort to ensure the inconclusive case of the trial, Adana II has decided to confiscate all assets of goods "by Fetullah Gulen, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu's (CMK) 278 / 1 clause."
Along with this decision, the court's decision has been frozen in Turkey, where there are no movements in Turkey, cara-maritime and air transport vehicles, any rights and subscribers, cohesion, joint company shares, rented tape deposits and bank accounts.
Huseyin Guards: The demolition of Gulen depends on the collapse of 3 months
The Huseyin Guards, who interpreted the FETIC coup attempt, made a number of dramatic statements.
They sell to the statements of the Hussein Guards.
"They can be diagnosed with diagnoses, but not in the chain of command," he wrote, as he crossed the country in the past 5-6 months.
I did not know two things; the first is widespread and deep, it is the 8 year emir officer of the Gendarma General Commander and the yavers of Mr. President.
As Mr. President is the most struggling, it selects how to note the chemistry, but the most important feature is an unprecedented privacy.
It is a very two swimmers.
One of the most important evidence of his testimony, "It is not the job that it can make a pension such as OIC," and one of the most important evidence of his testimony is such a deep kumpas.
He supports happiness from the CIA.
The CIA has taken a lot of early hands.
Mahmut Oval 2014, in 1971, talked with the Fuat East and Fetullah Gulen in the house of Vehbi Koc.
The most interested people in that period say that relations between ICT and the CIA are the closest.
The United States payments of our armed forces personnel, after not remembering them, is such a man.
We always learn it, and in 2014.
After this summer of Mahmut Bey, there was no explanation that denied it.
Is Mesela Adil Oksh, not in the base?
It is wonderful.
Adam went to Pensilia for 2 times in the last 25 days before the coup, and returned 2 days ago.
Adil Oksh has gone abroad for 109 times since 2002.
When you bring all them together, I have to be investigated; they went to the United States with a spring to the United States, starting in March 1999, when all of the fugitives went to the United States.
The outlook is that they went to Pensilia with a occasion.
But the CIA can be detected from the bottom; it was a lot of people who have been sent to the United States in police, especially from people who need to be raised from the police.
There are Wikileaks documents; Gulen is setting up a association and makes joint meetings with this association CIA.
More than 15 years ago, the CIA and those connections were made to show the painting.
I demolished a intelligence pool in Fuat Avni Pensilia, 2 years ago.
The man working at the prime minister works to Fuat Avni.
But it is bad; this information has fallen to the CIA, as it fell to Pensilia.
The demolition of Gulen depends on the collapse of three months; one is that we have a friendly people, and there are people in deep hypnozda, even though he is still the film of Erdogan.
I had three months, or it is a taboo support.
The stolen of problems, theft, the right to school, is very shaken by this subject of support.
Two other months; political support, international support.
International support is still available.
The only thing to break political support is that Baykal and MHP executives are certified by the FETIC.
After July 15th, "FEOIC" also uses Mr. Kilicdaroglu, who opened the eyes of everyone.
"I do not do what I do," he said.
"Bey, Huseyin Bey, I think this girl is very changed, they are sending me, I am now prohibited, because it is not true to amend the dreams," he said.
One voice slipped, at that voice, Barbaros Kocakurt: Hocam friends see the rush, our Peygamberour tweets doubled.
1 police killed in Nusaybin
According to the information, the armoured vehicle, including police officers who took over in the Selahaddin Eyyubi Mahallesi, opened fire with weapons of long prayers.
A police officer was killed and a police officer was injured in the first fire.
Two terrorists have been ineffective in the shootout after the police responded.
The injured police were lifted to the Nusaybin State Hospital.
The operation is under way.
Darbecks vote did not cut TV publishers
Private television, which owns an important share in the prevention of a coup attempt on 15 July night, continued to spread through a technical staff with a hero resistance to coup in Turksat.
That hero Asim Akkaya...
"I think that my friends were killed in the fire from Helicopter, and I got everything in custody," Akkaya said, referring to the resistance psychology in TRT, instructing the spread of the statement.
They wanted to impose weapons and cut the publications.
I only closed local TV.
Then I had to get away from the building, saying we should go to the gang memories.
I spent 20 minutes of time in the department where the Antens were found.
"I still cut some cables here, but I did not touch the publications," he said.
Darbecs brought the expertise of Samanroad TV when he failed to cut the spread in Turksat.
These terrorists were caught up by police, who came 3 minutes before the incident.
About 1 hours after they returned to the building, Darbecler said that TV publishers were underway, and that he was here with the death.
I took over the evening of the evening at 8 percent.
He ordered us.
For the E-state and electricity system, one of my friends was nice.
When we met in order to drink more than 21,00, we were helicopters from today.
In its surroundings, Helicopterin had a few weather instruments that fly silly from the alter.
We saw them.
Probably, they were inhumane air tools.
They were flying from the prefectures of Helipcopies.
For the first time, I have been searching for the first time when I saw so close flight.
Then, a move began.
We learned that the bridge was closed while looking at the reports.
In that escape, the general manager was instructed to come to the building of friends who are not at the moment of security.
We learned that the packages of all the publications in TRT have been falling, when it costs to get information.
Over 5 minutes, TRT publications were cut.
TRT is looking for the main gamble, but I could not reach.
Our Kontrol station said TRT publications came back and began to read the statement.
Our General Director, Halil Yescounimen, has asked TRT publications to be curtailed with the order of the general director.
We started working to cut the spread because TRT has made a broad broadcast from 3 channels.
At least, we did not hear that Prime Minister Binali Yildirim had 'shift'.
Today's "final 'order of TRT has put us in a slightly resistance psychology.
We cut TRT, a time later, we heard the helicopter.
We got the light, the helicopter who was inhabited in the beer was shot every place, everybody has been mounted.
We were hiding in a building on the other side.
We have a total of 12 people.
When it comes to the arena, soldiers from the helicopter have entered the drink.
A few friends have been captured.
We have also emerged to not leave them alone.
At that escape, I saw our deputy director who caught our deputy, and I saw the dig collapsing.
The troops were talking about their own.
Let's hit a witness from their people, they are afraid.
And then they sit together.
"I will not ask for him, I will not ask," he said.
"We have also heard about the style of style talk: we have no news, but we have been instructed," he said, but the 'TRT is clear.
There is a resistance.
I felt that I gave up my own revival.
I was, 'I said.
I went to the shootout without knowing what I will do.
What I think is that he was not opened to my friends at the helicopter.
I thought that 10-15 friends were killed in the surveillance, and a relief collapsed at the time that "they will be killed at the end of us. '
"You will be able to cut all the publications," he said.
We have the system department where we are monitors when it comes to the local channels.
We are spreading about 80 tanks from 200 local channels.
It was in this room.
There were no national broadcasts.
I cut them, and I say that all of them have been cut, at least until then, and support from outside.
I was going until when I went on.
We have agreed that we cannot get out of the forest.
I would not be able to cut me.
I cut out the exit of a witness from local canal packages.
I cut the power wedding on the monitors we can monitor national channels.
Thus, there was no signal in all screens.
I said I should not go to the memories to be completely cut.
He travelled to me with two soldiers.
I opened the Anten room, one of the soldiers'.
The weapon was imposed.
If you will not be able to cut all of them, I will not stay anywhere, I will be shot at the end of one of our drinking, and that will happen. '"
I would all be equipped with that relief, "because I will now be able to go, I would not say anything else," he said.
We entered Istation, we were voted and cut local publishers.
We crossed the other memorial.
At the time, we would have created a system that will return to 20 close national channels.
About 20 monitors have been evacuated when they cut local channels.
Rabbim has helped us so that we have not been forced to answer, and they attributed them to their bases.
They were inhabited by the answers.
They did not.
This has relieved us.
After Antenden came out, they asked the tram.
I did not know if I did not know, 'I said,' I have an electric power in you. '
After my dairy, I would not be electric, and if you are, the team came to the income '.
In fact, he had electricity at that time.
I did not cut Cyprus's publications.
I thought to cut them in order to get the troops votes.
They were slightly relieved because they thought they were cut.
They were unable to look at the footage.
Now, the group has been waiting.
Nearly a hour later, they saw A News publisher when he opened TV in the waiting salad.
It's a soldier.
My Command I did not cut the News spread.
We were in mind with the commander.
We have to stay in, 'he said.
I was alcohol.
At the moment, one soldier said 'there are still ongoing publications.'
There are channels that broadcast in Cyprus. '
They are broadcasting through Cyprus, I would not do anything.
"Then, after writing with someone, he walked all of us," he said.
Darbecler fled the minor from Turksat.
I saw the photographs of the soldier who saw me to the tuition, and that the soldier, who gave the water, was executed at the seat.
They were shot at 3 kere and shot out of the fire.
My friends confirmed that he was the same soldier.
In our fire, they had to address the military 'adoption.
Probably it was a soldier.
They can be executed to get rid of him.
According to Asim Akkaya, the first police team to Turksat came from Gölhi.
Police teams went to the district and went to ammunition by returning to the district when they learned that the security was screened.
They returned 40 minutes later.
Police teams did not see anyone in the foreign nizo in their arrival.
"We have called on the police teams to contain us, we have a Turksat staff, we need to be urgent," said Akkaya, who explained to the building of alleged experts who were sent from Samanroad TV just 3-4 minutes later.
"The police have been shaken by a smooth phones and noticed the content of the content '," he said.
After renovation, a spirit of Mount
The EC Party will make up to Diyarbakir, Van and Mardin at the beginning of September with a broad delegation, including businessmen, artists, athletes and cannons, to form "hot bridges" with citizens in the region.
The EC Party is set to move to Diyarbakir, "the spirit of Innovation," which includes democratic nights after the bloody coup of FETIC / PDI.
The aid campaign, which will be carried out in the Eastern and Southeast Anatolian regions ahead of Kurban Day, will also be invited to the CHP and MHP municipal heads.
The EC Party, which will give the region a message to the "state and nationality," will provide assistance to poor families and needs.
The EC's latest MYK meeting was focused on the Gonul Bridge Project, which took place for the first time in a ramp.
The meeting, which has been affected by terrorism in the region, has also decided to continue the Gonul Bridge by the Gonul Bridge at the meeting, especially during the positive results of the project for young people and children.
The vice president was inaugurated as head of the Civil Society Public Relations leader Mehmet Muezzinoglu.
By contrast, 12 cities in Eastern and Southeast Europe will gather in Diyarbakir, Mardin and Van.
Meetings will be held ahead of the holiday, which is considered the centre.
Businessmen, artists, athletes and cannons will also participate in the events.
These meetings will focus on the organization of aid and work.
The delegations, comprised of famous figures at Kurban Day, will bring the aid to the citizens.
For young people and children, school needs will be settled in this way, because post-holiday schools are opening.
The victims of the conflict will be distributed.
The national unity pool between the EC Party, CHP and MHP, after 15 July, will be reflected in this project.
The CHP and MHP city heads of the 12 principles, including the project, will also be invited to organizations.
The aid activities will be provided by 3 parties.
As in the Innovation of the event, the HDP is thought to be not invited.
Continues of the island of Adil
Along with the skiing of FETIC Adil Oksh, who was shown as the 1 sample of the 15 July coup, the registry was detained and transferred to the island.
Father Cevat Yildirim and his skiing, Hatice Yildirim, were released on the condition of criminal control and innocent ban on the court.
"I am in the state," Cevat Yildirim, speaking at the court, called for his surrender.
It is versus the Allah document of the Darbecs.
I know, I was actually unable to recognise the Adil Oksma, which I recognised 18 senators.
There is no stamp.
I want a marvel capture.
In this way, it could live in Turkey, nor can it live in the world.
You trust the Turkish justice.
If he did, he pulls his sentence.
It is tightening to us.
Unfortunately, we wrote to the state.
In 20-25 days, police are not dealing with another job.
"We need work, not a coup," Yildirim said, noting that Turkey does not want to return to Syria.
We do not want Turkey to go and be like Syria.
Syria had a neighbour like Turkey.
There is a president like Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
"It would be our job with our coup," he said.
On the other hand, he appeared at the TEM Highway Evenings on July 19th at an hour, and was involved in losses after the 'SIR' plate vehicle was left to the garden of her home.
University of FEOIC operation: 30 eyes
It was printed for the operation this morning as part of an investigation by the Fetullahist terrorist organisation in Izmir.
The operation, held at the Izmir Katip Celebi University by the Izmir Financial Crime Directorate, was detained in the names of 30 out of 40 suspects, who have been issued for custody.
There are also professors in the operation, which took place in the operation with the order of the Izmir Republican Prosecutor's Office.
The detained names were questioned at the Directorate of Fight Against Financial Crime.
Other names are under search.
Prosecutor's prosecutor shifts suicide
According to information, the First Police Directorate teams wanted to take custody in the authorities of Virancity Republican Prosecutor Ahmet Fishne as part of the investigation.
After that, Fishne claimed he would commit suicide by imposing his weapon.
The Fishne was persuaded by his wife and his wife, who came to the courthouse, leaving suicide.
Fishne, who was detained, was taken to the Principal Police Directorate.
A smoking ban in Park and sports
During the signing ceremony at the Sheikh Edebali Culture and Congress Centre, Bilecik Mayor Selim Yagci said that with the Municipal Assembly decision, it added a provision on the black of smokers in the areas of parking, sports and play.
He realised that they met with all public institution executives for the future of new generations, saying the protocol would be divorced to children and young people.
Il Health Director Yasin Yilmaz reported that the protocol aims to put the people out of smoking and distance young people from bad habits.
After the conversations, Mayor Ytci, Sheikh Edebali University Professor Ibrahim Tas, Il National Education Director Fazilet Durable, Il Health Director Yilmaz, Il Public Health Director Omer Balci, Minister of Public Hospital Serkan Kadir Keskin and the Green Association of the Green Association, Hilal Savran, signed the protocol.
In Ergenekon, he saw a cump, killed FEOIC
The Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office is investigating the role of FETIC in the frarengiz death of Behgjet Oktay, the head of the Special Movement, which was shut down in 2009.
Ramadan Akyproduck, head of the former Police Intelligence Agency, who died 6 days before the death of Oktay and died of the Hezbollah Terrorism Organisation for the death of Oktay, is the main suspect in the investigation.
A part of the ammunition seized under the Ergenekon probe suggests that the FETIC team was stolen and buried by the Special Operational Agency, as it was killed because Oktay was detected.
Behgjet Oktay, the head of the Special Movement Agency in Ankara, was shot at the beginning of February 25th 2009, and is "suicide" for the death of Behgjet Oktay.
However, there were many questions.
2 years later, as a result of the legal fight against family and family lawyers, the murder investigation has been opened this time.
He was in the right hands, who was said to have shot him.
It was also detected in cable bones and a coup permits in his cell.
The trial against the murder investigation opened in May 2012.
In the murder case, it was only a Halil Kesici judge, who was found to have died and was found in his hands.
The exact judge was acquitted at the end.
Nurhan Prider, who was in prison for another crime and sent a letter to the prosecutor's office, had been involved in the death of Oktay, and was sentenced to 6 months in prison for "criminal responsibility and criminal authorities."
O SAVCILAR SORUSTURULSUN
In the meantime, "suicide," prosecutor Huseyin Yalcin retired, while Mustafa Orgun, who has been investigating the murder, was promoted to the Court of Appeal.
The Oktay family, along with those prosecutors, also wants autopsy prosecutor Nihat Yildirim to be investigated.
Behgjet Oktay's sister Sule Oktay and his male brother, Nezih Oktay, and family lawyers have made many demands in the trial process.
The family, who said Halil Kesici is not possible to kill the private educated Oktay alone, asked the investigation to be expanded.
The family, who said that the incident was overseen, asked the prosecutors, Huseyin Yalcın and Mustafa Orgun and the Behgjet Oktay file, to be identified and tried for suicide.
All requests for the family were rejected, while Oktay died 6 days before the death of the Hezbollah Terrorism Organisation, where he was listened to a fake name "Abdurrahman Dru."
It was determined that the sanction was also produced by the President of the Police Intelligence Agency, Ramadan Akyproduck.
The Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office, which readdresses the Behgjet Oktay file, began to examine the parking of the Fetullahist Terror Organisation (FETIC) in the murder.
The trial at the Ankara Network Criminal Tribunal for the illegal dining of Oktay will begin on 19 September.
ARKASINDA TABOD FEOIC VAR
The Oktay family, which SABAH discussed, is hopeful of the current investigation.
Family members say the FEOIC parave, which was previously held during a demonstration investigation and judgment, has been honoured.
"This murder actually came to the sky."
We were unable to pay.
Before the shooting was killed, 'Beni food'.
I was' Kim '.
Bana then pointed to the FETIC.
I thought it will be removed.
I have never made my death.
There is, of course, FETIC.
"He was in the hands of that period," he said.
Sehit is searching his family, joined the wall
Through the previous evening, the previous evening, in the spring of democracy, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan addressed the citizens of the President of the Presidential Cabinet, as well as the family of Omer Can Aemerge, the university of democracy, through the Nazim Mavish.
"Our president has joined the wall," said father Fahrettin Aappearance, who said he came in phone for his son at 01.30.
"I said that our country and his health are important for us," he said.
SARN BIBIH ISIS ONEMLI'
President Erdogan addressed citizens ahead of the previous evening of Presidential Culture.
He met with some citizens in Culture after he spoke to the peak in the midnight.
Tayyip Erdogan, who enjoyed a elderly confirmation of democracy, enjoyed a single only soul, thanks to the children, and thanked the children for their sacrifices.
Erdogan later searched the father of Fahrettin Aappearance, the father of the 15 July deaths, through the EC Party's Sinop MP, Nazim Mavbusiness.
Fahrettin Aappearance, 21, a student at the University of TOBB University, who was shot in front of the Presidential Culture, said he was looking for his son and the city at home in 01.30, while President Erdogan was searching for his son and city. "When I said we were wall for my son, Mr. President joined the wall."
I said that our country and his health were very important for us.
"We were very satisfied with the search for our president and on the phone," he said.
"The pyramid of the FEOIC was in place
Izmir Urla was arrested at 26 FEI.
Those arrested include Liberation Naip Hepyalty, who threatened to be a "contractor" in the organisation as a "contractor" -- a challenge to end the daily newspaper's subscription.
In Ushak, a protectorate of FETIC was arrested.
In Bursa, 24 people, including former Bursa Police Director Ali Osman Kahya, were transferred to the island.
DOKTOR IMAMI TUTUKLANDI
In Edirne, the organisation's imagination in charge of doctors was arrested.
14, a professor at the University of Pamukkale, was detained at 19, Alanya Alaaddin Keykubat University, 2 academics at the University of Karabuk, and Hilmi Sandal of the FETO in Rize.
In Diyarbakir, 8 percent and the attorney of the prosecutor and 2 parents, 2 skiers were detained.
One of the suspects was learned at the courthouse of the detention procedure.
Shener Callar, a vali deputy in Batman, was taken to the opening.
A 2 police chief from 465 police officers were arrested in Istanbul Police.
In Konya, 51 in Kayseri was arrested in 14, Malatya, 14 in Siirt and Naim S. in Adana.
The hair hitting the public hits the PKK
Turkey, which has been struggling to finish PKK terrorism for over the past year, has begun to face the day the organisation has failed to destroy its leaders.
The FEOIC militants, which leaked Turkey's critical institutions, have worked to connect Turkey's hand.
At the point today, Hrant Dink's Murder, the Uludere incident began to reveal serious doubt and evidence that the FEOIC is behind critical incidents such as lowering the Russian plane.
HECNIN SICILE COK KABARIK
During the 15 July crackdown, President Tayyip Erdogan's raid on the hotel in Marmaris and FETO General Gokhan Sahin Sönmezfire, who run the assassination operation, appeared to be a dream of the registry.
Previously, Sönmezfire's air operations to the PKK were set up as the planes were planted and reported to the terrorists.
Residents of the intelligence units also determined that the registry of Gökhan Sönmezfire was cable.
TERORISTLERD KORUDU
In addition to leaking intelligence to the PKK, Turkish warplanes have also been raised not fully hit by the targets set by the Turkish warplanes.
ICT's terrorist organisation has been attributed to the Kandil eats of the PKK's leading fate, and allegedly prevented the targets by scrapping by Gokhan Sönmezfire.
With the modification of the coordinations, the war planes, which are poised to destroy the PKK's leader, have been set up in the side of the targets, while the leaders of the terrorist organisation have been set up.
The Intelligence review revealed that Sönmezfire played a key role in the disbursement of both targets and the disbursement of PKK terrorists from the PKK.
37,000 officer files open
A restructuring process has been launched in TSK and the National Defence Ministry, after the instructions of Terrorist chief Fetullah Gulen was packed by the crackdown of FETIC members.
Specifically, a comprehensive cleansing process has been launched by the FETIC, which has been stolen by the FETIC, where military students are not members of the organisation and were sent from schools.
Approximately 37,000 officers from the last neglect and 39,287 officers will remain, while cleansing for the general and the amirts will be carried out for these officers.
For that to happen, the fate will be frozen in the fate, especially by teenagers.
A comprehensive investigation will be completed before terrorism.
The 37,000 officer files began to be the only opening.
A successful study and the FEOIC members will be discovered.
The officers, who have not been involved in the FETIC, will continue their posts.
The battle will continue until the last FETIC is cleared, while the promotion of officers will be raised only after the investigation.
The investigation is conducted together with the ICT, the Police Intelligence and State Audit Board.
As part of the investigation, it is investigating whether the officers who opened the files to finish the civilian or a harmful school, they are being investigated, as well as their commanders and commanders.
It will also be investigated with a fractured study, which is not a member of FETO, even via their shipyards.
Any measure will be taken, so that officers who do not have any connection with FETIC will not be affected by the process.
If the smallest scepticism is found, the officer will be transferred immediately and transferred to the judiciary.
Those who detected the FETIC link will be immediately cut off with the army of information and documents.
During all these transactions, the shipments will be frozen, while the review will be deepened.
There will also be measures for the lack of vacation in post-conflict fate.
It will be able to return to their profession with the equivalent of the equivalent and the same apology, following a reciprocal investigation from the TSK, which has been forced from TSK and forced pensions.
2 BIN 133 SUBAY IHRANA EDILDD
The Chief of General Staff announced the number of staff of the TSK as 39,287 officers on 1 July.
The majority of the 32,289 staff in the officer, which competed from the base, swimmers, buildings, tomorrow and alls, was in Kara, Air and Marine forces.
However, in the first diving treasures on July 27th, 726 were removed from Kara, 314, 59 in the Air, 59 in the Marine forces.
In the July 31st headquarters, 1,304 officers were cut off with the TSK, including 125 in Kara, 909 from the Gendarma General Command.
Pehlivanoglu: An FETIC toxic
Tahsin Pehlivanoglu, the founder of MHP and the head of the first general president, Alparslan Turkeh, suggested that Turkey was killed by poisoning, and that someone who family had done in co-operation with the FETIC.
"I did not tell anyone so far, but I had to speak after the helicopter of Muhsin Yazidioglu, and that the same soldier was in the hands of the coup deployed to kill our president," said Pehlivanoglu, who was along with every moment from 1977 to 1997.
They say the preservation of the headscarf is:
In 1997, we went to Germany.
Before the future, we started check-up at the start of 3 days ago.
Burdurlu doctor Fikret, 33, a Check, said: "There are 18 young giants."
"Nothing is there," he said.
The reason for this doctor died of a heart attack 1 months later.
We returned to Ankara on April 3rd.
My son went to Amasya.
They searched me, and Ankara went to a nice in Hilton.
After leaving, the headscarf driver, Alparslan, told Alparslan that he is "hungry."
He had no glass.
When it opens, a voice is coming.
At the Previous Cankaya Medical Centre, the heart master was doing electronics, but finished.
We took to the Women's Centre for Medicine, but the job was fired.
I think someone who is family is poisoned in Amasya.
There was no autopsy on the headscarf.
His former wife, Seval Turkeh, made clear that he would have heard of my relief and rhetoric, and that he was "killed and killed."
The human feet is a chaotic sanction, tomorrow.
It was the heart attack.
The grave of the headscarf should be opened again.
Did the Alparslan headscarf be killed?
They were arrested as they missed gold in Pensilia!
The operation, held in Izmir for the business of FETIC / PDY, was confiscated during the 1.5kg weight, and was confiscated during the love of Pensilia.
The crackdown learned about 30kg of gold, expected to be trafficked to Pensilia in search of the workplace.
He was arrested and sent to prison for the arrest of 3 people detained in the wake of the sixth place to be sent to Pensilia, located in Eldem Kuyumculuk, the workplace of businessman Mehmet Eldem.
Businessmen Mustafa Ozkara, Ezel Elected and Resul Elected were arrested in the operation, which was also held in the framework of an investigation conducted in Izmir.
The Izmir Il Police Directorate's Executive Director of the Law on Financial Crime, Mustafa Ozkara, and the Chairman of the Western Mediterranean Industry and Businessmen's (ESIDEF) Board of Directors, Mustafa Ozkara, and Tic. Tic. Ltd. (BALPET) owners Ezel Elected and Resul Elected.
As he tried to flee Kyrgyzstan, ESIDEF President Ozkara, who was captured at Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport, was the son of Osman Gurbsiz Ozkara in the first modest delegation of Fetullah Gulen, and was determined that the FETIC was one of the most important figures in the Aegean Region.
Other businessmen who were detained for allegedly providing financial funds were reported to be confiscated at 5 fuel stations, owned by Ezel and Resul Elected.
In 1 hours, the vehicle was stolen and robbed 3 similarities
The incident occurred last night in Kartal.
In the wake of a petrol station that came to Kartal over the vehicle, a gas station that came to Kartal was followed by another 300m station, followed by another station on a subsidiary.
After the robberies, Kartal police detected the indictees as soon as possible, and started to catch up.
Police teams received the tool used by indictees C.S. and U.A.
The indictees, who began to escape from the tool they used from abuse of the Kartal square, also fired at the police.
One of the indictees who continued to crack down on the ground has been apprehended over the Egemenlik Bulvard.
In line with information from the C.S., police also caught the second indictee as soon as possible.
The indictees were arrested after the proceedings in the Kartal Asayings Bureau and sent to prison.
Meanwhile, masked robbery cameras were recorded.
The footage, reflected in the security cameras of the Benzin station, was first entered into the petrol station and entered the market, following the discovery, placing masks and guns in the outside.
The first indictee, who entered Markete, is drowning before a market employee.
The mask and gunman weighed at the other individual café, which came out in the wake of the Market employee's attack.
Those who pull out the weapon fled with 6,200 lira on the tape after being ineffective.
About 15,000 lira, an unlicensed weapon and a vehicle, were seized in the top searches of the indictees.
A 7.2 size earthquake in Great Okyanus
The US Centre for Geological Studies (USGS) said the central base was recorded in a 10km depth of the earthquake, 109 miles east of the New Kaledonian Island.
The tsunami warning after the earthquake, which did not cause the loss of Can and goods, was cancelled shortly after.
A frequent earthquake in Vanuatu, which is part of the earthquake siege of "Pacific Ateh."
Darbeden unreported city prayer
The closeness of the 38-year-old Cetin Can, who was killed in the Bogazici Bridge on 15 July night, preserves the metants.
His wife, Fatma Can, said his wife learned about a crackdown on the night, adding that he had learned in a soul of "the city of Sevval." He said he had learned the city at home and recommended it to make this prayer.
Fatma Can, who said he watched the news from the evening on television and learned the coup attempt, told SETimes.
We were ready and came together.
When we went to the bridge, there were people waiting there.
As soon as the bridge entered, the tank opened us 2 times.
We got a siper, then we continued to walk when it went to the tank.
There was a point where a big bus stood at the bridge.
It was very crowded.
We stood at a time, we expected.
We were thinking about what it is going to do.
He asked us not to pass on the subsidiary.
I forecast a sniper sniper in the lane, we were an open goal and was shot there.
It was a prayer and killed 4 hours after the couple made a prayer.
There was no news from Darbeden.
A hidden of Allah...
Veren Allah, space Allah.
My wife previously said "we had a tree that was frustrated for my death."
I carried out this language by planting errors per grave.
Fatma Can told President Erdogan that they were indebted because they had visited them, saying "God fewer," he said.
A café and bone pieces were found in the Tesisat accident!
According to the information, at the train road in Cankaya on an hour of 20.00, a train route with the New Ankara Street and Coshkunlar Street, along with the work of the business machines, broke out of the territory during a study by business machines to take to the electricity facility.
Residents and residents of the neighbourhood reported the situation to the police.
Police teams were transferred instead of the conflict.
The police, which saw 3 cafes and bone pieces during the work of business machinery, reported the scene to examine the scene.
Following the work of the incident, the bone pieces were taken to the forensic institution of bags.
Mahalle residents claimed that there was a former cemetery in the place where parts of the bones were exposed, and that they were burned over the cemetery in the 1960s, and later that they were destroyed.
A review was launched.
Rita's extradition could take 4 months
Rita Dar Winkler (39), who was courtesy at Izmit Gölcuk, 34 days after the loss in Istanbul, said his extradition to Turkey would last 4 months after he was arrested 4 months later in Germany.
Winkler arrived in Turkey on Thursday (March 3rd) to meet his male friend Ali Kemal S. (46).
Ali Kemal S. and Istanbul Pendik were expected to return to Germany on Wednesday (March 9th) morning when he was expected to return to Germany.
The research, which was conducted by Istanbul Police on the missing neglect of his family, focused on the male friend Ali Kemal S., who was home to the suspect's married Winkler.
Ali Kemal S. at the Tatli Sert Programme, which was published on 13 April, was a tip from Ali Kemal S., his brother, Huseyin S., and a workplace in Gölcuk.
The conflict has been searched on the ground.
Winkler's body was found to be buried in the ground of the business location.
The brother, Huseyin S. (42), who was assessed to the murder of Ali Kemal S., and his brother, Huseyin S. (42), was arrested.
His father, Ali Kemal S., was involved in losses in Germany, where Winkler lived after his body was found.
The Hamm Chief prosecutor reported that Ali Kemal S., wanted by Interpol in 190, was captured in the street and did not resist police.
The German Prosecutor's Prosecutor said they have not yet identified the whereabouts of his whereabouts, adding that the extradition process to Turkey could also find 4.
The FETO coup appeared on 15 July night that they were fired at the mosque to silence the salesman from a mosque near the Actor Base.
SABAH reached a testimony during a complaint with the footage of the mosque, which was the closest mosque to the Actor Base, and the image of the mosque "on behalf of the celebrations."
According to the information, the coup began fire by targeting direct hopefuls from about 50 metres shortly after the mosque began to read the salad.
One of the victims included 4 of the hopefuls.
He was read by the end of the epidemic, which was given the centre of the central system.
According to the incident, the blow to kill the imam was circulating in content with their posters, which broke the door of the mosque and flowers.
"I don't have a personal match-fixing, but I want to have the most severe punishment of these cannons who were killed and killed in the mosque," said Cami Imament Mustafa Seker.
Festival killed young people in the festival
A youth festival in Istanbul, held last week, killed 2 of the 5 people who were taken to hospital.
According to the information, 5 of the participants in a youth festival in Bahaböy on 6 August were uncomfortable and taken to hospital.
Tugay Ergin (19) and Gökhan Alatas (19), who were put under way, died.
The treatment of 3 people is under way.
Police have been detained by 5 people who were suggested to sell drug hap to young people attending the festival.
Of the 5 suspects who were transferred after the police proceedings, 3 were arrested and 2 were released to be tried without arrest.
The research on the cause of young people continues.
Balikesir's town in Burhaniye, in the town of Burhaniye, was stolen in the coastal city and fenched two of the 6 young people who used the drug and using drugs.
The B.D., which was taken to hospital, has died and G.C. lives.
The other 4 young people were taken to the police director, following their treatment.
A bomb exploded in front of his wife's home
The 41-year-old M.Y., who lives in Bursa, was in his own effort in front of her home in front of the house, where he was rented about 8-9 months ago, with his own effort to fill the coup and fill the blow.
Due to the explosion in the evening of the evening, citizens suffered fear and panic, while the pieces of components and fatal pieces were mounted into the environment, causing the breakthrough of many houses.
The fight against terrorism has launched work to capture M.Y, which has fled and unemployed after the incident.
Mahalle residents said the woman left the house about a month ago, due to the repression of his wife, and settled in the shelter.
A boom in prison in Philippines: 10 dead
A spokesman for the Prison Management and Penology Bureau, Xavier Solda, said that 10 prisoners of Chinese citizens died in the explosion, which has not yet been determined at the Paranaque Hapishanesi in Manila.
"We confirmed that there was a boom in the first review," Solda said, adding that a garden was seriously injured in the blast.
"Research on the cause of the blast is continuing," he said.
Prior to the incident, reports that the prisoners wanted to meet with the garden when they learned that they would be sent to another building, Solda said the investigators were investigating whether the explosion was part of a escape initiative.
Police official Jose Carumba said in a statement to local media that the garden was fired at the prisoners after he heard the gunman, and that a hand bomb exploded over it.
The authorities, Djurumba said, were investigating how the prisoners who hit the garden were involved in the gun prison.
The explosions in Thailand
In the south of Thailand, 3 people were killed in explosions in 4 cities.
3 people died in the explosions in Trang, Hua Hin, Surat Thani and Phuket, and 35 people, including tourists, were injured, officials said.
Police spokesman Piyapan Phingmuang said at a press conference that the bombings were not linked to terrorism.
"Thailand does not have a regional or religious problem with anyone," he said.
"We think this is an internal morning act."
Cunta leader Prayut Can-oca told reporters that he did not want to comment on who was behind the explosions.
"We must focus on ensuring calm, peace and security," he said.
Twenty people were killed and 120 were injured in a bomb attack near the Erawan Tapine in Rajprasong, the commercial centre of the capital, Bangkok, on August 17th last year.
"Unit Zalim" will be executed with toxic break
The 33-year-old Lonnie David Franklin, nicknamed "Grim Sleeper" (Duyan Zalim), who was arrested for at least 10 murders in the United States, was given a death sentence.
Franklin, a former cleaner worker, had targeted life women and drug addicts in the killings.
Kathleen Kennedy, who tried to judge Franklin, told him that "I have not seen my life like Slet and I have not seen such a lot of arbitrary crimes."
Franklin is one of the most bloodiest killers in Kaliforniya history.
Franklin, who was convicted of killing 10 people and convicted of killing a person, was learned to be executed with poisoning.
FETIC measures in Macedonia
Macedonian State Minister Furkan Cako said the FEOIC has taken steps to uncover the extensions of their countries in the legal direction and initiate the necessary investigations.
"All this is known for public opinion," said Minister Cako, who reminded the organisation's activity in the media and business in Macedonia at the same time.
Turks here are no longer giving their children to the FETIC schools.
We are now calling for our people to not get their children here.
"This structure, which has previously benefited from the reaffordable and modest of the public, is well recognised by the public," he said.
Migration will stage meteor rains
TUBITAK National Observatory researcher and Dr Hasan Esenoglu, Professor of Astronomy and Space Science in Istanbul University, said in a statement to the AA reporter that Perseid would reach the highest level, which connects Friday (August 12th) to Saturday (August 13th).
Thousands of pieces of pieces, "Swift - keeping with Swift - tutelling" with the impact of thousands of pieces, said that the situation would be transformed into a natural phenomenon.
Esenoglu said the Perseid sky stone was discovered for the first time in 1862, and began to be seen again in the world starting in the 1990s.
"We need to be interested, we need to be interested in such a visual shock," he said.
After all, this is a natural view.
"The house will contribute to our better definition," he said.
Cold red, temperatures will get white light
Esenoglu noted that some of the pieces that were copied during the sky rains will fall into a size of the bulk.
Perseid heats could go until 2,000 seconds.
Because of the heating and driver in the Atmosphere, Perseidler is packed in the natural environment in the natural environment, while the temperature is shed up in white colour.
A few lake stone from the website of the International Migration Organization could be found to contribute to science.
These data are worth information because it is collected from every place in the world.
It can be monitored all night
Esenoglu, who reminded that the rail stones rose nearly 60 kilometers in the virus, said it could be monitored for all nights in the lake, with little light on the northeast of this visual shake.
Esenoglu, who transported more than 100 lake stones in the year, said that after the Perseid lake rains, the Geminid sky rains were a notorious nature.
Az educated, former football player Erdogan
To overturn this balance, more than 1,000 schools from Fetullah Gulen, a wide dinner entrepreneur from the populist Scotland, led by former football player Recep Tayyip Erdogan, were the winning alliance of the high-educated swimmers who established scores of universities and education institute.
It is the hesitation of an article last week in Foreign Policy.
Erdogan, whose university graduate, is a little educated and former football player; the primary school graduate has been described as a broad entrepreneur, and the other such machines are often praised by Western media.
On the other hand, he said, "In Turkey, it is up to the American and / or Western opponents," and they are trying to explain the cumps that began in the clean machines.
The Western opposition in Turkey is possible to think that analysts see Turkey's history as a predominantly known situation.
In fact, according to statistics, the first ten years of Erdogan could be read as a period when the Western opposition in Turkey has dropped or remained in the average.
During this decade, the summit was to provide good relations with the European Union and the United States as well.
Regardless of the fact that the United States has been reluctant to have a clear policy in Europe, when the Turkish Cypriot leader, Brett McGurk, who has been reluctant to discourage Turkey's fight against Turkey as a result of the internal war by the Assad regime in Syria, the Turkish Cypriot leader, Brett McGurk, told the United States.
Hadi said that while the bloody crackdown has lost our 247 people, we would not get any support to our democracy until the failure of the so-called ally, the EU countries and the United States, that Kerry will be able to build a "peace and stability 'in Turkey," and forget that it does not have any shooting in the democratic and elected government.
However, how many leaders from the world, including Turkey, have participated in the protest march because the 11 Charlie Hebdo employees were killed in Paris, but how will it be forgotten that any others from any Western country, who have a 'ally' in Turkey, have not come out?
What will we say that those who come a few times a year for the refugee issue, or the senior representatives of the senior representatives, will send low-level representatives?
How will the daily Hurriyet come to a visit by all the EU and US ambassadors, and how will we assess the absence of a solidarity visit to Turkey's Great National Assembly?
Remembering the first two weeks of a coup in Egypt, when the EU was remembered by the coup leader Sisi, when Kerry was scrapped in a crackdown on the crackdown, "the lack of sincerity in Turkey is not sincere in Turkey to express concern about Turkey's democracy in any opportunity?
Currently, 95% of the citizens are allowed to live freely in the United States, even if it is allowed to live freely in the United States.
If the background plan is added, it is clear that the rising Western / American opposition will not only be disclosed with Erdogan.
He does not even say that he thinks the US impact is in the coup....
Deal has never been thrown at the polls
"We are thrilled," he said, adding that the Gezi zekans, whose voters, who do not think like himself, are being treated as "the crops of the Black Sea," and will they get the same teller on the same teller after 15 July night?
When they see how this people had to have the state and democracy, "we were able to answer to the question of what we were wrong"?
But how much is the questions that need to be found?
The officers, who have served in various levels, including Hain and the right to use the state's weapons, are now accepted to enter the status of "Hain" and want asylum seekers from foreign states.
We should see that we live in an atmosphere of mental distinction and have directed the people to treat the behaviour as a distinct for people.
When the Sulanti beats come to the Darbe initiative...
Are there a view of Turkey's cities from gasoline to the cities of Syria, for those who participated in this action?
Is a officer grenades the parliament of his own country?
We should not fall into a fire, such as the price of FETIC and the sulphur beaches, as well as to wait for appropriate behaviour.
But the other responsible, I know, is not just the FETIC responsible for everything.
The fate, which offers politics as a professional and hate profession, has made the necessary contributions to the tragedy.
The adjustments, which offer them as "Aydin," have instructed every kind of innocent behavior and even the natural philosophy.
When it comes to the hands of those who hate the people of his own people, we even saw how they opened fire to the public.
The way of democracy, the road we know
I say a very simple thing: On July 15th evening, the public in Turkey gave the FEOIC to the FETO trophy, the harsh, 250 deaths and a lot of saving democracy.
But behind the 15 July, there are three times, including 1992-2002; 2002-2012; 2012 and post-2012.
There are three changes drafted in this three times: Economic, social, political.
Social change has prepared two major phenomena: metropole migration from rural areas and moving to the centre after a very long time is kept in the surroundings of cities.
I determined on Wednesday that this move was through the metro.
I also emphasized that it is the most important social change factor for the Metro debut.
The second major change in the same confirmation is bridges and roads.
It is easier to contribute to modernising the road and bridge.
Left income, economic and social structure are changing.
Byzantine has so far changed the policy of politics.
I have been detected in Istanbul with the bridges that took place in the Bosphorus.
Demirel has sanctioned the Bogaz Bridge.
It was the 1960s dorney of the post-1950 village movement.
Ozal remained on the same confirmation with the second bridge, which now changed its name as the 15 July City Bridge.
Even the road route has shown a relationship between the environment and the centre.
That is how a social change route is monitored.
The makeover of Demirel and Ozal was in the centre.
The centre's ideology was to embrace them.
The EC Party has not made the third bridge over the long years.
The immigration lasted with all pace.
The coming people were placed in satellite cities.
A slightly closed system was created in those areas.
Local governments from the EC party have given people, business, social status, and they vote for the EC Party.
Thus, the mass was asked not to error in the centre, but to obtain political awareness in the environment and come from the centre 'as themselves.'
The formation was in the way ahead of the EC Party (1992-2002).
These debates have agreed to a conservative, contradiction, and the obligation that the stones are not integrated into the centre, but to their stops.
In the wake of 2002, the AK Party acted with the method of politicising the mass, engaged in politics, maturity.
After that, it is now the building of a democratic struggle on 15 July, with the construction of the 3rd Bridge.
It is a rift of history and sociology.
This is a dimension: the EC Party's move is not only limited to Istanbul bridges.
There is something more interesting: The EC Party is now integrating environmental cities with central cities.
That is provided through two bridges.
One, the Ottomans Bridge.
Two, the Canakkale 1915 bridge.
Here are ways.
Turkey will now reach another route from Trakia to Izmir.
Do you know what happened, and Izmir will now be another city.
My dialogue will now take Izmir, who did not get the EC Party ', from' outside '.
Now, Bursa will now turn to Canakkale, now the Thracian cities will turn to other five and social geographics.
This is so!
The 15 July cities are the stars of this great adventure.
Van Persie in Fenerbahce, and his needy idman
Fenerbahce continued to train the preparations for the Grasäpers game in the morning.
The train, which began at 10,00 at the Can Bartu Tesislands, lasted at 10,00, lasting a total of 1 hours, 30 minutes.
After a 30-minute core tragedy, the actors who went on the field, with coaches and heating movements and 5 to 2 top capabilities and pas work.
The train was completed with a pair of heart matches in the narrow area.
Fenerbahce will continue their preparations with the train in the evening of the evening.
The person who complained of St. Yildirim to Gulen...
New developments about Operation Fenerbahce are happening.
"A sport world name, Fethullah Gulen, has grown to St Yildirim's words for him," said journalist Huseyin Guards, who announced a programme published in CNN Turk.
"In a day of time, there is neither a job with the Senin Fethullah Gulen," he said.
Fethullah Gulen was also installed in St Yildirim when he transferred this statement to Gulen.
Why has Saint St. Yildirim?
This mentality, the head of Turkey's most fans, could harm him.
"His case was to draft the Saint Yildirim," he said.
After these words, a statement came from Faik Ishik, a key lawyers for the Sike Trial.
The Opinion, published in the Ishik Haberturk, went to the show and announced the person who complained to St Yildirim to the FEOIC leader, Fethullah Gulen.
This is the words of Faik Ishik:
St Yildirim says something about Fethullah Gulen to Exhibition Kalkavan.
When he comes from Azerbaijan, he is on the private plane.
Saint bey is a beautiful man, and he is also said to the battalion, while criticising one.
He is perhaps a slightly blood.
Some of them could react.
These cumps are grown in a place.
The airlines, protectioners, so many businesspeople, like Hac, go to Umre, are not the job to be accepted with such tolerance.
They have been critical of what they say, very heavily.
This is not the only problem, of course.
A football team, meanwhile, has been balanced.
A direct connection with some football players and managers from the Galatasaray Club...
Muharrem Usta: Sike this different
Trabzonsports President Muharrem Usta extended the hand of friendship to Fenerbahce.
"We are on the side of this country with 79 million," he said, voicing the issue of Turkey's issue as a matter of all clubs.
We should exhibit a stagnating stop.
If Fenerbahce has a problem with the FEOIC, I am unfair, but I stand behind Fenerbahce.
"However, it is aware of the complaint between Trabzonsports and Fenerbahce," he said.
Institution prices announced
"As a Union, we set the price of the live victim as 18 lira," Karabulut said.
"We also detected the price of a live kilogram to 17 lira, a second class, as well as 15 lira," he said.
Noting that animals who will not be sacrificed last year were also put on sale, Karabulut said.
In particular, the animals need to be noted.
It is also very important that the animal is healthy.
For that, they can control the vaccines of the animal's passport as the victim of our citizens.
With the reputation, the victim needs to be alive and dire.
At the same time, I would not have signs such as salt, milk.
We saw that animals that were not sacrificed last year were also presented and sold.
I have to fill the 2 age of the animal, a victim.
We can understand that by looking at the concerns of the animal.
Concerned that a animal filled the age of 2 as a 'captain'.
But the animals, who are smaller, have not emerged.
As a bad, animal can be widely seen, but the gates may not have been raised.
It is immediately noticeable because they are already big according to others.
Rize Airport to be balanced
The second airport to be built with a maritime dollar in Turkey will be Rize Airport.
Rize Airport will be built on 266 hectares of maritime from the coast, between 26 and 32 metres from the coast, in the village of Yesilkoy and the Kiz Tower.
Due to more deepening in the construction of the Rize airport, the Army will be used to provide about 3 times more dollar materials from use at Giresun Airport.
As part of the project, it will be built in the 45m-long and 3,000m long pist, where 36 planes could be shifted and 3,000m long.
Rize Airport, which will also serve as a combination of passenger and cargo planes, is also expected to serve the planes, which are more than 150,000 kilograms in the composition class D, the headscarf class.
The first phase for the Rize Airport project, which will be held on 8 September by the General Directorate of Transportation Control and Communications Investments, will be held on 8 September at the Rize Airport project, which will include pist, apron, taksirut, environment, police tel organisation, mendial, PAT sites and environmental lighting.
These jobs will cost 600m lira.
After the infrastructure jobs, the high structure will be held with 150 million lira spending, including terminal buildings.
The production of Rize Airport will be completed in 2 years.
Motorine an increase of 8 courses
Akarfuel distribution companies raised an average of 8 courses to the litre of the engine, which applies to half this night.
According to information from the Oil Producers Union (PUIS), an average of 8 courage price increases will be seen in the litre of the engine from 13 August 2016.
By contrast, the price of the engine with an average of 3.68 lira in Ankara will rise to 3.76 lira.
The price of the authority will go to 3.71 lira from 3.63 lira in Istanbul and 3.74 in Izmir, with an average of 3.66 per cent.
Prices set by painting firms can show small changes, according to companies and cities due to competition and freedom.
Akarfuel distribution companies raised 4 courses on the litre price of the engine on Friday last week.
Galatasayan players in the soul of the Work Force
The Galatassearch and national football players, who hit a period of Turkish football, appeared to be in the soul of FEOIC leader Fetullah Gulen in 1996.
In the footage, said to have been withdrawn in 1996, the footballers who listened to the soul of Fetullah Gulen -- Hakan Ünsal, Mert Korkmaz, Okan Buruk, Arif Erdem, Ismail Demuz, Ugur Tobacco, and Yusuf Tepekule are clearly certain.
In this soul, Gulen spoke of Galatasaray and used "we won 4 goals."
Said Alpsoy, known as the former football imam of the FETIC, also recently presented the SABAH newspaper "Turkey's third in 2002."
Emre, Okan, Hakan Shukature, Hakan Ünsal and Arif have raised money from these prizes.
The meeting was $250,000 or $500,000.
Arif Erdem took the money to Pensilia.
"Later, they made up to Arif," he said.
National football players attend the soul of Gulen!
Emel Dereli farewell to Rio
In the 2016 Rio Olympic Games athletics branch, the national athlete Emel Dereli, who represented Turkey in the women's goal, failed to pass the elements.
Women in the Olympic Storm, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, ended up with women's thoughts.
The last European third, Emel Dereli, has annulled the first about 17.01, the second about 16.86 metres and third in the third.
The national athlete, which took 11th place in the event, won the finals, and has been farewell to the Olympics.
Both the player was both Sportif Director!
Galatasaray Daikin, from the Volleyball Sultanlar League team, extended the contract for the captain, Nihan Guneyligil, and reached an agreement with both the player and the athletic manager.
"We have managed to produce a volleyball career full of a volleyball career, as well as a new duty to Nihan Guneyligil, who has been a key character as well as at least career," he said in a statement.
Nihan, who lived in his first 1st Lig experience with the Bursaspor forum, was later known for the 75th Year, Besiktas, VakifBank Gunar Insurance and Fenerbahce formations, respectively.
Nihan Guneyligil was awarded a Turkish Fair Play awards last season, organised by the Turkish Volleyball Federation (TVF) 2016 TBVL Fair Play and Turkey's National Olympic Committee.
Can Ayvazoglu, the national athlete of the Galatasaray HDI Insurance from Volleyball Efforts Ligi teams, will serve as a athletic manager at the same time in the new season.
"We have made success in the new mandate of the athletic career, as well as the dear Can Ayvazoglu, who is in every continent of Galatasaray, as well as the great character, Can Ayvazoglu," the Sari-breaking club said in a statement.
In Masa tennis, the Chinese job is final!
In the only men of the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese Long Ma won a gold medal.
The table tennis player in Riocentro in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, was disbanded by medals in the only men.
Ma, who defeated citizen Jike Zhang 4-0, won the gold medal.
In the only men where Zhang was competing with the silver medal, Japanese Yun Mizutani, who beat Belaruslu Vladimir Samsonov 4-1 in the third place, won bronze.
Fiji wins first medal in history
Fiji faced Great Britain in the men's fragile final at Deodoro Stname in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Fiji beat the figure 43-7, winning the gold medal.
The bronze medal in the category, where Great Britain was competing with silver medals, was South Africa, which defeated Japan 54-14.
The critical game in the Olympics is Cüneyt Cakir
Cüneyt Cakir, our FIFA comedy judge, will take a duo in the Brazan-Colombia game, which will play in the 2016 Olympics in Brazil.
Bahattin Duran and Tarik Ongun will assume the associates of Cüneyt Cakir.
The fourth judge in the game will be French Clement Turpin.
The match, which will be played at Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo, will begin at 22,00 on local time.
Cüneyt Cakir, located in the UEFA Elit Hakem category, is serving in the international tournament finals for his ninth time in his career.
There are 5,000 policemen in Istanbul!
As part of the assault practice "Yeditepe Huzur," in Istanbul, helicopter control is under way with the participation of 5,000 police in 39 counties.
Istanbul Police Director Dr Mustafa Worblood has been launched in the evening of the city. Several police officers, including fighting narcotic crime, fighting financial crime, fighting terrorism, trafficking and organised crime, special operations, environmental force and traffic teams, are participating.
The individuals who are wanted for controls under the General Information Tarama (GBT) check on suspects are focusing on suspects carrying weapons, bickering, drugs.
Maritime police officers have also supported the practice.
In addition to the ongoing practices in the arbitration station, the woman was also controlled by the GBT questioning, as well as hand bags and governors.
Traffic checks are also being held, and the police helicopter is backed by the air.
The practice has been learning until late hours.
In social media, arrest of coup propaganda!
According to the information, the Isparta Police Directorate's Directorate for Anti-Siber Crime has launched work on the information that Gokhan Okchu was propagated by social media and insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The scrutiny has detained the FEOIC's crackdown on the FETO's blow attempt and cocaine, blow opponents and sharing of the coup, which were organised by the crackdown on President Erdogan.
Okchu, who was transferred to the island after the police proceedings, was arrested.
The vali deputy and skiing were detained in that principle
Ushak Vali Vice-President Halil Ibrahim Ertekin, who was dismissed as part of the administrative investigation launched by the Interior Ministry after the FETIC coup, was detained by police teams in the evening.
The suspects, Ertekin and Bashhan, were taken to the orders.
A very dramatic testimony about the FETIC from Robert Amsterdam!
Robert Amsterdam, an official of the Fetullahist Terror Organisation (FETIC), has been investigating international illegal activities and shared information about how the FETIC organised a article to the US magazine Forbes.
The FEOIC leader, Fetullah Gulen, has directed the organisation of the property in Pensilia, Amsterdam said, adding that Gulen "will be clear that the organisation of about 150 contracts (charter) in the United States is closely equipped with the organisation of the organisation."
Amsterdam stressed that seven months ago it was deployed by Turkey to investigate companies and schools, and stressed that they were "shocking."
Amsterdam said in the article that he was present in the article:
According to reporters, the Gulen organisation has a strict hierarchy where the instructions were communicated.
These instructions usually communicate at face-to-face meetings at Gulen and Poconos.
In Tepede seven people have the management group (consultation group).
This group is transferred to the committee for consulting the instructions.
At the same time, the Talimats go to regional images, images of countries in the country, images in the country, images of the region, images of the neighbourhood, the images of student houses (light houses) and students.
Businessmen, bureaucrats and officers are working at different levels, according to their positions and supporters within the organisation.
Amsterdam, whose organisation has opened 55,000 jobs throughout the world, said it has the largest contract for contracts in the United States, and reported that millions of dollars were paid to these schools each year from taxpayers paid.
Most of these money, Amsterdam wrote, had been directed by members of the organisation, and that he was transferred to "elected" stones.
Amsterdam said this functioning is currently in place:
Magnolia schools in California have been caught up with $700,000 on annual service control over the company, which is connected and shared the same office.
Amsterdam has shown the Dove Science Academy in Oklahoma as another example.
This school, Amsterdam said, has been paying more than $3.1 million from the property owner, and that the management of the school and property owner of the company has been identified as the same people linked to the Gulen.
Amsterdam noted that similar situations in the 46 branded Harmony schools, which kept the largest location in the burden network, have been paid to smaller companies connected to smaller companies, such as software licenses, curriculum allocation.
"These data show that about $28 million of American taxpayers are abused," Amsterdam said, underlining that the FETIC is rich.
"This is the most visible part of what we have found so far," he said.
Amsterdam pointed out that so far that such incidents have not been done to prevent such incidents, the situation was further deteriorating, and that on all this, the Tsas Education Agency began investigating the irregularities.
Amsterdam stressed that schools are operating normal in the footage, but there are no information that many employees are corrupt.
"However, these schools are actually working like a snow machine for Gulen," Amsterdam said.
"Later, the huge amount of money is used for political donations to hide the unlawful activities," he said.
According to a former American teacher who worked in these schools, Amsterdam said that some employees in the Gulen schools had separate meetings, a certain portion of their salaries were transferred to the organisation. "The Gulen members in the Turkish Armed Forces are believed to work in similar functioning."
Darbe providers have strengthened their positions in several years.
"However, the army was able to collect force behind the stage of a parallel force while in a normal manner," he wrote.
Amsterdam concluded the article.
More than 15-16 July and aftermath of policymakers in the United States have a question of interest, and this is expected.
However, the two allies focused on the diplomatic level, while individual state authorities need to comply with the swift violation of US laws in the operations of Gulen.
There are 22 judicial members in Istanbul!
The judges and Prosecutors' High Board (HSYK) were released on 10 August 2016, and were learned from 648 judges and prosecutors in Istanbul, which were investigated for alleged members of the Fethullahist Terror Organisation.
According to the Istanbul Republican Prosecutor's Office on 11 August 2016, 648 judges and prosecutors from HSYK were granted detention and searches in Istanbul.
According to the prosecution, 45 of the judicial members who were searched in house and workplaces have been detained.
The 22 jurisdictions, who were unable to be found on the island, were learned by the company.
It was learned that they will be able to catch up about these judicial members.
Of the 45 suspects detained, 18 were reportedly transferred to the Sulh Penal Judge, demanding that they were arrested after their testimony in the prosecution.
The searches of 22 judges and prosecutors who cannot be found in the island continue.
11 people were detained in Konya!
Efforts are under way for the arrest of persons who were given to the investigation.
This scope was detained by 1 teacher and 1 teacher who worked at Eregli Municipality and working at the Special Merve Sahika School.
The suspects, who had been passed from health control at Eregli State Hospital, were taken to the Directorate of Eguest Police.
The ban on the street in Diyarbakir has been lifted!
In a statement, Valilikten said the operation was organised in the mountainous and forest site in the north of Lice, Silvan and Kulp, including the ineffective terrorists and business units, including senior organisation executives, to address shelter, accommodation and depot areas.
Silvan's Dolaplidere and Dtrecs, Lice's Storm, Kijesöy, Dalana, Tproduced and Kutlu, said that Kulp's ban on the street in the villages of Demirli, Kamuzli, Cukurca, Bayirkoy, Temren and Tashbridge, in the villages of Cukurca, Cukurca, Temren and Tashbridge, are currently in place.
The decision to ban the public's security with lives and the provisions of the 5442 Il Administration Code, which will not harm civilian citizens, was removed from 9 August to 05.00 to be removed from 16.00 today, in an effort to undermine civil citizens.
The statement thanked citizens for complying with the ban on ensuring the safety of lives and goods.
The passenger bus took over in Skopje!
According to the information, the 334 ZP 5568 plaque passenger bus, led by a bus firm in Harem Sahil, was taken out of control due to the rains of 5568 plates.
Instead of a tip, police, health and firefighters were transferred.
Passengers from the bybed bus were removed from the tool as a result of the work of firefighters.
The 3 passenger ambulances, who were injured in the incident, were removed from Haydarpasha Numune Education and Research Hospital.
The road, which was closed due to the accident, opened to transport following the lifting of the damaged vehicle.
The General Staff in NATO has been arrested from Albay FETIC!
He has been arrested in Izmir's decision to arrest the Fetullahist Terror Organisation / Paralel State Construction (FETIC / PDY), and was arrested in Ankara for Colonel Ozkan, the General Staff of the Anti-Terrorism Centre, which was detained in Ankara.
Izmir Republican Chief Prosecutor Okan Bato has been detained in Ankara for the second leg of the investigation of "FETIC / PDI in the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK)." He was detained in Ankara and brought to Izmir.
The Izmir Police Directorate has been transferred from health control after transactions in the Anti-Organised Crime of Organised Crime, and was transferred to the island.
Following the prosecution's testimony, he was arrested on charges of "a member of the terrorist organisation" and "operating on behalf of the organisation."
Ceausoglu's Zekeriya Oz announces
"This information is not right now," he said, referring to his claims that Zekeriya Oz and Adil Oksh were captured in Georgia.
But changes are coming.
All of them are assessed.
We are in close contact with Georgian officials.
"Any default, information, neglect, is being assessed," he said.
Asked whether they could be in Georgia, he said, "Zekeriya Oz had previously fled to Georgia."
It was detected in cameras at the customs door.
He has the knowledge that he goes to Europe.
Every knowledge that comes to us is not just for this two, but we are studying every information on other fugitives, we are following.
If they escape, we will continue the escape, "he said.
Asked about his meeting with his Iranian counterpart, Cevad Zarif, he said "bilateral issues have been assessed."
Turkey has a lot of issues between Iran.
We are the political, commercial, transport, energy, the fight against terrorism.
There are regional issues.
Syrian, Iraq, Yemen, Gulf Region, especially Syria.
Turkey and Iran could play an important role in resolving problems in the geography.
We agree on a lot.
We agree on many issues, such as the territorial integrity of Syria, the border integrity and the cleaning of DAEAS and other terrorist organisations in Syria.
We had changed ideas about Assad.
But we will continue to speak, as they always have.
The diagnosis is both ideas on the continuation of the Geneva negotiations.
There is no meaning as long as it does not yield results.
"It's important to get results," he said.
Asked when Turkish planes will join the operations in Syria, he said, "Our delegation went to Moscow."
"We are intended to establish these mechanisms, especially in the fight against DAEAS, and any incident is co-ordinated in order to avoid an accident," he said.
Asked to buy gas with Iran, he said, "Iran and Turkey are two brothers."
I should not decide, and I can agree on this on our own.
There was a methodology.
We should be able to do these agreements without going to Tahcheme.
"We have their demands on prices, prices," he said.
Asked about the return of Gulen's extradition to America, he said, "A delegation from America will come in 22."
The meetings will take place on August 23-24.
Our Justice Department is preparing the files.
If it would be ready, it will be balanced after coming visits from the United States.
"We are going to Washington with our Justice Minister, and we will discuss both files," he said.
The senior PKK was caught in Istanbul!
A senior PKK administrator was captured with a successful operation in Istanbul.
The Istanbul Police Directorate seized the Rakip Assistance, which is among the senior executives of the organisation, and the Cigerhun kod at the 'gri lira, which was awarded 300,000 lira per capita.
As a result of the operation carried out by the Istanbul Directorate of Anti-Terrorism, the Rakip Assistance, which was arrested at a island in Baghdad, brought to the police settlement in Vatan and questioned at the Directorate of Anti-Terrorism.
As he was known, the key name of the terrorist group, Bahoz Erdal, was killed by the assassination of the Tel Hamis Brigade in Syria on July 9th.
Iranian Foreign Minister Gazi in Parliament!
He arrived in TBMM with counterpart Zarif.
Cavusoglu and Zarif examined the damage from Seref Holy, and later joined the Prime Minister Ofisi and examined the damage.
After his visit, Zarif said:
The appearance of the Turkish people on the streets is once again that the Turkish people and the people of the people are above all forces.
The Iranian Islamic Republic condemned the crackdown starting in the first hours of the coup attempt, and in the same way, it has been with the Turkish people and his government, and has always been such.
My trip to the Turkish Parliament today is a symbol of the Turkish people, and that we are in the hands of Turkish democracy.
The 13-member family caught with the bottom of the bottom
The coastal security teams, who have been patrolled in the flooding, operational the illegal immigrant group, which opened in the morning to flee Greece's Midilli Island.
It determined that 13 fugitives belonged to the same family.
Family reisi Seydo Ali Ahmet said he had applied for this path to go to the fire of his wife and 11 children and his other son in Germany.
Organisers said they wanted to give the man $700 and then travel to Germany and then to Germany, and said they fled to Turkey to be killed by ISID soldiers because they were living in the Iraqi city of Sengal and that they were Yezidi.
The illegal immigrants, who say they have a family owned by themselves in Iraq, said that their jobs were disrupted with the arrival of ISID in German, English, Spanish, Arabic and French, and that their only desire is to go to the burden of his son in Germany.
Faytonu made the car of the arrival
The pair of the editor have attracted great interest by a different convoy from the traditional wedding convoys.
The pair, who competed with horse cars, preferred a benefit as the car's car.
The pair, which competed with about 10 at ten cars from the worker's team, attracted the great interest of citizens.
The convoy, which took a tour in the city centre, later went to the wedding house.
Bombaci was caught in her husband
According to the information, Mehmet Ali Y., 41, was the wife of his wife, Kadriye Y., who left the house about 9 months ago and left his house with her child.
Unemployed Mehmet Ali Y. came in front of the house in the Ulus Mahallesi, where his wife, with his wife, filled with crops such as his own and inquiry, fill and mines.
Mehmet Ali Y., who had a time in connection with the threats, blasted the bomb in front of the house in front of the house.
After the explosion, environmental residents experienced great fear and panic, while the ticket and fragile pieces of the explosive were damaged by a mosque.
Mehmet Ali Y., who fled after the incident, searched the police in the Yavuzselim Mahallesi, as well as the citizens of the citizens suspected of circulating.
Mehmet Ali Y., who enjoyed the Research Bureau of the Internal Police Directorate, which followed him, began to escape.
He entered the yard of a house on the Ayna Soknetwork.
With children reporting, police were sceptical of long prayer weapons.
He surrendered.
The boss of Mehmet Ali Y. was called for a bomb destruction expert.
Clashes from the Cantas have made materials such as gas, play, mines, bant, grandnavy, machinery and zinc.
Mehmet Ali Y. was taken to the police centre, while the incident takes place.
Red Campaign launches Campaign Campaign
The Red Campaign, which organises the Kurban Final Campaign, in line with the initiative, addresses the slogan "The Challenge of Kurban," at this year's Day.
"The victims are in line with their goal and transformed into the concessions," said Red Cross President Dr Kerem Kinik.
"The rules of Kurban are distributed in healthy need for the year," he said.
The Red Cross said the donor fee was 475 lira, except for 740 lira home in home.
The Cuban Campaign Campaign, which is traditionally a traditional and ninth of the Red Cross, continues this year.
The Red Cross, which does not isolate the needs of the world and our country, will again reach the table of the hundreds of thousands of distinguished sculptures, which can again be put in place.
Dr Kerem Kinik, head of the Red Cross, who recognizes the donor campaign to the media, said that Kurban Day has launched a big mobilization for what the acquittal and his neutrality will be in the world. "It is being transformed into a hijinnovical manner."
"Thanks to this method, the victims can be consumed by a healthy need for the year," he said.
According to Islamic procedures, the DVD sending DVD sending DVD to the Red Cross, "The Red Model in the Kurban," can easily meet the Kurban worship, its goal and the rules.
Thanks to the contemporary model, the victims were chosen by the veterinary of the Et and Sut Corporation, reading the names of the institution's modern committees, which will be cut in the first three days of Kurban Day.
In accordance with Islamic requirements, clerics, veterineries and ratings will also be ready.
The recruitment from the rules of the Kurban will become a cannabis and will be held to 800 grams of tennis.
Kavurma guards will be distributed to the needs for the year through Red Cross branches.
After the Kurban era, the Red Cross will send a DVDs to a celebration conversation and the process, with a number of thanks to the owner of each client.
In 30 countries, the sacrifice of the victim does not recognise the Red Cross, while Kurban factors will be reached to the poor around the world this year, as it is every year.
The previous victim will be carried out in about 30 countries, Dr Kinik said, adding that in the Balkans, 7, South Asia and the Caucasus will be held in 4 countries and 4 in the Middle East.
"The fees for our citizens who will be given to the Turkish Red Cross have been set at 475 lira, except at home in home," he said, citing a 50 per cent increase in domestic activities this year.
We targeted to do in the 5 committees belonging to the Et and Sut Institution in Turkey.
In Turkey, we are carrying out the necessary Islamist conditions in Turkey and abroad, and we are carrying out the procedures proposed by Dianet.
"We will be able to carry out the rules of Kurban and carry out the need for a needed table for 18 months," he said.
Citizens who want to live before reaching the real needs of the 168 Center Center will be able to live on the real need of the Kingdom, the Red Cross, the Turkish Red Cross, the Red Cross's Ceki account in the PTT branches, the 168 free call centre and its clients using the www.kizilay.org.tr internet address.
The client owners, who will take place through credit card, could also take advantage of the installment.
Our citizens abroad, who want to give their deputies to the Red Cross, will be able to pay online payments using the link through the Red Cross.
At the same time, the 0090 312 458 30 00 will be able to pay a free consulting and donor line from the Red Cross, and will be able to pay the palace price with an international credit card.
Our citizens will also be able to pay the caretaker price of the Ziraat Banks in Germany with the Red Campaign sample.
The stamp in Konya
The incident took place today at the Ottomic Mahallesi, which was before the Women's Principle.
According to the indictment, Huseyin Ayhan, who opened the vacancy case a week ago, went to the fire of his wife Fatma Aka, who was in his father's home to speak.
Huseyin Aka, who began debating with their homes after a time, opened fire on his wife, Fatma Ayhan, skiing Haci Ibrahim Aka and his sky, Cennet Aka.
Fatma Ayhan and his father, Haci Ibrahim Aka, died at the scene, while his mother, Cennet Aka, was injured in the scene, while his mother, Cennet Aka, was removed from the Women's State Hospital.
Jandarma began working for the capture of Huseyin Ayhan, who fled with his car after the incident.
Huseyin Ayhan was learned to be a distance sentence.
The Ayhan farm had two children in 13 and 10 years old.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge in an accident
According to the information, the incident occurred at 14.00 per hour in the entrance of the TEM Highway, Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge.
The 34 PK 060 plate truck, led by Abdullah Sanver, hit a truck with a truck of 16 VK 077 plates.
In the accident, Abdullah Sanver was frequent in the driver neighbourhood.
Instead of the neglect of citizens who saw the accident, firefighters, police and health teams were transferred.
The firefighter teams, instead of the incident, have made intense efforts to save Sanver from the ground.
Sanver, who died during the work of the Itinterest teams, was found to have fled in the paint.
Sanver, who was saved from the ground as a result of the bloc's work, moved to the sedge and was taken to the Oksquare to the Education and Research Hospital.
The road, which was closed due to the accident, caused traffic concentration.
The removal of the vehicles and TEM traffic also returned to normal.
The two children, who were hit by automobiles, carried the bagagus as "unpolluted."
The accident happened around the Kahta-Siverek road Narinje village previous day.
The 34 KS, led by Mehmet K., was the bicycle used by the 6809 plate car and Mustafa O. (14).
Mustafa O. and Huseyin O. (13), in cycling, were seriously injured.
The automotive driver was taken to the Barinje village of Acil in the village of Narinje, putting the injured children to the bagagine of the car.
Two children were transferred to the Kahta State Hospital with ambulances.
From the judges, Huseyin O. is struggling to live in intensive care.
Their children were bagaged to rent their seats
"We will go to visit with friends," Mustafa O. said.
We have got the bottles.
The village of Karadut, the village of Uzeyir Peygma, was hit by car near trafo in the forest.
The impact of the crackdown has been broken.
The driver first took my friend and bagaja.
Later, he took me and put me on the bagagine of the car.
When they put Bagaja, I was among my elim bagaj door.
I was connected.
The driver, who heard my voice, was the bagaj door.
I also corrected my hands.
Bagaj closed the door again and took us to the village of Narinje.
"They also removed us with ambulances to Kahta State Hospital," he said.
The driver, who was not a complaint before the family of the judges, had complained that he had brought children in bagagine.
"I was in Kahta when I won the accident."
I learned to me that my husband had an accident with my grandfather.
I went to the Hemen Kahta State Hospital.
They have made my best.
He also brought his grandfather 15 minutes later.
The Gerger Karakol Commander.
Muhtar told the complaint.
I would be everywhere in the accident.
I was not a complaint.
I was later looking for the car to go to my wife and grandfather.
There is a lot of blood in Bagajda.
If we learned then, they put both wounded to the bagagine of the car and bring it to the hospital.
My grandfather put the grandfather at the base and put the bagaja.
And I did not put it to the bagaja.
But the arka seats of the car are clean.
"This cannot happen," he said.
"The driver, who hit the children, brought the wounded here," said Mehmet Kaya, a resident of Narinje Village.
The children, or injuries, have unearthed the car of the car.
"It has done what it should not be done," he said.
"What is the citizens who hit these children?"
It may be accident, but it can be paid in the accident.
But it is a good event to keep injuries and take the car to hospital in the bagagine.
We are taxed by the end of this job.
One of those children criticises the death.
The situation is severe.
From Narinje to Kahta, it brings injuries in the bagagine of the car.
A version of the Allah document.
Such a vigorous phenomenon is no more.
Our device is burning.
We will be painful and we will not leave that job.
"We want to be punished in the most severe way," he said.
He built in Kendine
Renowned architect Richart Sowa spent the last 8 years of his life by building a ecological funeral.
He is living with a former model, Jodi Bowlin, who was known for his own life in Facebook, where he was built in Facebook, where he built 150,000 plastic bottles.
The island of Richart was comprised of plastic bottles of plastic bottles, palets and candles.
There are two catastrophic houses; 2 banks, a jakuzi, 3 dues, a kitchen and wireless internet connection.
It includes palm trees, mangroves, fruit trees, defeat other plants, hotels.
The island, which depends on the coast with a 30m-long cordonor, produces its electricity, water and internet.
"I am afraid and I add a lot of vegetables on the island," Sowa said.
I should not go to the small markets nearby to reach other food.
"I also have an 8-member salesman I have done from plastic bottles," he said.
The Galaxy Note was announced stronger models without taking 7 sales!
Samsung officially approved the 6GB RAM and 128GB week model of the Galaxy Note 7 last day.
Earlier this month, Samsung announced the new high love phone Galaxy Note 7.
The Galaxy Note 7, which has the ambitious features, was actually expected with 6GB RAM, but was promoted as 4GB RAM.
The Galaxy Note 7, which exceeded expectations with first preliminary orders figures, will also be on the market, with the expected 6GB RAM model.
In the capital of South Korea last day, Samsung Mobil chief Koh Dong-jin officially announced plans to offer 6GB RAM and 128GB weekly Galaxy Note 7 model markets.
Meanwhile, according to the reports of The Korea Herald, the Galaxy Note 7 is a 6GB RAM and the 128GB weekly model will only be special to China.
The sale of this special model in other areas is not planned for the moment.
New Yamaha Tracer 700 with new routes!
Tracer, who is a fixed gear and unforgettable moments, are short journey to close to the near weekend, or a long period of continental tours...
The new Yamaha Tracer, which minimises all the difficult conditions for the Motosiklet driver, has been perfect for 700, design and technically perfect, while a full long road tool with an emotional and seasonal driving experience....
To explore a other world, it is focusing on motorcycle throughout Europe to find new and forgotten memories and enjoy the fun of every virus.
Seeking to expand the doors of this free world, the number of motorcycles that want to expand their horses, and the number of motorcycle passages each day, is in line with the appropriate cost, access and exciting models of the Sport Tourer series.
The new Yamaha Tracer 700, which creates commitment, was developed from a highly successful MT-07 platform.
The model, developed by strengthening and reviving the current Sport Tourer series, faces intense interest in new generation motorcycle passages.
The new Tracer, which has many impressive features with Cesur and its autonomous design, is in a high level of the Sport Tourer class, with a slight, ease, rapid and fun structure, design and functionality.
Tracer 700, which provides a miracle performance with the Central coin Sport Tourer segment and provides a miracle performance with standard features, remains a big success of this segment.
The new Tracer 700 is an exciting new period in the new Tracer 700, Sport Tourer category, with a sport concentration, long-distance performance, dynamic and attractive outlook.
Major Tracer 700 is ready to overcome every situation with its rich engine and surroundings in terms of grandfather.
This new athletic mediator has a large number of features that reveal the potential of genuine motorcycle with the screening of special improvements in motorcycle, shadow and supervisory.
Upon savings, 689cc, along with a pair of silent engines, have a high capacity of 17 litres of fuel, which can lead to a long distance between the gas stations of Tracer 700.
The new Tracer 700 committees and light bottles were developed from the MT-07 platform, which collects the big baby.
This minimalist design has won rapidly, thanks to the translation and rapid response feature.
The leader of the border, 196kg, is ready to excitement the driver in every transformation.
With the execution of various Orijinal Yamaha accesses, a serious long distance of distance can be transformed into the motorcycle.
The colour alternatives that make the bill more attractive are radical Red, Tech Black, Yamaha Blue...
This new model, which provides the return of Motosiklet passages to the market, is mainly attributed to its users to the roads.
The new Tracer, which will go on sale in Turkey and on sale in Turkey, is the new excitement of the Mediterranean, which leads to the viragic mountains of the Black Sea, or for the adventure and adversal routes of Europe or Africa.
Hakan Shuki and his father were confiscated for 200 million assets
The Sakarya Republican Prosecutor's Office decided in detention for Selmet Shuki, a father who was contractors in Sakarya, as part of the FETIC investigation.
The United States and his father, Selmet Shuki, and his father, Selmet Shuki, were searched at homes in Istanbul.
Selmet could not be found despite the searches.
Police have taken action after Selmet Shuki was found on Friday prayer at the Salko Mosque, based on Adapazari Sakarya Street.
The teams that went to the mosque wait for the Friday prayer.
After the end of the coin, Selmet Shuki policemen lifted their footage to the air.
Selmet, who was decided to catch up, was taken to the police vehicle to the Police Directorate.
Gokhan Shuki was followed by his father's car, followed by the Police Directorate.
The Sakarya Republican Prosecutor's Office determined that Hakan Shuki and his father Selmet Shuki provided financial support to the FEOIC.
Regarding the prosecution's application, the Nöbetci Sulh Criminal Judge, Hakan Shuki and his father, Selmet Shuki, have decided to provide access to land transport vehicles, banks or other financial institutions, real or innocent marriages, reciprocal marriages, rental tapes, and other property assets.
The court's decision was notified in the day of the temple managers, the director of the police and the tax agencies.
The first research by Hakan Shuki and his father, Selmet Shuki, has been determined that they are real estate.
The judge and his father, Sakarya, Antalya, Bodrum, Istanbul Bakirkoy, Besiktas, Besiktmece, Adapazari and Sapanca, have been identified as the site of the building in Kaka.
Selmet Shuki was determined to sanction luxury villas on 10 returns in the Sakarya district of Serdivan.
The Hakan Shuki was also set up in downtown Adapazari, including a magazine closed by tax inspectors from the Finance Ministry Tax Control Board of Sakarya Group Chairmanship.
The value of all assets of the Hakan and father Selmet Shuki is about 200 million lira.
Firari police chief caught in Zaho
The 3rd class Police Director, Ahmet Duran Bitmez, of the Batman Il Police Directorate, was suspended under an investigation into the FETIC coup initiative.
Bitmez was also determined to have the decision to catch up.
The study, conducted by the Il Police Directorate teams, was identified as Bitmez fled to the Iraqi city of Zaho.
Bitmez was captured by a joint operation by the two countries' security forces.
Bitmez, brought to Turkey, was detained in Batman.
Bitmez was transferred to the island after their orders.
Security forces stand on suspicion that Bitmez has fled the north of Iraq to participate in PKK camps.
The children's habit of this habit
Domestic, Dr Bilgin Giray, said that the children were relieved with this welfare, making it a need for the kidnapping, because they cannot make a breakthrough in the first age.
"It is a phenomenon that is seen as much as 3-4, starting from my birth."
Most of the babies are embraced.
To satisfy the need for a baby, he is embracing his money to address and disturb the annex after the age of 1-1.5.
"The moment can be tightened and embraced, when it comes to a bit of time, when it comes to thoughts, and when the memorial is separated," he said.
Mr Bilgin Giray, who emphasised the lack of incompetence in the anne-child relationship and the lack of confidence in the child's sense of confidence in the age of the children, said the behaviour of this behaviour has been influenced by the dental health.
It has a negative effect in shaping the dental structure of the child.
As a result of the pressure on the Emme escape, the anxiety is driven by the worries, while the worries are strained.
That leads to the balance of the subscription, the balance of stamp and dental structure.
The physical reflection of this would be the discovery of speech and the closure of the closing of the closure.
Dr Giray, who noted that a much more complicated treatment process could be achieved if the early solution is not found, is that a much more complicated treatment process can be achieved. "We can protect our children from closing and screening problems without completion."
"This is why we need to be kept under control, such as teenagers and occupation checks of children today," he said.
The new sole in the close view: Trifokal Lensler
The post-Katarakt treatment does not want to use the disease as natural.
There are already very focused wonders since long years to solve this problem in our patients.
In recent times, it has taken a step forward with tripocal enthusiasts and the success of treatment in this area.
The difference from the Trifokal lends is not only a distance or close distance, but also a clear view of the distances defined as distance.
Uzak, close or ara distance disruptions
The distance in disruptions represents a point that we use very frequently in our daily life.
For example, the indicator of the cars is the distance of the distance, which we have kept in our clothing, or the distance that we identify as a kingdom of 60-70 cm.
Thanks to the distance of the Trifokal lenders, they do not need to use any kind of observation as soon as the patients are close or distinguished.
Another advantage, provided by Trifokal wonders, is also reducing their night complaints.
"It does not have a difference from the normal catastrophic treatment of the trifocal lending treatment for every distance treatment," says Mr Volkan Hürmeric.
Our patients we have implemented the Trifokal treatment are comfortable with a 7 to 10 minute procedure.
And the following day, our patients can return to their normal lives.
In particular, it is an operation that has increased the quality of life for people who are using computer use, loving the reading and more active life.
In addition, you can apply to the expertise of teenagers to learn whether this procedure, which has filled 18 years old, is also appropriate for you.
Varisli stamp cannot be used in heart surgery!
Varis is a growing disease in recent years.
Genetic is a priority, and long work hours, things that have the obligation to stand for a long time, and a long period of sitting will have increased match-fixing.
Are they used in heart surgeries?
We have Varnames, and what do you have a heart attack, and the questions are often wonderful by people.
It is the answers of these questions.
There are two types of collections in the future:
There are deep collections for the main crossroads, which are buried by rented degrees, and that we will get the main rented wing of the bleak.
They are called deep femoral ven and swimel femoral ven.
The problems in these collections are rarely visible, stamped in diseases, and pharmaceutical treatments are being implemented to keep these stamps open.
We have a swimming collections system that we are leading to the slew of dirty crews and a unified subsidiary with deep collections.
This system consists of two major and two small phases.
In four of these stamps, talent and presence can develop.
The collections that can be used in heart surgeries are for centuries of swimmer collections, which are the big phase.
The absence of these stamps has no damage, and therefore they can be used in heart surgeries.
However, the stamps must be healthy because they can be used in heart surgery.
It is a heart, a very important body.
The burning of the Varisli stamps with surgery or labor in the ground is to be burned, and the deep collections also reduce the burden of business and ensure that it will be more healthy.
A wrong belief among the public is that the stamps can be used as reserve.
Varisli stamps never and will never be used in heart surgeries!
There are other stamps that can be used in heart surgeries.
The reserve stamp systems that can be used in the heart surgery; under the lake café, are around the middle and are located around the middle.
So it is not to wait to use the wealth for heart, and to worry about it.
Radioji Space Dr Rengin Turkgular
From Ozbek to the Super Cup, a meaningful message
Dursun Ozbek, president of the Galatasaray Sports Club, issued a statement ahead of the Super Cup Final, which will be played between Galatasaray and Besiktas.
At the same time, Dursun Ozbek noted the unity and timeframe in Turkish football:
Galatasaray and Besiktas, two roots in Turkish sports, will face the Super Cup at the Buyukcity Torku Arena on Saturday (August 13th).
This game is neither the first, nor the last game in the competition, which is behind us in two beauty clubs.
But it is a very vital match as timing.
As we all know, our country took a big badire on 15 July night.
The crackdown on the Fetullahist Terror Organisation / Paralel State Construction (FETIC / PDI), which has been overwhelming to our democracy, has been undertaken thanks to the unity and draw of all parts of the community.
At that night, we paid heavy costs as a nation.
We gave the City.
We have a lot of veterans.
This painful price reminded us once again that the demolition of democracy is the necessity and the importance of the fact that it is not a fight against them.
Representatives of the Turkish sport, then the only voice, opposed the coup as the only one, but it was along with democracy.
In these critical days, we need more than every time in the unifying feature of the sport.
I wish the window of our valuable opponent, Sulejman Seba, to the 2nd Vefat anniversary and the start of the new football season, named by legend captain Turgay Shen, and the start match of the peace environment in Turkish sports.
Whatever the Galatasaray and Besiktas fans will play in front of the trips that will share in the semi-half, I think the winner will be our country and Turkish sport.
Derbide 339th rankings - Sports reports
The Turkcell Super Cup match, which brought together the Sports Toto Super Lig and the Summit Turkey Cup championship, will fight against Besiktas and Galatasaray to be the largest of this season in Konya in 20.45.
He and Galatasaray have been facing 338 times so far in the 92-year landslide competition and ebeven friendship.
In these matches, they won 1120 times, while black-and-whisters defeated his rival 107 times.
In 111 matches, rivals failed to take part.
In these matches, the 477 goals of Galatasaray gave Besiktas 444 goals.
The first of the Super Cup adventure, which began at Commerzbank Arena on July 30th 2006, began between Besiktas and Galatasaray.
In this game, black-and-whisters took the cup with the goal made by Mert Nobre in the 60th minute.
In the history of the 10-year Super Cup, he did not play the cup in 2011.
In the remaining 9 years, the most finalist played Galatasaray with 6 times.
In these matches, shake-breaks have shown the success of taking 4 times to the Super Cup.
Besiktas, who played the final 3 times, received the cup 1 times.
In Kartal, "Cicek" crisis - Sports reports
Seref Cicek, one of the assistant coach of the Technical Director Shenol Gunar, has been learned that the dump has not been made.
The incident, which triggered the director, said Cicek did not bear the salary hike in him and reacted because he did not attend the idle.
Management has been expected to hold the attitude of Shenol Gunar to intervene.
The dreams of Mario Gomez were destroyed!
Fiorentina Sportif Director Pataleo Corvino made statements about the golden players Mario Gomez and Khouma Babacar.
"We will not send Gomez and Babacar without bonds."
We will work to achieve revenue.
We target at least 15m euros from the sale of the two players.
"However, it will not be easy," he said.
Rihanna at the fate of popular film
Ocean's, the most important film series in Hollywood, will again face popular figures.
In the new people of the exhibition, the fate was also attended by the world-renowned Barbadoslu singer Rihanna, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling and Helena Bohnam Carter, while Sandra Bullock and Kate Blanchett were finalised in the coming days.
The Czechs start 2 months later
The film is scheduled to start in New York in bread with the fate of Ocean's Eleven, composed of unchanged female players.
Steven Sodenbergh, who was also known for the film's artificial film, will take over the film, while Gary Ross, who wrote the film screen with Olivia Milch, will sit.
Scot Callum Skinner flies home while underlining Britania
The Great Britain Team trio won the title from 2012 London, while Scotland Callum Skinner ran a night victory in the men's race at the Rio race pistol.
Glasgowlu, 23-year-old competitor, was the leading task for Scotland Steur Chris Hoy, and this young man was proud of the legend who returned to his home with his new Zealand clothes.
In the event, four years ago, when Hoy received five of the six Olympic sixths, Britain won a shock victory.
And although Hoy was retired, they finished sixth at the Winter World Championships in London in March, reiterating it.
The problem between Beijing and London was the change of expert start player Jamie.
They made it at the moment when the Hindes emerged.
The retirement of Hoy was also a vacuum where Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Scot has now seen its potential to carry out, and Britanian trains did not give up Skinner.
Hindes, who was champion with Hoy four years ago, reset the Olympic record in a tour of Kenny and Skinner, but in the first round, New Zealand redetermined this record.
And the Britanian trio broke out for gold.
Although Hindes was slightly behind in his own round, the Kenny team put forward, and Skinner was based on it.
Hindes used a bigger tool to slow down him, and a large part of the transformation that enabled Skinner to keep the tempo was a change of strategy.
Hoy was watched as a specialist commentator of the BBC, followed by Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they came to the podyuma.
Glasgowlu, 23, said: "This is an honour comparison."
I just are here to do the best of the arrival and announce my name.
We broke the Olympic record and beat the world champions.
It was really unbelievable.
It cannot be a better way to win it.
Hindes admitted to the pistol after a bad start after winning victory with Kenny and Hoy in London 2012.
Later, he reacted to that comment and there was no method for the Britania to demand from his rivals.
This time, there was no such problem for an incredible victory.
Hindes said: "Together with all the Great Britain flags in Stantta, we were going to go in London."
We are a team that was founded just three months ago.
For that reason we have lost too many world races, it is really incredible to win in the Olympics.
This is just one event for a nation that won seven of the 10 races in Beijing and London, and a medal.
The measurement of the progress we have shown in this past five months is expecting us five days to succeed in the race pistol.
The position of Kenny's position is that Hoy's dream of winning three gold gains in a single Olympics is not too impossible.
This will mean that Kenny, who is more than 12 years old from Hoy, was also born on March 23rd (at the same time, the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister.
That is to say the same love with Hoy.
Kenny will go to the sprint race after that; the race will start today and will last three days.
Boltonlu, 28, said: "For now, I only enjoy this.
Team events are the best events.
You can win together with your friends.
If you need to be honest, they feel alone.
Hindes said: "If two gold medals win, he should be given the title to the praise."
There are many good news for Britain, though this is only the event of this article.
Sör Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull four men completed the rankings in the fourkm team race.
Pisti finished at 3: 51,943.
The world record set for gold medals in London 2012 is 3: 51,659.
The first round and final (22: 42) will be determined in the second section today, and it is clear that Wiggins will withdraw on all attention.
Ahead of the roundtable, officials were at odds with the officials when he urged him to gauge his boyfriend.
In the event, which will continue and complete, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker, and Katie Archibald from Milngavie reached the world record for 4: 13.260.
The Great Britain Team is assisting the strong cycling team to address the reins during the middle of the Olympic Games and win many medals.
After a large rule of rule in Beijing and London, expectations were quite reduced in Rio.
The Arka plan had a lot of bad development, including coach Shane Sutton's resignation in April due to gender and challenging charges, and the retirement of key figures such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, the first night after the pistol races, the epic reputation to finish Great Britain will be reproven this time.
Energy contract annuls the future of Portland izabe ocean
The future of the Portland aluminium watchdog in Victoria and the work of hundreds of workers have fallen to uncertainty after one of the facilities for a supply contract that would lead to the cancellation of all supply contracts for the energy company that provides energy.
The move emerged after a decision earlier this year that the Victoria government did not exceed subsidies to continue working on the facility.
The 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
By 2000, in the Portland facility of Alcoa, business could be at risk.
Any capturing transaction could lead to a direct or indirect risk of up to 2000.
And an additional chain effects could be composed, as the surveillance husband Victoria has exhausted about 10 per cent of its electricity.
In 2014, Alcoa Point Henry closed her husband, and that led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
The Portland watch facility of Alcoa is losing money and faces the door risk.
These developments have emerged after a few years of speculation for the future of the facility and the future of the facility, initially based on the consumption fee of the facility.
The AGL, which provides energy from the Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, a large aluminium watchdog, said he expects to move to fester contracts for the other three owners.
A large majority of the facility belongs to the joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, and China's CITIC, Japan's Marubeni Corp companies have smaller shares.
"The AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to work; this means the physical electricity demand will continue," he said.
The contracts are "risk balancing contracts" that should take effect from November 2016, AGL said.
The contracts will be completed in 2017 because of a 12-month fesh period.
"For this reason, AGL will continue to expect contracts to contribute to the 2017 fiscal year," the energy company said.
The effects that AGL could face in 2018 Financial Year and post-potential gains are under way, with a strong long-term contract hearing for electricity prices.
The AGL said the value of its contracts in calculations, due to "feshin," has already fallen by $187 million.
Alcoa said the decision to terminate contracts "does not affect the ability of Alcoa to provide the accessible husband or the ability to provide electricity supply."
The US company signed a 20-year contract in 2010; this contract was supposed to take effect in November this year but has yet to explain why it was not withdrawn from this contract.
Analysts are triggering the possibility of closing the Tomago facility in both Victoria and the Tomago facility near Newcastle, due to economic woes in the sector.
OSCE operations chief Stephen Mikkels, who responded to analysts at the beginning of this week, said Portland used about 600 megawatt, Tomago, also using 900 megawatt energy each year.
If both of these facilities are withdrawn from the market, there will be a depreciation of the demand in the [power] market.
And as a manufacturer, this is not a good development for us, "he said.
Not only the star of the Kardashian TV program; Kendall is on the captain of Vogue in September
Kendall Jenner (20), the fourth daughter of Model and the director of the Kardashian-Jenner group of Kardashian-Jenner, is at the door of September, when the US Vogue is expected to take four eyes.
Kendall, who is a Estee Lauder brand envoy, and a boy in Milan, Paris and New York fashion weeks, announced this news from the Instagram account on Thursday.
"I treated this door in a room with people I love," Kendall wrote.
Following the discovery of the network, the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (in the bar, Keeping Up with the Kardashians programme) was published in the garden (or only Keeping Up with the Kardashians programme). The family forgotten a realite video; the family, which forgotten the door of the video sisters, was later prepared for a classic final: a surprise party was actually prepared.
Although these almost all the children's TV programs are a sleeper of every "birthday," a cartoon cartoon (Seacrest morning) was sincere with the sincerity of a cartoon chicken. "Why do you forget," Kris said, adding that the other girls had to be included in this promotion.
We are certain that Vogue is entering a new Kardashian era with this development in September.
The ablishment of Kendall, Kim, was able to pass it to the Vogue captain, and his wife, Kanye West, was shared with his wife, Kanye West, in April 2014, but the magazine's September captain is a success.
The number of Vogue has been the most selling number of the year.
With the heart of many advertising from a fashion magazine, many advertisements have attracted the attention of many advertisements (Fashionista), detecting advertising content in 615 of the 832-page cildplace last year.
The opening of the Kapak star is also closely monitored; the pictures of the magazine last two years are leaked ahead of an official announcement.
Women who were previously listed on the door are Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, it is part of "famous models" of "famous models" in the door.
Oscar winner Dior envoy Jennifer Lawrence was on the door in 2013, and the next year, this honour was mentioned to Lady Gaga.
However, even if Bayan Jenner, who has been described as a "parenting model" by the magazine, could be said to be very good, even if it was taken to the previous category.
These celebrities are not young people who know about the relatives or realite shov stars or good Snapchat videos.
All of them are women in the entertainment sector, which are legitimate.
At the door of last year, Beyonce spent one of the best time of his career with the appearance of Lemonade.
Of course, everyone is not happy with the success of Jenner.
Due to the Realite shov history, the position in the fashion world of Jenner will always be uncomfortable.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model, Stephanie Seymour, criticised Jenner and his colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "then-festivities."
When Jenner reported reports that Vogue would come out of the door, it was again on the water face.
However, it seems not to focus on dissatisfaction.
Kendall Jenner is at the captain of Vogue on September.
It is a supermodel with the full meaning of my husband.
It goes to the defenses of Marc Jacobs.
Size Estee Lauder takes the fund.
He, along with his sisters, sells their own pictures in payment duo practices.
Cindy Crawford, who pulls photos, sells the pictures of his daughter to LOVE magazine.
And in empty times, perhaps only the realite shoves on television to see his brother Kourtney and their children.
Social legal support centres turn back 160,000 people each year
More than 160,000 people are surrounded by social legal support centres, as the industry is preparing for the impact of more financing in operations that have been forced to prepare.
Three of the five people in Queensland (mostly elderly people, migrants, protected workers, violence victims and non-fair evacuation decisions) are surrounded by free legal advice and representation.
The social legal support services, which have exhausted their offices, are preparing for more cuts.
Starting in June next year, these legal support centres are scheduled to be left more than 30 percent of federal financing.
Queensland Director of the Community Legal Support Centre James Farrel reported that thousands of people have been detected each year in the latest Census Report of the National Union of Social Legal Support Centre.
Bay Farrel said the situation would be much worse if the federal government decision is not taken back.
"The social legal support centres of Queensland in a chronically financial support mean that thousands of people are not able to reach services that are vital for the need," he said.
People who are struggling with violence, the management of power and future forces, are facing problems with families in the secession process... all the legal dimensions of their legal dimensions, and do not reach the help they need, according to the report.
The federal government is to deploy that thousands of Queensland residents, who will be protected by 30 per cent from June 2017, should be forced to lead to more complicated legal problems.
We are urging Justice Minister and Queensland Senator George Brandis to get this funding cuts immediately to get the support needed when people face a legal problem.
Last year, the government met the promise of issuing legal support to the national average order.
We must now look at the investment in social legal support centres and their services, and that the Palaszczuk government will invest in this important work.
The campaign team of Donald Trump has been sued after Personelin alleged weapons
New York: The campaign team of Donald Trump was sued due to his accusation that the director of the North Carolina operations did not have any action after it was rumoured by a staff in February.
The foundation was announced on Wednesday in a trial in the county court by former software instructor Vincent Bordini, in the county campaign team.
He said he expects to be interested in the situation in months, but later noticed "it will not happen."
According to the Bordini complaint, the director of the Earl Philip "issued a weapon, triggering the right sign park and kept the prayer, Vincent, accurate."
According to the paper, at least four people had learned the same experience with Phillip after a complaint with local and regional campaign team leaders.
"There is no need for a ceasefire to damage the weapons," he said.
The case opened two days after the Republican president's office in North Carolina could be selecting "Second Constitutional amendment people" to the selection of the "Second Constitutional amendment" (gun owners and arms supporters), saying he could be elected to elect Hillary Clinton and chose their own judges.
Trump's campaign team said the media was assessed outside the context and that he did not support the violence.
Bordini wants compensation from Phillip because of its complaint, the campaign team because of the surveillance of surveillance, and the attack, coup and manual damage.
Hope Hicks, a spokesman for Trump, did not make a quick return to the time he wants to comment.
Efforts to reach Phillip have failed.
WCCB, a local news employer in Charlotte, reported that Phillip was leaving the campaign shortly before.
A quick return was made to the call to the advisory company Innovative Consulting Services.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is conducting a campaign creating conflict.
Bordini, Donald J. Trump For Of Inc., 16-CS-14300 case, General Justice Court, High Court February, Mecklenburg Kazakh (Charlotte).
"OIC" cartel "line
President Erdogan's FEOIC set up a treasure line for the ICT and Police FETO, after calling for "no intelligence, no security, neglect."
New practices are also under way for the detection of "secret communities," which, after the 15 July coup, were detected by thousands of FEOIC.
As part of the work, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that "you may have friends from the mosque, and I think that you may have friends from the mosque."
We have to report to the prosecutors.
This is a patriotism stock.
"It could not be able to know intelligence, they could not be able to know or add," he said.
The work was launched by the Interior Ministry, the General Directorate of Police and the National Intelligence Service (MIT).
By contrast, the institutions of the FETO, where they know, will be able to convey the activities of the organisation to the police and ICT, thanks to the organisation's institutions.
www.egm.gov.tr / pages / ihbar will be kept inquiry of the information that will be neglected with the format, which was presented via www.mit.gov.tr / katkiniz liners.
Those who want to implement the tip, presented by the Police General Directorate, will also be able to add the document.
However, the same practice will return to him if he wants a tip.
The citizens will also be able to inform the Republican Prosecutor's Office in the city and counties, where they can neglect the "155 Police Employment 'line.
It was inspired from Bodrum and made 'example village' in Sivas
The SIVAS's Gölova Country was held in collaboration with the Cancoy, Kayauthorities and the animal businessman.
On the village of Bodrum, the village of Bodrum, the village of Bodrum, was painted in the village, and the village of Bodrum was painted in the village, as well as a blue and white colours.
The Gölova Kayauthority has drafted an example of a cool project to raise the outlook and quality of life of villages connected to the district.
In this scope, 666 households in the centre of the city were named as a cool, and a 66-year-old Canky.
The construction of the village, which has increased infrastructure and building services, has been assaulted, and the lifting was closed with parking stones.
The village house, which has different colours from someone, was painted with the support of Pelit Pastants owner Selahattin Ayan.
The whole of the village was busy with white and blue colours.
BODRUM ORNEK ALINDI
Erkan Isa Erat, who briefed the study, said they are preparing this project to sign a study that would create a role model for other villages. "The more modern appearance of the village was a part of our project to be the only colour of the houses."
We are looking for an example when we start this project.
When we went to Bodrum, the white painting and blue window footage of the houses had attracted us.
We wanted to take Bodrum as an example for the cleansing of the baby and the positive impact on people.
By doing our work, we have painted all the houses found in Cankoy to white and blue colours.
This study was in collaboration with state and dream.
The project cost about 200,000 lira.
The study was like a small Bodrum of Canky in Sivas.
We are our budget for this kind of work and we want to continue with the support of our business men again.
Abdullah Macit, 66, the Cancoy Muhtari, said the village had a new outlook, with the support of the Kayauthority.
Macit said that the example was very satisfied with the people and the village of village, and thanked everyone last.
The drug operation in Kangal
7 people were detained in a drug operation by the gendarmerie teams in the Cangal district of SIVAS.
The jandarma teams working at the Ilgang Cetinkaya Document, with the help of narcotics detector dogs, have spent 600 grams, 49 drug hap, 1 hunt rifles and 1 courageous pistol.
7 people were detained in connection with the seized materials, while criminal proceedings were launched.
The FETIC / PDY case in Adana, along with Gulen, was confiscated by 4 people
The ADANA has decided to confiscate all assets of the Fethullahist Terror Organisation / Paralel State Construction (FETIC / PDI), which is being prosecuted and owned by Fethullah Gulen, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu.
In a tip from the Adana Police Directorate on May 15th 2015, Buyukcity Mayor Zihni Alasmaz and his administration had been translated into the housing area, despite the lack of a parliamentary decision by the University of Kanuni, known for its imagination and blueprint.
The investigation, launched on the conflict, was arrested by Zihni Alasmaz, Ferat Yüksel, Mustafa Vural, Hasan Long and the former President of the Adana Trade Stock Exchange, Muammer Workan.
Fethullah Gulen and former Adana Metropolitan Mayor Zihni Alasmaz filed a lawsuit against the 2nd Tower Penal Court, which asked for a prison sentence of between 5 and 35 years, including the 17 defendants.
All the defendants did not accept the charges, while all arrested in the final cells have been evacuated with criminal control and innocent ban.
MAL VARLIKLARINA EL KONULDU
The court delegation decided to arrest the case against Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, who was the main defendant in the case with Fethullah Gulen.
However, court illegal transactions have been agreed for the firm 4 defendants, who are not caught and did not come to the proceedings.
After that, the court delegation decided to confiscate all assets of Fethullah Gulen, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu's (CMK) 278 / 1.
Along with this decision, the court's decision has been frozen in Turkey, where there are no movements in Turkey, cara-maritime and air transport vehicles, any rights and subscribers, cohesion, joint company shares, rented tape deposits and bank accounts.
MLKP member Arslan arrested with headscarves
At the same time, police teams were arrested by police teams, who were arrested at AKSARAY, and was arrested at the court of the terrorist group MLKP, Serpil Arslan, who was issued after the questioning in Adana.
Arslan, a headscarf headscarf, went to the courthouse.
Serpil Arslan, a member of the Adana Police Directorate for Anti-Terrorism and Intelligence Agency, has determined that it has gone to Aksaray, which has decided to capture 3 separately about the crime of terrorist organisation.
Adana police, who contacted the Aksaray Police Directorate, have ordered the capture of Serpil Arslan.
Acting on the Talimat, Aksaray police identified the headscarf, Serpil Arslan, who made headscarves for not recognition.
The teams entered the lokantas, while Arslan, who noticed the police, wanted to escape to the gate.
Serpil Arslan, who is out of the door, was captured by the TEM City teams of the Acsaray Police Directorate.
After the question at the Adana Police Directorate, Serpil Arslan was transferred to the island.
Serpil Arslan, who was brought to the Adli Tip Unit for health control, wanted to take the slogan.
The woman, which closed Arslan's tree, tried to block the slogan.
Arslan, who was issued to the island, was arrested and sent to prison.
12 in Antalya and 24 in custody
In ANTALYA, 24 people, including 12 judges and prosecutors, were detained as part of the FETIC / PDY investigation.
The Antalya Police Directorate's Anti-Trafficking and Organised Crime teams have detained 12 out of 15 judges and prosecutors who have been adopted in their rights.
Efforts are under way to capture the other 3 judges and prosecutors.
Among those detained are Akseki Republican Prosecutor Hasan Sahin Sarioglu.
As part of the investigation, 12 of the 24 people who had decided to catch up in the Kumluca Principle were detained.
The detained suspects were a businessman and a teacher who served in the closing schools of FETIC.
Another 12 people continue to be captured as part of the investigation.
The food of Gulen was arrested in Erzurum
Abdullah Korucuk, the head of the Fethullahist Terror Organisation (FETIC), who was detained by police at ERZURUM, was arrested.
Fethullah Gulen, the director of Fethullah Gulen, who was detained as part of an investigation into the operation of the Anti-Terrorism Executive Directorate of Terrorism on August 9th, was transferred to the courthouse in the evening, following the completion of the testimony of Abdullah Korucuk.
Abdullah Korucuk, the son of Fethullah Gulen's sister and the owner of a private foreign language school, was transferred to the Sulh Penal Judge with a request to be arrested after the prosecutor's office.
The court sent Abdullah Korucuk to prison, apprehending the "FEOIC terrorist organisation '.
1 police killed, 2 PKK killed
War in Nusaybin: 1 police killed, 2 PKK killed
1 police officers were killed in a ceasefire filed by PKK terrorists in the police vehicle, which served in the Nusaybin district of MARDIN.
The shootout seized 2 PKK dead.
The police vehicle, which was patrolled near the Kuzla Mosque on 27 May Street at the Selahattin Action Mahallesi, was fired by PKK terrorists at 07.00 on hours today.
The 1 police officer, who was found in the attack, was killed.
Instead of the incident, police teams blocked the environment and blocked the escape of PKK terrorists.
The conflict was seized along with 2 terrorist guns.
Security forces continue the operation in the region.
A police killed in Nusaybin
1 police officers were killed in a ceasefire filed by the PKK in the police vehicle, which was patrolled in the Nusaybin district of Mardin.
The conflict was killed by 2 PKK.
The police vehicle, which was patrolled near the Kuzla mosque, located on 27 May streets in the Nusaybin district of Mardin, was attacked by the PKK in the morning at 07.00 on the morning.
The PKK of the PKK, which set up a pledge, has taken a fire to the police patrol.
1 police officers were killed in the first ceasefire, while several special operations police were transferred.
The conflict between security forces and the PKK, which sceptical the mosque and its surroundings, was found dead along with 2 PKK guns.
The operation is under way.
Addition of Adil Oksh freed with criminal control
Hatice Yildirim, his wife, and his wife, Hatice Yildirim, was freed with the skiing of Cevat Yildirim, a doctor who was sitting in Sakarya's Sakarya's Act of Sakarya.
At the time of the Darbe initiative, Yrd, who was captured at the Actor Air Base, was released in the admit where Dr Adil Oksh was transferred, while the search continues.
Cevat Yildirim was detected at the latest Sakarya's Sakarya's Act of Sakarya before being involved in the losses of Adil Oksh.
Adil Oksma's "34 SIR 49" license plates were found at the garden of the house.
As part of the investigation, Cevat Yildirim and his wife, Hatice Yildirim, were detained.
Cevat Yildirim and his wife, Hatice Yildirim, were transferred to the island.
At night, the court ended, while Cevat Yildirim was a criminal control requirement and his wife, Hatice Yildirim, was freed.
The wealth fund discussing the experiment is recommissioned
The Turkish Varity Fund, which is expected to become one of the largest funds in the world, has been removed from a quiet swift law on objections.
The Fund has decided to rediscuss because it lacks the control mechanism, but has been discussed again without any changes.
"We are absolutely opposed to the fact that this structure will be kept out of the constitutional control mechanisms, which will consist of the pension cuts that have been collected for the unemployed, the pension cuts that are collected for the unemployed," said CHP MP and Budget Commission Commissioner Utku Cakirozer, who assessed the AKP's offer to sozcu.com.tr.
In an effort to provide long-term funding for investments and projects, the government of Turkey's Varity Fund has been removed from the law on a smooth day, with the opposition's opinion that the opposition should be discussed.
However, the AKP has now rebrought its bid to the Plan and the Budget Commission.
The TBMM Plan and the CHP member of the Budget Commission, Espersonehir MP Utku Cakirautonomer, detailed the CHP's concern and concerns about the offer of the Law on the Law.
"When it comes to the plan to establish this fund and the draft law on the Budget Commission, our former Finance Minister, Zekeriya Temizel, who was at the head of the CHP team, expressed concern and concerns, proposing that it would be removed from the law and to be thoroughly discussed," he said.
The government, which accepted this view, also withdrew the bill.
At the same time, the bill came to the commission.
"The government insists that it will be issued by parliament within a week," he said.
It should be a consensus on the adoption of the Law on the Fund, he said. "We are the most important thing in the monopoly of this law."
"The assets that belonged to the public are transferred to a structure that will consist of the pension cuts, which will be collected for the unemployed, from the unemployment fund collected for the unemployed, the revenues from the privatisation, the Assembly and the Census supervision, and a structure that does not have any responsibility," he said.
Russia, China and the Gulf countries, where such funds are established, are more than oil revenues and trade, and that the fund has been financed in this way, "he said." However, there is a savings deficit. "
So the fund will consist of public resources or public money.
A total of 100 billion euros in unemployment funds are planned to transfer 100 billion euros from the individual pension fund, which has been forced into employees, and 50 billion euros.
"This fund, which will consist completely with the money of the public, should be in public supervision, and that money should not be irresponsible," he said.
Stressing that the state's resources were collected, it is unacceptable to be kept out of parliament supervision of a fund that is guaranteed by the state assets, and is concerned about the concern and concerns about the offer of the Varity Fund.
The collection of such a large public presence cannot be passed through the control of business and transactions, which are to be borrowed on the public name, and only the supervision of independent control companies.
Mutlaka is also to be public supervision and needs a transparent structure.
Under the law, the Constitutional Fund has no provisions on the control and transparency of the Constitutional institutions.
There has been no limitation on how much funding will be transferred.
No one will ask for the account of how this fund is used.
The fund aims to finance major projects.
For that, there is no need to form a supervised fund outside the budget.
What do you get into the budget?
As such, it is natural to the smart, "Where is the question of SAylight and the parliamentary supervision."
He said that they are not against the transfer of the money to investments, but that it is not transparent, but not transparent, that they are being done with unaccounted mechanisms. "There can be a need for such a fund," he said.
But if the government insists on the government, then we have to ensure that the applicable international standards in other countries where such investment funds are established are also valid in Turkey.
Mutlaka should be structured in a way where the control and responsibility mechanism is introduced.
It needs to be established in a way that will take into account the account of its own money, which will not be shadowed.
"We are pleased that the AKP is listening to our criticism in Parliament, especially after the 15 July coup attempt," he said.
In the offer of this code, we hope the AKP will be able to listen to our constructive criticism.
We are against the use of national assets as unrules, that those who use it are irresponsible and lack public control.
"It can be beneficial if these concerns can be addressed," he said.
It has been learning for a compromise between the AKP and the opposition on the offer.
"We have invested in Turkey that we have shown the confidence that we have heard in Turkey," he said.
"The investment of 30 billion TL, which we have done in the last 5 years, is a sign of confidence that our country is going to come," said Ali Koc, president of the Ford Automotive Board, speaking at a meeting in Istanbul.
The director of the Executive Board of Koc Holding and the director of the Ford Automotive Board, Ali Koc, and the administrator of several foreign capital firms met at a meeting of "those who trust Turkey in Turkey," organised by the Istanbul Industry Chamber (ISO).
"With our partners, we do not only express our faith and trust in our country, and we underscore this with our investments and accesses," Ali Koc told the meeting.
The investment of 30 billion TL, which we have done in the last 5 years, is a sign of confidence that our country will come.
If Turkey can't be able to attract more foreign investment, it is a reliable and fair legal system, a democratic, qualified workforce, and an ecosystem that encourages the value of inspiration, entrepreneurship and layoffs.
In the last few years, our government has presented our industrialists to the most comprehensive incentives of our Republic history.
"I believe that we will be able to launch a new" Investment Hamer, "which we need with these incentives and integrity strategies.
Huseyin Gelis, president and CEO of the Siemens Industrial and Trade Turkey Board, said: "Now any incident is not just the problem of a single country but we know it as global players."
We came to Turkey with a long-term look.
If we are in the Union and with the draw, our problems are resolved.
We were able to bring to this territory that we could not be in Turkey 160 years ago.
We will continue to be found in these areas in Turkey.
"Of course we will build factories but we should be open in this area," he said.
Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for itself, Shell Turkey Country President Ahmet Erdem said. "Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for Shell."
We believe that Turkey has the potential and the future.
We have invested in many areas, especially energy, and we will continue to do.
We thank our president for the Prime Minister and our ministers for their support for international investors.
The work of trust for international investors is being made.
"This is directed to increase the competitiveness of our country," he said.
Mr Altan Demirdere, president of Sandoz / Novartis Turkey and Central East Region, said: "On August 10th, Global CEO will arrive in Turkey."
However, the travel was delayed.
And we opposed it.
The development of the CEO was very important.
As a result, the car has been reluctant to protect.
When he came here, everything saw that everything was normal.
He left Korumans and the car and returned home in a happy way.
Investment in a country is similar to marriage.
It would be promised, and if everything goes towards everything, you will be married by a long term plan.
We are home to Turkey and we have no intention to evacuate.
He was returned from my wife!
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim attended a consultation meeting with the Istanbul Industrial Chamber in Switzerland, attending a consultation meeting on "productions in Turkey," and addressed business men.
"We have not been able to hear the process of transition to Industrial 4.0 in the industrial sector," said Prime Minister Yildirim, who said the industry is the industry sector, which will provide Turkey's accountability.
"The value of the Qatma is high, if we are important to catch our country and catch its 2023 goals, we are thinking about the industrial revolution, the IT and technology revolution, and we have to accomplish it," he said.
"In the future of our country, those who tried to destroy democracy, even if they did not pull out of the Gazi Mechanism, we had to speak to another Turkey today," said Prime Minister Yildirim, adding that Turkey was returning from the brink of a large gap.
The administration with Darbe has been seized, the national will has been eliminated and the world has fallen from the league, and we will speak to Turkey among the 3rd world countries.
"The gross to Allah, our nation was simplified, we defended this document with our commander, my president, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and the determination of our government," he said.
"We will go ahead with the impact of this incident and look ahead."
We never live with the producing blow, and it is never true.
We have very ambitious goals today.
This coup has not shaken Turkey's economy.
Kaos and the crisis wait once again.
Today, our economy is also scrambling.
Our banking sector continues to work in a healthy way in our financial sector.
In 2015, the foreign trade deficit falls by 25 percent.
The national income rate of the Cari deficit is 5.8 per cent in 2014, and this rate has dropped to 4.5 per cent in 2015.
We aim to drop to 4 at the end of this year.
We will never change our tight hearing in public finances.
Turkey's 2016 budget also took more than 130 countries' national income.
The budget deficit, which is above 11 per cent, lowered the national income rate to 1.3 per cent in 2015, and we are striving to protect these rates.
In public debt, we are better than the EU, in many countries in the world.
The banking financial sector continues to work in a solid zoo.
"The Central Bank did not need foreign exchange in the market despite 15 July, and we have a gross reserve of more than $121 billion, not any reduction in our reserves," he said.
"We are also making extensive arrangements for us to save our burden on the past," said Prime Minister Yildirim, who transported the economy to improve production and the creation of new employment areas.
We have implemented a lot of regulation and continue to carry out a lot of regulation to the stockpile of stocks and the reputation of unpaid tax debt.
"If you continue to produce for the country, you continue to rely on your country, you will continue to lift the hurdles of you in your government," he said.
The father of the Hakan Shuki was taken to hospital from high sugar
The father of Hakan Shuki, who was detained as part of an operation against the FETIC / PDY terrorist organisation in Sakarya, was taken to hospital as a result of the rise of sugar during the questioning.
The operation, launched by the Sakarya Republican Prosecutor's Office on 15 July, was launched by former national football player Hakan Shukature and his father, Sermet Shuki, as part of the operation of the FETIC / PDY terrorist organisation.
Sermet Shukature, the father of Hakan Shuki, who was detained at the Adapazari at Friday prayer, was taken to hospital with fenalization at the time of the questionnaire.
The treatment of Sermet Shuki, which was taken to hospital as a result of the rise, continues at Sakarya Education and Research Hospital.
Turkey does not cope from West, does not give up European Union
Mehmet Simsek: Turkey does not cope from West, does not give up the European Union
BASBAKAN Deputy Minister Mehmet Simsek, Scientific Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Ozli attended a meeting with Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci at the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) on a meeting on "productions in Turkey."
"I think that on 15 July night, there are many animal results from the developments of the aftermath," said Scientific Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Ozli, speaking at the meeting.
The most important thing is that there is no doubt that all Turkey now shares from the association.
The July 15th process has shown how solid dynamics of the Turkish economy are, and how much the community has made democracy.
"It is clear that the process will be better easier and faster for a society in the economy and in democracy and for a society that has caught this level in democracy," he said.
"TURKIYE'NIN BU SIKINTIDAN KURTULMASI LAZIM"
Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci said he was forced to explain the 15 July coup initiative from Faruk Ozel to the world.
Zeybekci also touched on the interest cuts initiated by banks in the recent period, adding that "if the first five faces of my real-sector, 63.4% of the wife, we must be put in place for this job, which should leave our power."
Our president, for him, will return and return to this job.
With the Reel industry, with the banking system, with his government, the unity of politics after the 15 July civilian Turkish democratic revolution, I have been set up with this shortage of Turkey.
We welcome the recent developments in the past period.
"Construction will be sustained in the coming period as the economic management of this competition, which started with the incentives of our president in the next period, as well as the economic management of this competition, which started down, as well as the economic management," he said.
"YESIL PASAPORTU, IHRACATCIMIZIN EMRINE VERECERN"
"We will take the world in the coming period, we will be badly," Nihat Zeybekci said. "We will not leave the country in the world, led by our prime minister, and we will not leave the stolen door."
We will not leave no one that we are not appealing to increase our trade.
"We will never be ignored and never ignored; we will not be in the bottom of the siege, and we will not be in the hands of the birds," he said.
Zeybekci said he would be given a green passport for exporters. "One of the most recent decisions is that we finished the law at the economy ministry, and about our exporters, as well as the privileged green passport, which represents around 17,000 and 20,000 exporters, to the order of our exports," he said.
"DARBE GINDE BULUNANLARIN DEVLETTEN TEMIZLENMESD GEREKIYOR"
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek spoke to the 15 July coup attempt and the subsequent OHAL, describing it as a "cable 'for the coup attempt," however, "but we now have to look ahead."
It has been declared OHAL because of two simple reasons, he said. "It should be cleaned up from the state of those who are involved in this shield, and the process has been processed, but more importantly, serious administrative reforms were needed to not face this type of coup."
As a climate needed for these administrative reforms, the Emergency Hal was declared, and so far, very serious structural reforms have been made.
"When we do all, we have acted in the contents of democratic principles and rule of law, and we will continue to do so," he said.
The life is normalised in many areas, Simsek said, stressing that companies and individuals who have not been able to finance terrorism are not a small reason for their concern.
"I think that Turkey's democracy has undertaken the foundations of democracy, because when you look at the origin of the problems in recent past, it is unhappy that this treasure network is in the work.
"Therefore, the removal of this terrorist organisation from the state will strengthen Turkey's democracy, as this period closes in Turkey," he said.
In general, the economy is firmly robust, and they are returning to normal structural reform agenda without losing time, he said. "We have made progress on the Turkish aspect, and there is progress in structural reforms."
Structural reforms are not already in place, because in the world, populism, protectionism is increasing.
"Turkey can only prepare for the future by reforming the future," he said.
Finally, he emphasised that Turkey will not cope from the West, "Turkey can then be separated with our western allies, but with our friends, but Turkey does not cope with the West, it does not give up the European Union."
It has taken fisheries from 25 square metres and...
In Antalya, 17-year-old Samil Tayyar Bajrami was in hospital with a fishing fishing from the 25m-high fallout called 'Kartal Tepesi.
On the evening of the Konyasix field, Samil Tayyar Bajrami, who died in the evening, fishing the sea from a 25m-high bail, known as "Kartal Tepesi."
Samil Tayyar Bajrami, a professional swimmer, was honoured with the impact of the water.
Bajrami, who has been difficult to act in our experiment, was put on the coast by friends who were a professional swimmer, as he himself.
At the time of the conflict, the medics were taken to Antalya Education and Research Hospital with ambulance of Samil Tayyar Bajrami after the intervention.
The vital danger of Tedavian Bajrami was not found.
A friend of Bajrami, who testified, said he was "incorporated by fisheries from the Kartal Tepesi."
"We have not predicted that it will happen."
25 dead - spokesman newspaper
The settlements in the town of Sarada, which is about 10km from the Cilveeyu Border Center in the Reyhanli County of Hatay, were hit by regime planes.
Local sources reported that 25 people were killed and 40 wounded in the attack.
2 separate airstrikes were organised by regime planes in the Sarmada Kasabinet, which is under the control of opponents near Cilveeyu Border Kapija.
Local Sources said the planes targeted the settlements in the air attack and that 25 people had died.
The explosion reported that 40 people were also injured in the attack, which were also heard from Reyhanli, while the number of dead is worried.
President Erdogan chose Kaya of YOK!
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan chose H. Abdullah Kaya, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Ministry of Finance (YOK) Membership.
"Our Mr. President has chosen the Rising Council Membership, which has been evacuated due to the resignation of Seyit Ahmet Chief, as well as the Deputy Assistant Minister of Finance H. Abdullah Kaya, in accordance with the b / 1 benchmark of the 6 nale clause of Resolution 2547," the president said in a statement.
On the other hand, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan approved the "Law on International Co-operation" on 6735.
According to the Presidential Press Centre, "Resolution 6735" has been sent to the prime minister to be published in accordance with the first flight of the 89th medal of the constitution by Mr. Represident and the second fragile of the 104th article (a). "
2 dark guns killed in Kahta
In the Kahta Principle of ADIYAMAN, 2 brothers who were attacked in the car were killed.
The incident occurred on Mustafa Kemal Street in the evening.
The 39-year-old Ramadan Karahan, which goes towards the primary centre, was fired at 839 plates, with an unidentified person at a pistol by an unidentified person.
The car, led by the Karahan, who lost control over the opening ceasefire, halted another vehicle.
In this place, the person who came to the car fired the tree with Ramadan Karahan, 50-year-old Omer Karahan.
The brothers were seriously injured, while aggressive was fled with a motorcycle.
Police and health teams were transferred instead of the conflict.
The Karahan brothers, who were injured, were removed from ambulansla Kahta State Hospital.
Omer and Ramadan Karahan, who were being treated in the emergency service, were all struggling, but did not be saved.
The bodies of the two brothers were held for autopsy, while police examined the mobese and security cameras in the area where the incident occurred, and began working to capture the identity of the escape.
Britania should channel Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will only offer renewed and welfare nationwide, not only in our local communities and in London.
I think it will also make Heathrow quite attractive, as it is in London 2012, where we are incredible to benefit from the Games.
The Olympics have provided great advantages for Stratford and East End.
And we will do it again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
For our local communities alone, we will create 10,000 new jobs, create 40,000 new jobs, and we will not leave unemployed young people in the airport.
As for London 2012, those who think that the struggle to expand Heathrow is also too difficult.
We were told that Bana Britania would never be prepared for the Games and that we will be reluctant to the whole world.
Kushku walls were burned in 2012 and will be seen on Heathrow as well.
It would be barriers that should always be overcome, but Heathrow answers all the questions asked.
As in the Olympics, Heathrow is not just a few people, but a infrastructure project for many.
It has the opportunity to create 180,000 new jobs and 211 billion euros in economic growth and a lot of skills and jobs throughout the United Kingdom, both in the airport and the United Kingdom.
In Heathrow, we have a wonderful team that has set up the world's best airport terminal for five years, with the world's best airport terminal for five years, to implement an infrastructure investment worth 11 billion euros in time and in line with the two most intense pockets in the world.
Now we are ready to offer a third pist, supported by private investment worth 16 billion euros.
The London 2012 Games was a big success for the United Kingdom and there is no doubt that the Heathrow expansion will be.
It is time for us to secure this Olympic spirit to the expansion of Heathrow, and that we will be able to rely on our commercial future and create a lot of skills and jobs that Britain will be proud of.
Lord Paul Däton is head of the Heathrow Board of Directors and former Treasury Department Commercial Secretariat
Adfied Plus "like by-fare game" on Facebook advertising
According to one of the companies that have been software to block advertising software for companies that earn money from online advertising, it is "the bru-fare game."
On Thursday, only two days after Facebook announced it would block the advertising barriers, Adfied Plus issued a blog that said users could update their filters to block advertisements in the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook said the advertising barriers would change the codes in advertisements to make it difficult to identify which part of the page is advertising.
However, Adbility now says it has resolved new codes.
In sending a blog, Adwing spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "a backlog of advertising among those who tried to prevent open source advertising and avoiding them has been driving," and that Facebook will be able to produce its own solution in the close time.
The fact that the biggest social media company in the world is going to be in this fight suggests that advertising hurdles have a great concern for the industry.
According to a study by Pagefair and Adobe last year, about 200 million people are using advertising hurdles; this is four times the number of people using software from this kind in 2013.
On Facebook, mobile advertising with mobile adjustments and mobile advertisements now account for 84 per cent of Facebook's advertising income.
According to a spokesman, mobile advertising hurdles have fallen from advertising hurdles in the company's master, because the social network is not effective on Facebook mobile practices and Instagram.
When Facebook is valued in this kind of move, master advertisements must still be able to provide enough income.
Nonetheless, on Tuesday, Facebook said it would update the vehicle "advertising preferences" so they can better control the advertisements submitted to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that the new filters of Adwing were worrying, that it would block some of the non-advertising content in the site.
"We do not offer a good experience to these people and we plan to deal with this problem," a Facebook spokesman said in a statement with e-mail.
The advertising hurdles are a drastic vehicle, so we are focused on creating tools such as Comlam Tercihes to give the control to people.
A woman ran into the Swiss highway; the incident looks like suicide
The victim was at the highway at midnight.
Police are searching for individuals who were personally involved in the sake of a few vehicles in the highway early Thursday, in the case of suicide.
The incident occurred in A1, near Morges, in the Vaud canton immediately after midnight on Thursday.
In a baby, he said, the woman was "unhopeless" in the dark of the night, and that a few vehicles were hit by him.
The 49-year-old Swedish woman, which was open when he wanted to kill him, has hit a few vehicles, including trucks.
He died at the scene.
Police said the drivers, including the older, had been discussed with the escape, but some were not detected and asked that everyone, including them and the older, asked them to apply.
His attorney, Gilles Hofstetter, issued a statement to the Le Tribune de Genhome that "a penal prosecutions" have been issued as a logical "step in situations like this."
However, it is not yet known whether the drivers, including the older, will face any charges.
Is it possible to avoid conflict?
That is what the prosecutor must identify, "said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases in the past five years show that drivers will not be held responsible.
In both cases, they included a person who took a motorway in both cases), that the drivers did not expect the motorway to face a spread in the night in the midnight.
Last year, a police officer who caused the death of a man who was on the road near Paynerne in August 2014 was charged with innocence of death because of negligence.
The court said the 22-year-old victim was drinking and leaked on the road.
The court said that the police officer, who is responding to an emergency call, used the tool in a reasonable manner and that a man on the road was "totally exceptional and unpredictable."
Those who were information about this incident, which took place near Morges on Thursday, are looking for police from 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venice is inappropriate to live once
According to the forecasts of the new NASA climate model, there were once living conditions in Venbase.
Scientists at the NASA Goddard Space Studies Institute developed a model to explore the past of Venbase using similar vehicles and algoritations using climate sciences.
Model was designed to determine whether Venice was home to the atmosphere of hot, water content and CO2, where he once hosted similar conditions for those in the World.
Scientists were to explain the low pace of returns in the past with the atmosphere of the heart.
However, the most new forecasts suggest that the Venbase may have had an atmosphere like the world, and could still return to a slowdown.
Model also maintained the topographic of the former Venbase.
Gezegenini may have to protect more than the world, but once in the region, it may have protectionism with adequate water and geographical variables.
In the same time, the former Venice was to benefit from a more than 30 per cent higher sun.
"In the simulation of the GISS model, the slow transformation of the GISS model would be the day of the day of the day for almost two months," said GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio.
That led to the rains of the heart that acted as an umbrella that protects the face, which protects the face against solar warming.
As a result, only a few more cold climate temperatures have been revealed today than in the world.
Model has provided the creation of a similar story to the evolution, which was previously put forward for Venice as a hypotez of scientists.
Although it has been in line with every time, Venbase has been exposed to too much heat and ultrauma in a few billion years of process.
He has been able to find out, and there was no way out of the water and the sake of extravagers.
Hidrojen was exhausted, and the heart of the carbon dioxide, which has only the deadly greenhouse gas effect, is a atmosphere; it is Venbase where we know today.
The researchers shared the results of the new Venbase climate model at the Jeofizic Research Makes.
Patrick Roy resigns from Avalanche antenance
Patrick Roy said the team had not been given the right to decide in the decision-making process, prompting the post of vice president of Colorado Avalanche memorial and hokey operations.
Colorado administrative vice president / general manager Joe Sakic has approved this development and said the club would immediately start looking for a new train.
Roy, 50, said, "Over the past three years, I have met with the head of the principal training and pleasant operations at Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination."
During the summer, I was thinking about how to better improve this team, and how I can improve in a higher level.
To achieve that, the vision of the cool and VP hokey operations must be in an unusual compliance with the vision of the company.
It also needs to have the right to say in decisions affecting the performance of him.
In the current case, these conditions have not yet been met.
Sakic, who joined Roy on 23 May 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick today informed me from his decision," Sakic said.
We thank him for everything he did for our agency, and in the future we wish him the ball chance.
Roy was awarded the Jack Adams Award as the best comedy in the first season with Avalanche and the first season in 2013-14.
The club gave 112 points and provided the team won the league, but Colorado lost to Minnesota in the first round of the playground and missed post-season games every two years.
Avalanche passed the 39-39-4 target in 2015-16 and received five points for the second joker area at the Western Conference.
The goalkeeper Roy at the Onur High School has won four Stanley Cup wins, two of them Montreal Canadiens, for Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers suspend strike, continue talks
The strike of the North Sea oil workers has been suspended for a fee, and chief negotiators have begun discussions for a new round of talks.
A strike against the oil field services company Wood Group is gradually conducted in platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"We decided to restart the process for resolving the current dispute as Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions," the joint statement said.
Within the next few weeks, we will hold a series of meetings that will last every day to take a new perspective against problems from the beginning of next week.
Labour unions said the protest against wage cuts, which could reach 30 per cent, has been the first actions since 25 years.
This year, the Wood Group cut around 9 percent in payments to the contractors in the North Sea due to negative pressures in the market.
The company's burden on the coast in 2014, following this wage reduction process, has also been reduced by 10 per cent.
The company said additional cuts would provide the space for the company to pass through a shortage period in the market.
Shell has fired thousands of people in the process of unification with the British energy company BG Group, and announced plans to lay off oil and gas operations in the country by up to 10.
Energy companies are under pressure due to low crude oil prices, a economic situation that Britania has had to leave the European Union in June.
Dave Anderson, a Scottish Parliament member, discussed the worker leaders earlier this week, discussing one of the largest worker conflicts in the North Sea.
As he said, the North Sea is vital for the regional economy.
"We need an effective economy, not for a minority in the North Sea and the country, but for the majority," he said.
Despite the average investment of nearly $7 billion in the past five years, in 2016, new projects in the North Sea are expected to invest less than $1.4 billion.
Kepler measured the pace of return of stars in Country team star
The Kepler space telescope has helped with the final task, and the countries of the skiers to create the most complete contribution to the pace of return of stars in the country's team star.
The new data is helping to understand why the stars in the team stars have changed rapidly, and that the times of return can understand their interest in the planet.
Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Red Center and Analysis Centre at Pasadena, said: "When we compare our results with stars, we hope to get more information about the relationship between a stars, age and even the history of the solar system."
The country's team star is out of 445 light years from the world.
Most of the stars in the team star have created 125 million years ago and reach new new access level.
They are to return at the highest speed that can happen.
At the pace of return, stars in this maturity stage create a large amount of star winds.
These winds have an impact on stars when the stars are moving in the manetic areas.
As a star is living, the pace of returns is starting to fall.
The episodes are measured by watching the period between the outlook of a noticeable stars, such as solar wheels of each stars.
The most recent pace of returns suggests that bigger stars are turning faster than small stars.
Rebull said the stars were similar to dancers, making their return more slowly than small ones.
"We see that those who slowly returned 'in the country' ballot are much more heavy, and the rapid returnees are very slight stars," Rebull said.
The country's team star has an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare the pace of returns with star features.
Rebull said "The country's team stars provide theoretical models for stars in both direction, as young and elderly."
How much of the years of return is that we want to learn about what time and why, and why we want to learn about the 'dance shoes', and why we want to learn about a corner.
Rebull and his colleagues have been detailed in three new machines that will be published in the Astronomy Association shortly after the Country team star's return speed.
