28-year-old cook found dead in San Francisco shopping Center
The 28-year-old Cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping center this week.
But the victim's brother determined that he could be someone who might want to hurt him, and he said: "At last, things were going well for him."
The San Francisco Forensic Institute announced that the body of the Westfield shopping Center on Wednesday morning was determined to belong to the 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia.
The San Francisco Police Department reported that the cause of death was determined to be murder and that the research continued.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, has already been working as a kitchen section chief in Boston, the ABC station in San Francisco, where Frank, six months ago, has begun to work as a head of the San Francisco sons &daughters Kitchen Division.
The Sons & Daughters authority said that death was "stunned and extremely sad".
"We are a small team working like a tight family here, and he will be very missed," he explained.
In this difficult time, we would like to tell Frank's family that they are not alone and that our prayers are with them.
Louis Galicia said Frank was initially staying at the hostel, saying, "At last, things were going well for him."
Louis Galicia told KGO, "he had a condo and he was dating a girl."
Louis Galicia said he didn't think anyone could possibly want to hurt your little brother.
He was a gentle person with a big heart.
The way to bond with the family was to always make us a dish, to cook for us, "said Louis Galicia.
He never liked to get into the debate.
My brother used to adapt to everything.
He said, "when everything else in the world is wrong, it's this unpolished diamond that shines brightly every day."
The people who have knowledge were asked to call the SFPD tip line from phone number 415-575-4444.
Assistant doctors in the house: new business Slow calls
Representatives of the Assistant doctors asked the trade unions to allow business slowdown in relation to a new contract dispute.
The British Medical Association (BMA) assistant Doctors Committee (JDC) called on the General Council to support the action of slowing down more work from the beginning of September.
JDC testified that the ministers failed to resolve concerns about the contract.
Assistant doctors and medical students used the rejection vote in the contract agreement with BMA.
This was rejected by 58% of voting members.
In a paper published on Twitter Thursday night, JDC President Ellen McCourt said the government remains "persistently silent" on issues that cause the rejection of the Convention.
He said: "In the light of this, the JDC board voted to reject the proposed new contract altogether, and urged to initiate official negotiations on concerns again."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC administration has submitted an official request to allow the BMA board to give a program to increase business slowdown from the beginning of September.
The dispute led to the six strikes involving assistant doctors this year, including the first total deduction in the NHS history.
Dr. Johann Malawana, the chief Resident physician at BMA, resigned after the refusal of the BMA's proposed contractual conditions.
54,000 assistant doctor and medical student during the pre-voting meetings in the BMA members said that this is a good deal to be accepted.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt stated that the agreement would apply to the doctors in the UK.
Russia and Turkey: A "alliance of misfits"?
This is a gesture that ended the crisis.
Russia and Turkey's leaders met on Tuesday to announce the official termination of the eight-month war on hand shaking and words and economic sanctions.
However, while Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the flamboyant Hall of St. Petersburg Palace, I was under the obvious impression that the most demanding part of this settlement was Ankara.
Handshake, yes.
However, Mr. Putin's smile was quite weak and could not be said to emit any temperature even against its own limited standards.
On the contrary, Recep Tayyip Erdogan repeatedly spoke of "good friend" Mr. Putin; five times according to a report.
I'm surprised by the number.
He also pledged that relations with Russia will not be returning to the pre-crisis level, but would reach much higher levels.
The next day, in a newspaper here, Mr. Erdogan acted as if nothing bad had happened.
I think his excitement was showing his exact opposite.
However, the cold impression that Mr. Putin gave around showed that the Russian leader did not forget anything.
In fact, the first thing he mentioned in the opening statement was the cause of the crisis: Turkey's Syrian border to drop by hitting the Russian fighter plane.
Then Russia's reaction was full of rage.
Mr. Putin accused Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back by making a hard exit.
The resentment was much bigger, and the opposition was thought to be a friend.
Trust will be difficult to rebuild in real terms, perhaps impossible.
The idea of the Russian people has changed since November.
The media in the state control aimed at Ankara in a traumatic and offensive manner for months.
Suddenly, the Turks became guilty of everything.
The most serious of these were the accusations that the senior officials, Mr. Erdogan's family, were profiting from illegal oil trade in the areas under the control of the alleged Islamic State in Syria.
He rejected it for sure.
However, the official message from St. Petersburg was the time to continue the road.
Ultimately, the reason for this meeting was that Mr. Putin received the apology demanded by President Erdogan.
Russia can see it as some kind of victory.
The benefits of a ceasefire call for Ankara are very clear.
First of all, Erdogan needs allies after a failed coup that will lead to an almost takeover last month.
Repeated terror attacks in Turkey have also affected itself.
and economic causes are also active.
Russia's sanctions struck hard; especially the prohibition of special expeditions carrying several million Russian tourists to the coastal regions of Turkey every year.
This number has fallen by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and leasing companies are certainly relieved by the fact that the flights will continue.
They depend on the season-end intensity in the Mediterranean.
And this week, the state television, the Turkish agricultural products imports to be re-allowed to reduce the prices of fruits and vegetables, he predicted.
If we're going to quote the news from the Vedomosti newspaper, "Tourists over there, tomatoes here".
However, the visit had a distinct political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the west because he did not find enough reaction to the coup initiative.
When the talks on joining the United States are added to a long time due to the advancement of the snail speed, Mr. Putin, who wants to take advantage of Turkey's ties to the West and the cold, is engaged.
After the Russian leader coup initiative, the call for support of elected officials certainly seems to have been gathering sympathy from Ankara.
It should not be forgotten that it was an inevitable stance for Moscow, which carries a fear rooted in regime change.
This summit, held in this magnificent palace at the seaside, represents a "alliance of Misfits", which an analyst in Russia and Turkey explained to me: The two countries that have rejected the west and behaved badly.
Nevertheless, despite the appearance of this compromise, they are quite different.
One of the most important of these is Syria: Moscow, Russia and Turkey support different sides, although it shows itself as a mediator.
After almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents said that the press conference was not addressed.
While the President of Turkey expressly avoided answering a question about these differences, Mr. Putin chose to underline them.
There is no clear consensus on how to determine the common ground in Syria.
However, after months of explicit animosity--and when NATO member Turkey has taken into consideration the potential for the absolute catastrophe of the shooting of the Russian fighter plane--it is certainly a good development for the two leaders to start talking at least.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is being destroyed for customers outside Scotland
According to the President of the Bank Executive Board, the RBS brand will go into the back office position.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be destroyed for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan, the BBC, told Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global goals.
Eight years ago, he almost went to the sinking state, and he had to retreat and give up.
During this time, brand strategy specialists used RBS to protect other consumer finance brands.
This was supported by millions of pounds for many sponsorships from the six nation Rugby Championships to the Wimbledon Andy Murray Championships.
However, it was now decided that it would be right for the national brands to stand out.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is to be used by Scottish customers but new beginnings won't be made.
In the UK and Wales, all citations to the RBS, except for the situation in the Centre and the stock exchange, is to be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is currently being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are also smaller brands to undertake a much more dominant task for individual banking; couts, Adam &co, Drummond and Holt's military bank.
Mr. McEwan gave an interview for customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
The BBC said to Scotland: "Now that we will be a bank of more brands, the RBS brand is no longer the trademark of our investor brand and our staff employed."
As the bank itself becomes a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
I'm saying it's not global anymore, we have local targets.
Each of these brands will stand out in a somewhat different way in the community, and our staff is going to work with customers under the name of these brands.
RBS announced that it would not continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations championships and was raising the profile of different brands in sports sponsorship.
"Now it's time for the brands bank to approach, because we're asking ourselves," How can we make a better bank for the customers? "
Three years ago, we would be a great bank for our clients, and if we stated that we would offer these brands, I would find it sarcastic.
But I think you'll see a lot of changes with our work and our focus on the needs of the customers, not ourselves.
We can re-enable these brands, so I think it's the right time.
Frankie Dettori wins 3000 times with the triumph of predilection at Newmarket.
Dettori, with his double success at Newmarket 3000, blew up champagne after reaching his victory.
Jockey Frankie Dettori won his 3000 victory in the UK on Friday in Newmarket.
On the local track, John Gosden's training has reached this milestone by winning the second victory of the night with the predilection.
45-year-old Italian, the sixth jockey who reached this milestone in the unimpeded run.
He's following the trail of Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
The jockey, who previously won three championships in Ghayyar, said: "This is a special occasion."
I'm so touched that my family is here.
It makes me really happy that I was in Newmarket 30 years ago when I started this job.
This is not a major meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-just a regular Friday night with 20,000 people.
I feel lighter and relieved.
Dettori, after victory, brought the predilection, he accepted the chants
In the hurdles run, there were two jockeys who reached this milestone: champion jockey Richard Johnson and 20 times champion, and retired jockey Sir Anthony McCoy, who had a victory over 4300 in his career in record-full.
4493 victories in the career of Lester Piggott, who won the Derby race nine times
Frankie is one of the best jokers in our era, and it's not surprising that only a few people reach a milestone before him.
The style is a strong person, but a tactical mindset that has the element to outweigh the scale from others.
He represents the horse race in an extraordinary way, with the excitement and charisma of this subject, he's been pulling people into this sport for years.
A few weeks ago, I told Frankie at Epsom that if it weren't for a jockey competing in the weekends and the big races, it would have reached the 6000 victory.
To be serious, Frankie spent most of his 30 years in the United Kingdom with victories, which is good to see.
He has a very exciting character, and it's a very good feature for the British races, but beyond that, he's an extraordinary jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrates this milestone by jumping from the horse to a symbol of the stroke
With a lot of moves from jumping races, jumping from horse to cow, Frankie Dettori has been the symbol of the British barrier-free run for twenty years.
It was a bumpy road.
In 1996, he won several major races including the famous ' Great Yedili ' victory at Ascot, but he survived a plane crash and was banned from failure to comply with the drug ban.
Three years ago, during the return from this six-month suspension, he initially had difficulties, but showed that he had a strong character to justify the suspects and to return to his best.
And it may continue for a while; Dettori testified that he wanted to continue the competition at least 50 years ago.
Russian President Putin receives special marker Sergei Ivanov from duty
Russian President Vladimir Putin received his special marker Sergei Ivanov from an unexpected task.
Mr. Ivanov was part of the close vicinity of Mr. Putin's trust for many years.
63 years old, now commissioned as a special representative for environmental and transportation problems.
In a statement from the Kremlin, Mr. Putin's "decision to end the mission of the Russian administration of Ivanov" was expressed but not given any reason.
For this position, Mr. Ivanov has been commissioned by Anton Vaino, who has been acting as regent since 2012.
The 44-year-old Vaino is an ex-diplomat.
He was born in Tallinn, Estonia in 1972, graduated from the international relations of the renowned Moscow State Institute (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo Embassy.
He then dealt with the Presidency protocol and administration of government personnel; The expressions on the Kremlin website are in this form (Russian).
After his assignment, he said to Mr. Putin: "Thank you for trusting me."
I think the most important task of the administration is to support your activities as head of State in terms of auditing the enforcement of laws and instructions.
Mr. Putin announced on Friday that he asked Mr. Ivanov to withdraw from the mission to the Russian television channel, suggesting Mr. Vaino to replace it.
Are the smiles convincing?
This is a move that amazes Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov worked as one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies for a long time and served as a Soviet security force KGB.
He was one of the strongest people in the country as a private pen.
In a meeting with President Putin and published on the state television, both expressed that the special item was withdrawn from the task.
But despite the smiling poses given to the cameras, very few people here are convinced, especially in this period when the parliamentary elections are approaching.
Is this a dispute arising from some kind of ruling challenge?
No one knows that yet.
However, the official statement of a person who may be a president wants to direct Russia's environmental policy is welcomed with great doubts.
According to the excerpt from the Kremlin website, Mr. Ivanov has given the following words to Mr. Putin: "In a conversation in the heads of the year of 2012, I want you to trust me for four years in this challenging-even problematic-mission.
Well, apparently four years, I served as a presidential special item for eight months.
Mr. Ivanov has undertaken this task in December 2011.
Previously, he was part of the Deputy Prime Minister and defence ministry.
He is a former member of the KGB state security force, such as the Russian Security Council and Mr. Putin.
In the end of the 1990s, Mr. Putin was the president of the Federal Security Forces (FSB), who replaced the KGB, in, and Mr. Ivanov has appointed him.
When Mr. Putin passed to power, he showed Ivanov as one of the five most trusted people.
Mr. Ivanov was considered president of Mr. Putin's second term after Mr. Putin's constitutional leadership in the third period.
However, this task was transferred to another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr. Putin became prime minister before returning to presidency three and a half years later.
Thomas Gibson, star of the Criminal Minds series, was fired after hitting the producer.
Gibson has been involved in a physical altercation in the Los Angeles set of the series last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, who undertook the production of the series, announced that he had been dismissed in a joint statement.
Gibson, who portrayed special agent Aaron Hotchner, issued an apology on Tuesday before the announcement of the termination.
There were differences and a disagreement about creative subjects on the set.
"I feel sorry for the realization of such an event," he said in a statement.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios ' statement in the white, the character of Gibson's play, a group of FBI agents will be released in the future of detailed information about how to get out of the program said.
Previously, the 54-year-old actor, who was in the state comedy Dharma &greg, was in the program since the first season in 2005.
Gibson said in a statement published on Friday that I love the criminal Minds and I have been working on giving him my heart and soul for the past twelve years.
I'd like to stay until the end, but it's no longer possible.
I just want to thank the authors, the producers, the actors, the great team, and most importantly, the best supporters a program can have.
The program is expected to return to the screens on 28 September for the twelfth season.
The mystery of fish in Banff garden
A person living in the Banff region has applied for help identifying the fish appearing in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks this 75 fish can be sand fish transported by a sea hose.
Living 500 m away from the sea, Bain published images in Periscope, hoping to shed light on the emergence of a two-inch long fish.
Queensferry Pass: Bridge now connected to Fife
The project worth £1.35 billion needs to be completed by May 2017
The engineers merged the north and the viaduct of the Queensferry Crossing; which means the bridge is now connected to Fife.
This is the first of the four closes between the three towers of the bridge and the "Tableye fans" that are about to be completed in the vicinity.
The cross-section of the bridge from Fife is 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It consists of 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 support cable.
The project worth £1.35 billion must be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the facility today and became one of the first people to walk to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry Pass.
We are all in real-scale engineering with this project, which uses over 30,000 tonnes of concrete to construct only this part of the bridge.
Despite the extraordinary size and weight of the bridge that closes the gap between the viaduct and the bridge plate, it is a delicate work requiring extremely precise tolerances for this adaptation.
In general, almost 79% of the total bridge plate is settled, the concrete breakdown of the first incision of the plate will be held in Rosyth today, which means that the whole plate will be ready to be lifted onto the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Fforth Gate and bridge Contractors Project, said: "In all bridge projects, the first closure is always an important milestone.
In this extraordinary project, this closure represents leadership in civil engineering.
We had to close the north-or land-side gap after placing the last road plate and connecting it to the expanding north tower level.
This was carried out by the Northern Viaduct in the south of 700 millimeters.
It was very big, but it was also a very delicate process.
The reason why it was large was that the viaduct was 222 meters long, almost 6000 tons and had to be pulled at about 3%.
The reason for precision is that the tolerance values that the team must adhere to are very low; only a few millimeters on both sides.
Fortunately, everything went well.
The Moelfre Gulf Rescue team: Three men ' lucky to be alive '
Three men, after they fell from the fisherman's boat in Anglesey, "lucky they survived".
The Moelfre RNLI lifeboat station, after the arrangement of the case on the Moelfre Bay, gave an alarm on Friday at 13:20 in the British daylight saving time.
Three men were trying to swim towards a safe area while the boats were on their way.
Moelfre lifeguard lifeboat control chief said, "We saw the boat drawing the right flats to them and we were worried."
"Luckily, he was away with the strong winds until we were on their way to them."
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while a 60-year-old third man was found clinging to a buoy without a life vest.
They were all removed to the lifeboat, which led to the shore and was brought to the lifeguard lifeboat station.
Mr. Jones said: "The three men who fell in the water are lucky to be alive and never injured.
There was an emergency stop cable on the boat engine, but when the boat capsized, it must have been severed from the person using the boat.
Someone was watching these three guys today.
A valuable hunting type for health and happiness, Pokémon go
It's really a surprise to see how the world has changed.
Teenagers and children no longer go out to play, their free time to spend on the screens, a lot of people have been upset over the past ten years.
Pokemon Go is encouraging people to move from the couch to the hip.
The time spent looking at the screens has spread over time to video games and finally to smartphones, especially when it's limited to television.
For this reason, it's really great to see that the technology and the Outdoors Act are not mutually exclusive.
Of course, in the 90s, I'm talking about Pokémon go, a character-based application created primarily for the video game (which later turned into a line series, game cards and other side products).
Like many cases of popular culture, this new game was brought together in the U.S., Australia and New Zealand in July.
Later, the presentation was postponed in other countries due to the intense interest that caused excessive installation on the servers.
More than Pokémon go Tinder in the days and almost reached the same number of users with Twitter.
So how's it working?
In short, players take their smartphones, follow the GPS-tracked way to search for Pokémon and find ' Take a picture ' (Take a screenshot on the phone) or ' catch ' them.
He joined this madness, leaving the couch to search for a generation that plays a younger age.
In the United States, the game gave a remarkable increase in the number of steps a person throws every day.
An application developed for Apple Watch and the following 35,000 users, the Cardiogram, who recently followed the Washington Post during the two days after the game was submitted, stated that the person exercising 30 days per day increased from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon go; only to see the raw data at the exercise level.
Most public health campaigns that encourage people to "take 30 minutes of time", "The disappearance of the couch" and "be active every day", were ignored because most public health messages were tedious and transmitted by people who seemed distraught.
But still, the importance of exercise is less emphasized.
People who exercise regularly are likely to reduce the likelihood of cancer or depression.
It provides help in subjects such as exercise, weight control, high blood pressure and diabetes, and has a list of benefits that are too long to be listed here.
But the beauty of Pokémon go is to take people out to do something they enjoy.
In this way, three basic elements of health are also met: movement, fresh air and fun with sunlight.
Some people can even acquire new friends during the hunt.
As usual, there's nothing to complain about.
And, of course, someone can hit the door when it's walking.
What difference does it make?
A great innovation was presented.
Smart phone apps like Fitbit did not offer us a reason to exercise like this game.
The effect of innovation will pass, and usage decreases over time.
However, due to the success of Pokémon, many games will be released that help people who hunt through applications and virtual reality in real-world activities are more active, fit and healthy.
Read Dr. Joe's blog posts from www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles grabs gold medal in women's gymnastics general assessment
Forget the pressure.
Forget the excitement.
Simone Biles has immunity to all this.
Dynamic in jumping.
Comfortable in the balance tool.
It's astonishing with the floor.
First Down, excellence.
And he's an Olympic champion now.
The 19-year-old American gymnast completed the overall review on Thursday, and clearly demonstrated the difference between itself and the rest of the world in the Olympics.
In total, the 62.198 points, the silver medalist and the "last five" team's friends, Aly Raisman, and the Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina were very much on it.
Simone Biles of the United States performed in the balance instrument on Thursday, the women's Artistic gymnastics overall evaluation finals in the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Brazil.
Biles was the fourth and overall fifth American woman to be awarded a back-to-back overall assessment award and announced his own generation and perhaps the best of all time.
When the last total was released, he drowned in tears and ended his long journey to reach this master.
This achievement has brought the sport to the same level as the athletes, like Michael Phelps, who can be seen once in every generation that delivers new levels:
Biles has spent the last three years as one of the most successful of this sport with its 15 world championships in gold and the striking routines of the 1984 Olympic champion, Mary Lou Retton, and the combination of ambition and tenderness, which makes her call herself "the best gymnast I have ever seen".
One last Test in Brazil was waiting for him; this competition was among the other people in the field and the burden of the great expectations.
Texas would have been disappointed to return to the family house in spring with less than a handful of gold medals.
Simone Biles of the United States, left, and Aly Raisman, held in Brazil on 2016 after receiving gold and silver medals in the general assessment of artistic gymnastics women at the Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics, Thursday, Aug.
Biles won his first-ever retired national team coordinator, Martha Karolyi, on Tuesday, when he served as an exclamation mark at the farewell party.
Although Biles insists on not looking forward to the summit at this long run, it is not entirely true.
The part of the ground exercise routine, including the iconic Taklalı passage, is prepared with Latin music that will fully adapt to the street just outside the Rio Olympic arena.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl who was adopted by her grandmother and her grandfather as a child, and was discovered by the mother of Boorman in a trip to a gym where Aimee Boorman was coached, became a force.
Since the summer of 2013, he has never lost one of the general assessments; This is a winning streak that needs to go on as long as he wants.
Although Mustafina assumed leadership in two routes, it was the pass.
The balance instrument and ground exercises undertaken by Biles ' World Championship were not yet done.
He went forward with 15.433 points in the balance instrument, and he crowned it in the ground exercise with 15.933 points.
Raisman gently hugged him while waiting for the final score, and the vision that Biles wrote once in a scrapbook was true, and tears appeared in the vicinity of glowing red, white and blue eye makeup.
The performance of Raisman was rematch four years ago, when he shared the fourth, but then lost the bronze medal to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain named "Granny" had come forward.
Occasionally, the place he overcame with a seemingly suspicious comeback sent a kiss to the crowd after the exercise.
For the 19-year-old Biles, this week's very shared tweet is now a completely new understanding:
Police: Serial killer in the case 3 victims, the car was shot listening to music
In the first serial killer case of Phoenix for ten years, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot in the car talking to police reports on Thursday and listening to music.
Officials testified that Angela Rochelle liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter, Maleah, were shot in a parked car on a driveway on June 12th.
The report indicates that the gunman was standing on the passenger side of the car, firing eight shots with the pistol and moving away with another vehicle.
Police say these three murders are not intended for robbery, because the assailant did not pay for the adult victims ' handbags or $2,900.
Deputy commissioner for Phoenix police Jonathan Howard, the investigators of the armed attack, said it was directed to investigate whether this was linked to four previous attacks.
In a four-month period, seven people were killed and two injured in the nine attacks, predominantly in the neighborhoods inhabited by Spanish origins.
Howard, at the beginning of this month, CBS subsidiary KPHO explained that "This was a residential area in front of a house".
In a model towards the end of the 1990s, Brown Nissan is thought to have used a couple of vehicles, including black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln, in a model towards the end of the 1990s.
The researchers refused to disclose evidence that the attacks were related to the same murderer and that they reached the end of the same killer.
Ellis (33) He was hospitalized for injuries, and then he lost his life.
Liner (31) and Ellis ' daughter Maleah lost her life at the crime scene.
A witness told the police that these people sitting in a parked car were not unusual to listen to music.
Authorities also issued a police report on the shooting that targeted an empty truck half an hour before the three murders.
Researchers found shell casings, pulled a bullet out of a couch, and detected bullet particles in the engine compartment.
Mother of 6-year-old Microcephala patient: "Getting better"
Like most six-year-old kids, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys, and of course his mother.
But unlike their peers, Edmund has a microcephalo disorder; this is a genetic defect that her mother Elizabeth Picciuto is unaware of her presence during her pregnancy.
When you first came home, my first thought was I couldn't do it.
I can't do that.
That's not what I wanted.
Of course, it's not true, and of course you do. "
He and his wife, Vincent, were told that Edmund could never recognize them, and that he could not even survive.
Some doctors have gone far enough to propose that he be admitted to nursing homes.
Picciuto explained "My first reaction was to say that people didn't think it was done anymore."
Edmund walks with the help of a walker.
Edmund couldn't sit upright or crawl until he was three years old, and he still can't talk.
But he's slowly reaching some milestones.
He walks with help and he knows how to ride a bike.
He also loves playing games with two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund invented to say "please sing to me."
Picciuto told CBS News that "we teach him sign language".
But as we know it, it's not sign language, it says Edmund invented his own marks.
Microsefali can arise due to a number of different situations; There may be a genetic situation like Edmund, and it could be caused by infections from viruses such as measles and zika during pregnancy.
The symptoms and the course of the disease can vary greatly.
It's too early to tell how people with Zika infections are affected by their life.
Picciuto remembers the emotional burden of his future's uncertainty.
I was always asking what was going to happen.
What's going to happen?
And he still doesn't know it.
In fact, I haven't asked a question about the course of the illness that's been a long time since I really didn't expect anyone to tell me.
Picciuto, however, can offer hopeful recommendations for the mothers of infants with a congenital apology due to Zika.
It's getting better.
You know it'll be better for you.
You'll love your child, and your child will love you.
Intense rain and water raids in Louisiana, Mississippi mobilize rescue teams
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana led the governor to declare an extraordinary state on Friday with more rain expected until Saturday.
The National Weather Services reported an overflow in the northeast of Louisiana and the countless rivers in the south of the Mississippi, which caused widespread flooding after the heavy rain flow.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards expressed that state officials are constantly in contact with local authorities and that the support of the affected neighborhoods is on the way.
Spokesman for the governor's homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness Office, Mike Steele, said he was made demands for high water vehicles, boats and trenches.
Steele just testified that tons of trenches were demanded for the Tangipahoa neighbourhood.
Until Saturday, most of southern Louisiana will have a flood seizure.
Weather services expressed that an additional 3 to 5 inches of precipitation could fall into a declaration of a statement.
In South Alabama, a flood seizure was present on Saturday, since the rain continued in the mobile zone.
Both are expected to reach record levels throughout the week at the nearby river of the Comite near Baton Rouge in Louisiana, and the Amite River near Denham Springs.
The guess is that Alek Krautmann said both rivers can leave many houses underwater in suburban districts near Baton Rouge.
He also expressed a threat to the flooding of the Ascension neighbourhood, as it would be slow to stream the full rivers to Maurepas Lake.
The Tickfaw River, located just south of the Mississippi State border in Liverpool, Louisiana, had already reached the highest level measured at 9am. Friday.
Rescue teams continue to rescue people from the water raids in the amite and Wilkinson accidents in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson, were among the rescuers near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford (62) said the waters from the Beaver Creek, which were normally 400 feet away from his home, were rapidly rising overnight.
He testified that another stepson sitting nearby warned him.
"We woke up and the water kept coming," Hansford said.
It was coming to my waist.
His wife said that this is the highest level of sex he has seen in the creek for 48 years, where he lived in Hansford.
Hansford testified that he and his family were disabled and that he was the only one who could swim.
Hansford said he rescued all three of the emergency workers with a big, military-style truck and took him to the firehouse in Gloster on Friday.
As the heavy rains continued, Krautmann expressed that the water raids were "rapidly becoming widespread" and that authorities were considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann said an observer near Livingston reported that it rained 13.75 inches of rain from midnight until Friday morning.
Since Wednesday, Krautmann said the floor has been saturated at high levels.
Authorities said the streets under heavy rains and flooding had the need to rescue the inhabitants of the Tangipahoa neighbourhood and the schools in five schools in the region.
CBS subsidiary WWL reported that a woman municipal council member at Tangipahoa said the 200 house was under flooding.
The sakins were evacuated to two churches, but they are now under flood.
Neighborhood chief Robby Miller said the authorities rescued 72 people and seven pets trapped in the rising waters.
Shelters have been opened for people evacuated in the town of Amite and Hammond.
He said, "when the water starts to retreat, they will be allowed to return home."
In the Hammond city of the Tangipahoa neighbourhood, nearly two dozen streets were closed due to rising waters and the trenches were presented to be taken by the residents trying to keep the water away from home and its businesses.
"The last major flooding we've had was in March," said Lacy Landrum, executive director of the city.
This is going to be a similar event.
In Mississippi, the Harrison accident emergency manager Rupert Lacy said the rain continued steadily on the Gulf Coast.
On Tuesday, he reported that there was a flood of water in several houses, but not so far on Friday.
Keith Townson, manager of the shopper value foods in Amite, has been living in this area for 40 years.
Townshend said, "I've seen water in places I've never seen before," and added, "and there's still rainfall."
"His body was riddled with bullets", 6-year-old Mahaj Brown survived the Philadelphia attack.
The police announced that a six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, this is the second incident in the city where a 6-year-old boy was shot.
CBS has identified Mahaj Brown's grandmother and grandfather for Philadelphia.
His grandmother and grandfather Brown's body stated that there were multiple gunshot wounds to the region, including the groin area, leg, arm and abdomen, but were conscious when brought to the hospital.
His grandmother, Delores Melendez, explained to the station, "too much suffering, tiny body riddled with bullets."
I can't believe it.
The boy was listed among those guarding the hospital's critical status, and he passed some surgeries.
The family said the station was waiting for him to heal.
He was going to start first class at the local elementary school.
Brown was among the four people who were shot in the Germantown district.
Both 29, one 32 years old, two men were shot.
CBS Philadelphia, 29-year-old men stated that one of the situation was critical, the other two victims were stable.
The station reported that the child was shot in the front seat of a car, along with one of the 29-year-old males, critical.
The other two victims weren't in the car, and the police are investigating whether or not someone is aggressive.
Detectives, CBS testified that more than one gunman could have shot at Philadelphia.
The crime scene was full of shell casings in the assault weapon style of different assault weapons.
Looks like it was definitely a long-term conflict.
There were casings on both sides of the street and on the sidewalk.
This indicates that there are multiple armed attackers and that both are active, "said Philadelphia Commissioner Anthony Ginaldi to the station.
Multiple houses and vehicles were damaged in the region.
No arrests have been made and the police have examined the surveillance cameras.
Another 6-year-old girl was shot in the arm with an accidental bullet while playing in front of his house on Tuesday at the West Oak neighborhood.
He's in the healing process and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Simone, the reason we need Gabby and Laurie
This is the name of this year's Women's Olympic gymnastics team, and there's more than one reason.
First of all, I have participated in the Summer Olympics since 1984 and the United States has never been so dominant before.
Secondly: this team has three gymnasts that inspire many girls with different ethnic origins: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez.
The structure of this team, brought together by Jewish Aly Raisman and Catholic Madison Kocian, is proud of everyone.
The team is finally displaying a similar look to America.
It also strengthens the presence of black and Latino women in the upper levels of this sport.
Over the past four years, the first female gymnast was always an African-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were ranked 1 and 2.
It's a powerful thing.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion and America supported him.
Now the world's three world championships, Simone Biles, can witness the extraordinary performances of Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, consisting of the unexpected but ingenious gymnastics routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth consecutive American to win a gold medal in the women's overall assessment.
And his teammate, Aly Raisman, won the silver medal.
We are known for the best times of this sport, but this is not the case in gymnastics courses nationwide.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie followed the same path as Aly and Madison to be in the Olympic teams.
The reason they are "the final five" is that only four gymnasts will be found on the next Olympic gymnastics team, and that's the last year Marta Karolyi would be a trainer.
But in reality gymnastics is a highly costly sport and gymnasts primarily employed in the training, travel, uniforms, competitions, hotel fees (for coaches, gymnasts and families) and many more, supported by the parents in the special gymnastic clubs.
Most of these gymnastic clubs are located in the affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support these enterprises.
These clubs require a costly and long-term commitment to the only place where gymnasts are trained and the families of gymnasts.
Simone Biles coach Aimee Boorman and Laurie Hernandez's coach, Maggie Haney, have been training these athletes since the day they started gymnastics.
For countless young girls affected by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, we do not offer more reasonably priced and accessible gymnastics training for the communities.
I founded my own gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, Harlem-based, over 15,000 youths in the city (primarily black and Hispanic) offered free and low-cost gymnastics training and coached both national and International champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (where I grew up) to offer quality gymnastics education to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this wonderful Olympic sport.
Gymnastics enhances the strength, flexibility and coordination of the body and provides rigorous work, discipline and stability characteristics from mental angle.
This combination offers long-term benefits in health, school and success.
The one that will lead thousands of young girls to gymnastics will inspire this team, and that's great.
Participation in sports activities is especially important for girls.
We're really passing through exciting times.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison as the Olympic team, bringing in the gold medal, "The Power of girls", and motivating many young girls with different backgrounds to become a healthy, strong and successful young woman.
After the rejection of Jeremy Hunt's offer, the assistant doctors decided to continue the grey houses.
The ministers hoped that the dispute would end after the agreed on the contract developed with the British Medical Association officers, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 assistant doctors who participated in the vote voted rejection.
In July, Mr. Hunt announced the NHS's plans to impose sanctions on the contract by expressing that "no one's property" and more delays would harm the staff and the patients.
The first assistant Doctor group has been recently passed to the new contract, which includes changes in working applications at night and weekends to improve maintenance outside of normal hours.
Dr. Ellen McCourt, chairman of the BMA's assistant doctors committee, said in a statement last night: "Assistant doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, and they think that this will trigger the current workforce crisis and that there is no equal attitude to all doctors."
Only eight weeks remaining in the new contract of the first Doctor's group must be made progress in this process and the time is about to expire.
The efforts of BMA to resolve the dispute by speaking are welcomed by the Government's reluctance to interact and in some cases the deafening silence.
This is an improvement, despite the promise that Jeremy Hunt's door was always open last month.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act immediately, remove the sanctions and heed the concerns of the resident doctors."
The Assistant doctors are clearly expressing that they are prepared to increase their business slowdown actions if they do not do so.
In the last strike at the end of April, almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments were postponed, nurses and consultants had to look after the doctors on the strike line.
The ministers hoped that the dispute would end after the agreed was reached on the contract developed with the British Medical Association's assistants.
BMA wants to improve the weekend fees for the 54,000 assistant doctor on contract.
The NHS Employers ' executive Board director Daniel Mortimer urged the assistant doctors not to apply any strikes.
Mr Mortimer said: "The strike does not solve anything, but it causes anxiety, discomfort and distress for the patients, the ministers and their families, who have been pressured on the team and the services that are already busy."
We have continued our negotiations with the Assistant Doctors committee over the past two months, and we have been positively approached by the Health Ministry and other officials regarding the duty of supervision and the apprehension of the warning.
Employers, important issues-distribution, flexibility of education, additional training for those who seek careers, tuition costs, mutual reconciliation on the curriculum, the continuation of positive communication in relation to the terms of education and gender wage difference in medicine, in compliance with the agreements reached by BMA in November, February and May, was hopeful that employers were a sign of how seriously taken by the British Medical Education and the health Ministry.
Drug that can eliminate the danger of heart attack at £2 cost per day
Thousands of heart attacks can benefit from £2 costly medicines a day, after which the authorities propose to be given to more people with longer periods of time.
Preventing coagulation, Ticagelor reduces the risk of recurring crises for people with heart disease.
The drug was given for 12 months following the heart attack and reduced the risk of paralysis or another crisis.
The NHS observer, the Nice, suggested that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now the NHS Observer, the Nice, suggested that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Every year in the UK, around 140,000 people are having a heart attack and one quarter of them are undergoing another crisis or paralysis.
Heart attacks and felchers cause the accumulation of fatty substances in the form of plaque on the arterial walls.
If the plate is fragmented, it can cause a blood clot, preventing blood from the heart, causing a cardiac crest.
And if the clot is dislodged, a stroke occurs when blood flows through the brain and prevents blood flow.
People who have already had a crisis have a higher risk of having another crisis.
The Ticagrelor, created by the UK company AstraZeneca by the trade name of Brilique, reduces the likelihood of clotting, reducing the risk.
The Nice Guide Draft today recommends that people be given 90 mg of Ticagrelor for 12 months and then apply 60 mg of aspirin two times a day for three years.
"Although effective secondary prevention treatments exist, a quarter of the heart attacks are undergoing another heart attack or paralysis, and often their consequences are devastating," said Professor Carole Longson, a manager at the Nice Health Technology Assessment Center.
The fear of relapse can create a very negative impact on the quality of life of the person.
The evidence shows that the use of the ticagrelorun with aspirin is effective in reducing the recurring heart attack and paralysis risk for the person who had previously suffered a heart attack.
With the provisional recommendation of Ticagrelorun, we are pleased to have increased the treatment options offered to thousands of people waiting to benefit from it.
Information about the effectiveness and safety of ticagrelorun-more than three years--especially at the risk of bleeding--is limited, the guideline draft is not recommended for treatment after this period.
PC culture raises vote corruption in Muslim regions
Former Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman received his post last year after the government report on corruption
As evidenced by the devastating government report presented today, the culture of political correctness has led to the disregard for widespread vote corruption in Muslim communities.
Former cabinet minister, Sir Eric Pickles, scolded the police, electoral observers and the municipal palace for ignoring evidence of electoral misconduct due to "excessive sensitivity to ethnic origin and religion".
The former community secretary and today's anti-corruption tsar, the voters ' digestion of religious motives, said at a very bad level that the police need to be allowed to draw lanes outside the voting booths to protect the frightened voters.
He suggested that voters keep their identities in their possession to prove their identity when they vote.
In the present case, it is enough to say the name and address of the selection.
The report suggests that even permanent ink is applied to the finger during the voting process to prevent people from voting twice.
Sir Eric said they need to be better protected.
He called for better access to the press on the decisions of board documents and unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is not only to protect against fraud in the elections, but also aims to protect the local government from the culture of corruption and financial fraud that has been seized by it," he said.
The report was drafted by the instruction of Downing Street, after Tower Hamlets ' vote scandal in east London.
Last year, a special electoral court, repeated corruption and illegal practices then decided to take the task of Mayor Lutfur Rahman.
The Tribunal has determined that Rahman has "abused" the religious feelings of the Muslim community and silenced his critics with racism and Islamophobia accusations.
He stated that Rahman's campaign "was based on the basis of a religious task in which the faithful Muslims voted for him".
Up to 300 games were suspected, or the use of fake identities was the result of voting like someone else.
Sir Eric testified that there was evidence of fraud in the country.
He specifically warned about the corruption in voting with the post--where the elderly people of the Muslim community were allegedly pressured to vote on their chosen island.
Sir Eric has offered some suggestions for regulating the voting system, including identifying who they are, to prove who they are.
The report contained the following statements: "Some of the ethnic minority communities, especially women and young people, particularly in the communities of Pakistan and Bangladesh originated in the direction to vote in accordance with the will of the elderly will be issued evidence of repression.
"The political correctness of the State institutions based on the excessive sensitivity of ethnic origin and religion" had concerns about the disregard for such behaviour. "
Sir Eric found 50 proposals for the regulation of the system, including preventing the post-voting documents from being prevented from processing political activists in order to "vote collection".
The report, examined by Theresa May, also calls for the tightening of registration controls to prevent the election log from being used for immigration and social assistance fraud.
Consideration of the option to show the identity before voters vote.
Applying permanent ink to the person's fingers after voting to prevent any person from voting twice.
Conducting systematic checks on the nationality of the person to determine eligibility to vote.
Implementation of a three-year limitation to the demands of automatic mail voting.
The prohibition of the political campaign assistants and activists to process the envelopes sent by the completed post and the postings of the votes sent by mail.
Granting the police the ability to strip around voting booths.
Amendment of the law to facilitate the accusation of scaring people under the 1983 People's Representative law.
Illegal shooting of photos in voting booths.
In the voting booths (in Wales), only the terms of speaking English.
Strengthening the training that the staff of the voters have taken on the rule of entering the Cabinet alone.
Sir Eric criticized the police force by saying it was "interesting" that no charges were made in the Tower Hamlets case.
"The electoral court has decided that there is no place to blame for the repeated corruption and illegal activities for Lutfur Rahman and his representative," he said.
He was found guilty of a number of reasons--beyond reasonable doubt--according to the nature of criminal evidence.
He also criticised the "tile marking controls" which were not effective in the municipal Court's electoral registration departments.
Sir Eric said: "Tower Hamlets ' last year's court ruling was a warning alert.
Although our nation has the pride of establishing the memory of the parliaments, it may cause the widespread corruption of this worrying and secret electoral fraud and the rejection of this good reputation by some institutions.
Be crazy for Kate's cyclist and other famous similarities to the Rio Olympic players
This week, the fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics went berserk for the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who proved impressive resemblance to the Duchess of Cambridge.
However, the 24-year-old Olympic athlete is not the only athlete who draws attention to celebrities as they fight for the gold medal this summer; that's what social media thinks.
For this reason, the honour of all the famous symbols we see in Rio Games and screens, FEMAIL, has prepared a list of Olympic athletes who resemble Hollywood celebrities beyond the resemblance of them.
Hunter and Kurt: U.S. Men's Archery team member Brady Ellison (left), compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood
In addition to the resemblance to Kate's bike track, many online media showed that an archer could resemble Leonardo DiCaprio as his twin.
Brady Ellison, a member of the US men's archery team, shook Twitter after revealing photos of the resemblance to the star of the money-catcher movie.
And the Archer has admitted that he has been told that he has been like Leo since he was a child, noticing this madness in the social media.
Brady said to the Huffington Post: ' I don't think there's a great resemblance to hair and beard. '
' He's a handsome man, so I guess that's a compliment. '
One of the most popular comparisons of London 2012, and undoubtedly this year, there is another similarity that will attract even more attention: the incredible resemblance to the British long-jump athlete Greg Rutherford's popular actor, Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, the great and meaningful minister of the eyes of the Cuban-originated American artist Gloria Estefan, was expressed as one-to-one.
And in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been likened to the Glee star Matthew Morrison for years.
Change: This user is a ' athletic version ' of Nathan's starting film star.
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett are compared to each other for a long time due to the similarity of bushy eyebrows and lips.
The Russian team's silver medal swimmer, actress AnnaLynne McCord, has the same bronze skin and blond hair, while fans of the US team say Nathan Adrian's athletic version of ' Joseph Gorgon Levitt '.
Hard women: Football star Hope Solo (left) and Dexter's star Jennifer Carpenter (right) has a similar face shape and eyes
Not alone: A Twitter user was very pleased that other people would notice this similarity
A theory that remains in the air: This user thinks that this pair can be a cause behind the same appearance
A Twitter user, "the rest of the internet to think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter's like twins," he moved to this site.
Indeed, the American football star and actress in Dexter have similar face shapes and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include the big smiles of Gabby Walsh-Jennings, actress Laura Linney's almost identical smile, and Gabby Douglas, the star of the Youth Fire film, and Gabrielle Union, another gold medalist gymnast.
CBC Olympic announcer apologizes for interpretation of the Chinese swimmer as ' pig dead '
Byron MacDonald's analysis of the fourth of the 14-year-old Ai Yanhan in the 4x200 m freestyle race was very outraged by the viewers of CBC's live Olympic broadcast on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC, one of the Spiker's 14-year-old women were forced to apologise for his comments on the Chinese swimmer's "Gone like a bad smell" and the race ' dead Like a pig '.
Announcer, Byron MacDonald, women thought his mic was off when he started explaining his own ideas in the 4x200 m freestyle flag race finals.
The CBC's announcer team was included in the ' color ' to include the following words of MacDonald's remarks: ' The 14-year-old little Chinese screwed up, baby '.
He was too excited, wiped out like a bad smell and died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan (14), the second leg of the flag Race 1:57.79, the Canadian Taylor Rack, 1.61 seconds in the strain of the Canada to close the difference between the Canadian and the Chinese allowed.
Canadian viewers move rapidly after being amazed by the tone and language used
Emmett Macfarlane "The CBC announcer just said the 14-year-old swimmer died like a pig????
The retard wasn't aware that he was still on the air.
Chinese AI Yanhan, 4 x 200 m free flag race is described as follows: ' The 14-year-old little Chinese are badly screwed, baby. '
Twitter is very hard and quickly published criticism about Byron MacDonald and many of them were qualified to denounce him.
Twitter users couldn't hold themselves when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: ' Wow # Byronmacdonald.
You represent CBC and Canada, and you're causing us all to look like racists. Nausea.
Shortly thereafter, Scott Russel, who continued the CBC's broadcast, apologized to the following words for MacDonald's interpretation: ' We apologize for the review of the swimming race. '
These are really unfortunate words, and we're sorry that this happened.
CBC, the person who tweeted in response to the interpretation is a minimum of 90 times to apologize
Another announcer, Scott Russel, was forced to apologise on behalf of MacDonald.
CBC then copied and pasted this apology to over 90 Twitter users who communicated their complaints about MacDonald's comments
The network quickly issued a statement that apologizes.
We would like to express our sincere regret that these statements have been made and that they have been published.
We quickly apologized last night, on the air, from our viewers, in social media.
We'd like to explain that Byron's comments were about the performance of the swimmer, not the personality.
However, they were a very inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, and Byron is extremely upset about what he said.
On Thursday, in the afternoon, MacDonald also apologized and said he did not want to engage in a personal attack, saying that he attempted to defend his words.
He said, "I want to apologize for a comment I made after the women's flag race last night in the Olympic publication of CBC."
' I was referring to the performance, not the personality of the swimmer. '
' Needless to say, I did not want to disrespect and I am so sorry. '
Primark's client threw up rage on the woman who tried to wear a vague underwear in the middle of the store
The clients didn't know what to do when a woman took off her clothes to try panties on the store floor in the middle of Primark.
Even worse, she looked at what she looked like, took it out and reshelved it.
He continued to look and subsequently tried four pairs of underwear at the Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkestone.
Before she reshelved her panties were the Primark store in the Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkestone
At the time, two children in the store, her mother, Jenny Davidson, said that after trying the mysterious woman's underwear, she was ' dressed again and out of the store without getting anything '.
He said: ' People didn't believe in their eyes. '
He stood in the middle of the store and took a panty from the showcase, wearing his pantyhose and pants off.
' He did not try to look for a special place to do this, and he stood in the middle with all his disrespect. '
' Everyone was staring at him and he didn't like panties ' cause he put it back on the shelf.
He tried three more clothes until he decided he didn't like anything, and then he came back from the store dressing up again.
' The viewers seemed not to care for himself and did not think about the person who would buy the panties he had tried on. '
Mrs. Davidson (33), who lives in Kent Town, said: ' It's so disgusting to think that someone else is going to pick up a pair of panties that have not been cleaned. '
This happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs. Davidson added: ' I think that the staff is getting out of sales after he's out, which is a good situation. '
' When I took a new pair of panties and went home, it would be really bad to think that panties were wearing someone else's clothes and came to me without a bath. "
A Primark spokesman said: ' Primark is aware of the incident in our store in Folkestone on Tuesday (August 9th). '
The relevant product has been removed from the sale.
How to protect yourself against armed attacks with Krav Maga
The outside world is quite dangerous, but this video that URDailymail.com offers can help you be safer.
To find out how to deal with armed robbers nearby, we interviewed the chief Master of the New York-based Krav Maga Federation, Rhon Mizrachi.
Whether you're on the front or the rear, this video will show you how to turn the situation against the robber.
Mizrachi, when you approach the back, you first need to face the assailant and see the attacker and say, ' Evacuate the line of fire '.
Then you will hit your face with your empty elbow, holding the gun between your forearm and your shoulder.
Then, when you kneel to the groin, the attacker's pain will double up, and at that point, you're going to take the gun, and if the gun is pointing at it, you'll hit it in the face with the barrel of the gun and the rear.
When the gunman approaches the front, a similar technique is applied; you draw your body from the firing line and you turn the gun in the way that the assailant cannot fire.
At the same time, by giving your weight to the gun, by punching the attacker from the chest zone, you turn the gun and take it from him, and you stretch the weapon to the point.
Does that sound tricky?
Check out the videotape to see how Mizrachi did it.
Remember, however, if you are not a Krav Maga master, the safest way to avoid every robbery is to give your money to the robber.
The traveler Ian Wright drove his tongue to the dirtiest places in Europe for his travel guide
The British traveler, licking some of Europe's dirtiest and disgusting places, has undergone a serious test of the immune system and the gag reflex.
The presenter and travel writer, Ian Wright of Suffolklu (51), drove his tongue to a euro bill, a Piccadilly ily circus rake, a siphon button on a train toilet and a pay phone in Russia to prove the power of the immune system.
He used a lumminometer to show himself and what kind of work he was involved in before he licked each object.
But the Lickhiger's guide to the inner strength of the experiment, which was to be converted into a film, gave some surprising results.
Although the idea of licking the siphon button on a train used by thousands of people is extremely disgusting, there is actually a lot more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Mr. Wright met with doctors and medical professionals regarding the increase in gastric bacteria and health during his trip to Europe.
Fortunately, nothing he licked has made an impression on the bad taste in his mouth.
Mr. Wright was known for exploring the world and testing the endurance of his stomach by eating strange and wonderful things.
In a large range from the general handrail of the train stations to the toilet flushing button, this mission has definitely tested the immune system.
In the film about this, he said: ' I've never been very careful of my health since I was a child and I put a lot of things into my mouth, from the soil to the worms and muddy water. '
When the film lasted, it proved its reputation precisely.
The only thing he refused was a filthy public toilet in Russia.
The creep sample showed a lumminometer count on the 4000 unit.
If the comparison needs to be done, the new washed hands must be under 60.
However, while the new washed hands were under 60, the Lumminometer count was a Russian public toilet that refused to lick when the 4000 was on the unit.
Mr. Wright and Finnish dairy producer Valio has undertaken the production of a travel film titled The Lickhiker's Guide to inner strength, which shows the number of bacteria in different places such as bathrooms.
He said in the film: ' It's close to being one of the worst things I've smelled in a toilet. '
There's nothing more filthy than that!
I can't lick anything because it's disgusting inside.
The Lickhiger's guide to inner strength was created with the Finnish dairy producer Valio.
The company provided Mr. Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains vitamins C and D, which help strengthen the lactic acid bacteria as well as the gastric bacteria and immune system.
Valio's snacks, fruit juices and new Categories section Senior Vice President Niko Vuorenmaa said: "We wanted to offer consumers something really new.
Something that's impressive to watch and also explain the benefits of probiotics.
In the end, we did a lot of crazy brainstorming with the idea of "let's call Ian."
They claim that the interest in gastric health has become a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products we wanted to put a much larger binding on the products; the good and bad bacteria around us on a daily basis, the importance of gastric health and its connection to the immune system.
The interest in gastric health is becoming a global phenomenon, with this documentary we would be able to give consumers more information about this situation in an engaging manner.
I also think the film shows that we have a great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added: "I would say, I would have lost my respect for him if Ian had licked some of the things I wanted to lick like the hideous Russian toilet in the movie."
While it was easy for Ian to lick some stuff naturally, some of it was pretty hard.
I'm glad we filmed some of these nasty licking acts. '
In a survey conducted by Valio in 2015, 84 per cent of respondents associated lactic acid bacteria with gastric health, and 58 per cent expressed the use of products containing lactic acid bacteria at least intermittently.
Maganda family destroys Saltash, Cornwall's social housing before evacuation
A Maganda family has left a damage worth £50,000 in the social housing where they were evacuated with the need to scare their neighbors.
After a lot of complaints about Tanya Skeldon and his wife Shaun Trbilecock, Saltash was expelled from the residence in Cornwall.
When they were forcibly removed from the property, the housing association authorities were astonished to see that the property was irreparable.
There were large holes in the walls, the floorboards were dismantled, the ground was scattered and the walls were written in the wall.
The family is now suspended from the residence and is believed to benefit from special accommodation options
Cornwall housing housing manager Donna McEvoy expressed fear that the situation could not be recovered.
He said: ' This is really a nightmare for people here, and I think people shouldn't have to live that way.
There's a lot to be reckoned with, because this property will now be known as a very unpleasant part of Cornwall.
This family has a bad reputation, and their names are notorious.
The family had three sons who lived in the interim, and according to the police, there was a lot of frightening behavior, including fighting the baseball bat in the street, scaring nearby residents, drug use, drug sales and excessive shouting, arguing and cursing.
In June, the anti-social behaviour was decided for Skeldon (47), the lease contract.
Old trash found in many quarters of the House considered to be demolished
In the past, the flooring board was removed from the property of the drug sale.
Neighbors said they saw them fighting in the street and the police often searched
After 11 weeks of acquaintance, Cornwall housing was extended to voluntarily move, and he forcibly evacuated him and his wife this week.
The evacuation was welcomed by the relieved neighbors who said their lives returned to the hilt.
One person said: ' Nobody cared. '
We've been living with them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
You can't believe how many times we've seen cops here.
' This morning, we couldn't sleep. '
We woke up because it was so quiet; we're not used to it!
They're finally gone, everything's going to be great now.
Cornwall Housing's neighbor enforcement officer, man Fitzpatrick, testified that the family did not cooperate with the local government.
The family has been in this House for 20 years, and the property has been lived often called police.
Garbage and old toys were dumped on the side of the social housing
He added: ' It is really embarrassing that the tenant does not take any responsibility for the evacuation of himself and his family; The evacuation has always been the last option that Cornwall housing refers to.
It was a very challenging case because the behaviors were extreme and the actions were frightening at the level that neighbors shouldn't testify.
I greatly admire the efforts of my team, Devon and Cornwall Police forces and the courageous community members to inform us.
I hope this development is a message that the neighbors will make some relief and that the antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Mr. Fitzpatrick said that there were three sons living on the property at different times, but they were in their 20s.
A dirty bed left on the floor of one of the house's bedrooms after the evacuation
Housing workers will need to clean the garbage stacks surrounding the house
In 2014, police found over 70 grams of marijuana, scales, special items and £1700 cash.
Skeldon was sentenced to fines after accepting his crime in the possession of Class B drugs with intent to sell.
He claimed to use the money to get a tombstone for his son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After being homeless, it turns out that Tanya and his wife are now in a private residence in Plymouth.
Most of the house had wall inscriptions on the walls of the room.
Police testified that they would try to evacuate tenants violating the lease rules
The evacuation of Devon and Cornwall Police forces, Angela Crow, said it was a warning to other tenants who continued to violate the rules.
He said, "This is a message for those who think they can behave as they wish without any push and that their behaviour will be wasted."
Devon and the Cornwall Police Force will continue to work with their partners to protect the community, and will never tolerate crime and antisocial behaviour.
Tourists in Portugal terrified by the low-flying military aircraft crossing the beach immediately
Portugal, sunbathing tourists in Aveiro, lived the shock of their lives
Portuguese Air Force P-3c Orion aircraft flew extremely low
The Air Force expressed that this was a training flight, but insisted that there was no safety risk.
This is the moment the tourists start panicking when they pass through the low-flying jet-filled beach.
In the dramatic images, in the north of Portugal, in Aveiro, there is almost a military aircraft approaching the sun at the touch level.
The vacationers stood up from the clouds from what they were concerned about the noise that jet engines created, not seeing what was coming towards them.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon at Costa Nova near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the few vacationers who shared the video of the dramatic close-flight social media, said: ' Two times it really went down, and it seemed like it was about to crash at some point. '
Nuno Arroja added: ' I was surfing and I swear I felt like the plane was going to fall on me. '
Tourists on the beach in Aveiro, the plane from the darkness was terrified when it began to fly in extremely low altitude
The Portuguese Air Force announced today that the P-3c Orion plane was on a training flight to describe the pilot's fishing boats on the beach and that it had to go so low that it was the only way to control them.
Nearby extinguish the power of smoke from the fire because the visibility is weak, the jet said it flew lower than normal, but the Air Force insisted that no one's safety was compromised.
This summer, the extinguish power fires have quite destroyed certain parts of the Portuguese main blacktop and caused four of the death of the Madeira Island.
The Portuguese Air Force today stated that the pilot should fly low due to difficult conditions (extinguish the intense fog and smoke caused by fires)
Aircraft was on the training flight and as part of the exercise, the pilot was asked to identify the fishing boats
A London schoolgirl attending ISIS killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of the three British girls who left London to join the ISIS last year, was reported dead in Syria.
Attorney Tasnime Akunjee testified that his family received information about his death in Rakka, Syria a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported on Thursday that he is presumed to have died in a Russian air attack on Rakka region, where the group is strong in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old, and according to his family, he died when he was planning to flee the country that was damaged by the war and return to Britain.
"We hope that this situation will emphasize that it is indeed risky to go to the battlefields as a tombstone and testament for others and discourage people from making that choice."
In February 2015, two female students from Sultana and east London boarded a plane to Turkey and then on a bus to the border of Syria.
Sultana's family was married to a ISIS warrior in Syria and said he was widowed in months.
Reid said that if Clinton was elected, he would not give up Garland as a high Court candidate.
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, testified that the Democrats believed that President Hillary Clinton would nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court if elected president.
Republicans in the Senate had prevented Garland's ratification process since President Barack Obama nominated himself in March.
The Senate's majority leader, Mitch McConnell, testified that the former Supreme Court Judge Antonin Scalia would elect the new president.
In a video conference Thursday, Reid testified that Clinton would choose Garland and said, "That's why."
Later, a spokesman for Reid said he was not speaking directly to Clinton and speculation that he would nominate Garland.
He praised Garland and testified that Clinton's team did not want to "disrupt the current situation" by making a new choice.
Garland is the chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court of State of Columbia.
Reid testified that the Republicans, who prevented Garland from being nominated, were "Minions" and "Yanks" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He said Trump wasn't fit for duty.
Treats stated that ' for men as well as for women ' is a nude calendar.
The treats magazine works with photographer David Bellemere to publish a prepared calendar inspired by the Pirelli from the 1970s for 2017.
But instead of the famous and naked people, they are trying to find the new generation top models for the 2017 Nu inspired Fairies calendar.
The president of the treats, Steve Shaw, had a high nudity rate earlier this year, which was different from the old playboy, because "Playboy was for Men".
I do it for women.
He obviously believes that's the way the calendar is.
Shaw said in the press release on the calendar, "We need to go back to exhibiting the timeless, classical nudity that women like men should be able to look at as a source of inspiration to these images of women's body."
Women will want to be part of this project as it is a beautiful art work.
Models can send photos online or participate in open meetings in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinyl goal: Buy The fields who really?
Middle-aged, lonely men love vinile.
Don't let us tell you that this statement is based on actual data before you go to the comment section to make spectacular insults under the rug, not the men who are all alone.
According to YouGov, the return of the records, which is a highly-mentioned subject, is a result of the middle age nostalgia, not the Y-belt that the physical object creates.
Areas that buy vinyl album recently are mostly between 45 and 54 years old.
In fact, the 18-24 age group is the lowest probability.
This is also not only due to the accumulation of enthusiasts; it's an emotional significance; older vinyl receivers are usually people who love to keep their emotions to themselves (56% and 53%) and are delighted to be alone (69% and 66%).
And YouGov's results are true?
If this blog had news published on TV, the camera would be on a crowded street in Soho, walking with a modest gray suit, watching a lot of gestures before they were constantly opening my hands and then saying something authoritarian like: "Let's have a look."
Well, let's have a look.
The center of Soho gradually loses its growth and unusual weather (once the buildings of independent vendors are now filled with hotels, eats, prets and paperchases) there are still several expert record stores.
I'd probably have to stop at the camera for the next part; I would try to learn about their age and emotional status by standing near different men in some of these stores.
From sister Ray (data count: Two young women, three middle-aged men) to reckless records (data count: eight middle-aged males, probably a woman in their 20s), I followed the Glasgowu Stuart (55), spends the afternoon in London for a meeting and takes a look at the stores to fill in a few hours.
I'm asking if it's a collector.
He says, "I think I am."
I have about 3000 or 4000 plaga.
These plaques (the picture was sent to me by e-mail, I did not follow him home) the walls of the living room are adorned.
The reason for collecting so many albums and singles is a result of a partially expendable income; he can get the records he doesn't have for his money when he first gets out, and he can buy back what he sells in young and penniless times.
"Most of what I get is the early ' 60s, the beginning of the ' 70s, I'm too young to take things when I'm 11 or 12 years old."
The record buys the idea that the people who love to be alone, are likely to be introverted, and add: "I don't smoke, I don't drink too much.
That's my bad habit.
The Wez (25), working at Sister Ray, believes that most of the customers who are faced with the YouGov profile.
However, he also realized that a new wave was affected by exaggerated advertisements in the media, that people who heard the fashion coming back needed to buy the old records back.
I realized that, normally, in 1998 or 1999, people were disposing of their collections.
Customers who originally sold their vinyl to buy CDs now sell their CDs to retrieve the records, "he says.
This can explain the increase in a certain age of people who reanimates the vinyl.
What about the alleged emotional significance of the records?
In a store like Phonica, it takes you a few seconds to realize that record stores offer an EaseUS community of similar personalities.
According to Wez, some senior customers were particularly offended by the contactless payment system.
Some of the vinyl enthusiasts may want to take refuge in the stability of familiar plaque covers, reminiscent of the digital world and the memories of calm youth again.
Wez says, "Sometimes it's because you can fill a void or see material items as some kind of comfort."
I'm a collector myself, and I think it's a lot of people.
It's an easy way to fill your head.
A colleague who's been popping out of a plaque pile says "We're a social worker."
A poll conducted in April revealed that 50% of vinyl album areas last month did not listen to the album yet.
The survey also revealed that 41% of them had a truck that they never had, and 7 per cent bought vinyl, even though there were no plaques.
During this phase of the story, I was probably looking at an extremely anxious look at a series of bossa nova Bessesini.
The "reward" aspect of this comeback is a factor in the sounds of the Universe (data count: Three middle-aged men), which is realized by Jonny (42) employee.
"Someone recently came to me and said," I don't have a record, but I want to buy a Radiohead plaque to put it on our shelf. "
Although this does not represent a large percentage, it certainly reflects the current situation.
More products, less music.
There are people who say, "I don't have a record."
These are not seniors, young people, who are at the end of their age, who are new to this issue.
Now when I arrive at Fopp, which has almost all the solid for vinyl, I see the audience is quite volatile.
There are couples in their 70s, photos of tourists, young boys and middle-aged women.
The atmosphere is good to see the diversity among the customers, although the above mentioned stores (the last part of the wild Beast) are less serene and the sex-content pop is spreading instead of soothing jazz from the speakers.
None of them seem particularly alone, but it's hard to analyze psychological trauma that bothers them for a long time by standing next to someone 30 seconds.
Elanora (27), a couple of minutes wandering around Fopp and browsing the license plates.
Instead of spending it, he just went out to look at the showcases.
He says he has no choice but to make a record collection.
It's cost-effective.
It's easier to listen to music from the computer or other forms, but the beauty of the Vinilin... "He pulls away like a loveliness.
I don't know how to explain it, it's really like.
My last stop is a store that is said to inspire the new generation of vinyl enthusiasts: Urban Outfitters.
I observe a group of young girls who have gathered around the Polaroid cameras for a while before a father and his daughter debate about purchasing a Crosley record player while pretending to be studying jeans.
On the left is a stairwell filled with Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac's records; an average collection of non-essential plaques; a mixture of modern and classic.
No one's looking; maybe these are just for decoration purposes, some of them are too high to be touched.
This is an artistic vinyl.
But curiosity about these things can mean that the industry will make more money and fewer customers to send to the depths of Soho; there's not much to complain about.
It's not surprising that a demographic group that has more money and time than most of them spends more money on luxury things like vinyl.
However, my findings show that the results of YouGov are right at least in Soho record stores; they do not account for women collectors and vinyl enthusiasts who are more than a number, in reality, in record stores, or on online forums.
These people are probably working very hard at school or offices.
These people are definitely not running from the look of a 30-year-old fake television presenter who looks over the shoulders of the middle-aged men, looking through the plates, examining the records, and not knowing anything about Thursday evenings on Berwick Street.
Greenland shark, the longest-lived vertebrate animal in the world-video news
Scientists say that the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan among vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who conducted studies on sharks, testified that the record belonged to a five-metre long female, considered to be between 272 and 512 years old.
French court rejects bid to demolish stores in jungle refugee camp
A court in France rejected the offer of the Calais authorities for the destruction of dozens of makeshift stores and restaurants in the jungle camp where thousands of refugees lived.
In this week's trial, the Calais authorities argued that the state should be demolished by a total of 72 makeshift stores, where the people in the camp sold many products from cigarettes to the energy drinks, made by haircuts or for 50 cents (40p) for tea or for a few euros in exchange for basic meals.
The governor of Calais argued that these places should be demolished because they have created a parallel economy that is not tax-deductible and are harboring risk of fire and hygiene.
Charitable groups, the court said that the store and restaurants are vital, the free food offered by state-funded organisations and other groups is not enough for the growing population in the camp.
They argued that makeshift stores and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to their needs.
A court in Lille stated that there is no legal basis for deportation of the people who operate the 72 makeshift store, but that the concerns of the Calais governor are "completely understandable".
Judge Jean-François Molla, the grocery stores, cafes and restaurants "in extremely dangerous conditions", said the people who live in a much greater role than just feeding.
He expressed that these areas provide comfortable meeting points for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that is in danger of destruction is the book Café for Children in the nonprofit jungle, which offers 200 meals every day, teaches English and French, and gives advice on asylum to hundreds of underage refugees in the camp.
The person on 170,000 signed a petition to protect this café for children.
In a letter to the Guardian, it was stated that the closure process would be "a disaster for these children, some of whom are eight years old".
Two charities, help refugees and L'Auberge des migrants, estimated that the number of the population in the jungle camp was on 9,000 (the highest number ever) on Friday after the increasing arrival in the summer.
After the gold in the Fiji Masters class, Britain was a silver medalist at the rugby Yedili Championships
The dramatic progression of the Great Britain's Rugby 7 championship ended after the 43-7 defeat at the Rio Deodoro Stadium in the finals held on Thursday with Fiji.
Fiji taught mastery on grip, rust, side step, support, running lines and muscle strength to get the gold medal, the first Olympic medal in every color.
After defeat, Britain received the third silver medal of the day as a non-evil consolation prize, and can now be proud of their efforts at the Olympic 7 inaugural tournament, where they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
At the beginning of the day, the half-finals of the South African team, which was crushed by 7-5, could have found them in the finals.
But still, a Fiji that's so in shape could beat a team of 15.
Although it is not very credible, perhaps Great Britain may find solace in thinking that at least one Englishman will wear a gold medal tomorrow: the head coach of Fiji, Ben Ryan, is a British from Wimbledon.
This has been a very difficult journey for Great Britain.
Eight roads ago, when they worked with Ryan, they lost every game in the Adelaide Sevens championship.
This time, they just lost one.
Even though this delirium can be painful, the progress shown is truly astonishing.
Fiji has made a fascinating start, the players have gone through a ricochet of Great Britain's attempts to get the ball.
It was like running between captain Tom Mitchell and a series of moving buses for his team, and 5-0 passed the World Series champions, when Osea Kolinisao moved from the corner to the front.
In the fourth minute, Jerry Tuwai came across another number from the right flank to the curve.
The match was 12-0, and Great Britain almost didn't touch the ball.
Mitchell's great intervention prevented Leone Nakarawa from skipping the third of the mountain, but this was just delaying the number of Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Verememua scored in the right corner and the Great Britain 17-0 fell backwards.
With only one minute left to the first half, Nakarawa has made another number by coming from the beginning.
Later, Vatemo Ravouvou flew through some of the toughest great British interventions to the line for the number.
With this number, the halftime score reached 29-0.
When a team was founded to play in the Fiji 7 Championship, Great Britain was just trying to learn the basics of the job.
The situation is like this.
Great Britain has made great changes between the circuit and closed the Fiji Dam; for exactly four minutes, which was a good development for the first half, until Josua Tuisova appeared on stage with the perfect Fiji game.
Dan Norton was in a trial for Great Britain, and even though he tried to score 36-7 in the left corner to do the scoring, the game fans were in the South Sea islands, singing, waving and dancing.
It was really hard not to admire the joyous approach of Fiji from the beginning.
Maa Viliame also adored the latest additions to the Fiji game, which does not need to be decorated in the last few minutes.
When the whistle was played, the Fijticus began to celebrate and the Great Britain took the path of the locker room, which was defeated.
At the beginning of the day, Fiji defeated Japan in the semifinals of 20-5, and Great Britain faced South Africa in a challenging semi-final encounter; Britain crossed the line with a single number.
Although Kyle Brown has put the South African team in the first half, Dan Norton has stepped forward with his dizzying footwork in the second half.
The great intervention of Anthony's brother, Marcus Watson, in Britain's top 15, guaranteed victory and silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, inspired by their trainer's cancer struggle, rushed to victory in the sphere
There will be no more emotional gold medals in these games, and that makes a significant sense.
After the first move to the end of the 220 tormented breath, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning realized that the moment they won gold in Estacio da Lagoa would be much more meaningful.
Although there were two people pulling the oars, there were three voices on the boat; During the women's couple race, the first women to reach such a level in the UK this year, the second gold Olympic medal in the process of advancing the coaches Robin Williams ' voice echoed on the boat.
Their judges were quite clear; it was the 39 race of the unprecedented, invincible series.
While we see two wonderful athletes floating on the surface in Swan elegance, this image does not accurately reflect the qualities of victory.
Behind every shovel gold medal, there is a battalion of eager hands that provide incremental gains that make this difference, and no hand was as effective as the trainers who didn't know if they could live to see this day until they were diagnosed with cancer 30 months ago.
As he said, they touched and left.
I got a bladder cancer that could interfere with surgery, and they did it.
If they don't do that, he's going everywhere.
That would be a pretty bad situation.
That changes your gaze a little bit.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was very lucky because he could start treatment in the beginning of 2014, except for the season, but in this way, there would be no such situation as a true expression, but the distraction will be minimized.
I needed to get paid, so I had to heal fast.
That was a promotion for me.
I was in the hospital, and although they said it was enough to take a few steps, I walked 6, 9, 15 yards in the garden.
That's how it started.
Rowing is a journey on its own, but it's making him a little bigger.
After the victory, Williams was in a tense morning who had a little more than usual to overcome their own concerns.
"I was in a state of emotional hunger this week, maybe this is a little extreme, but it really means a lot," said Stanning, the captain of the Royal Artillery Unit, who previously went to Afghanistan.
It emphasizes what it means to me, and how many times Helen, me and Robin work.
I've had a great three years with Helen and Robin.
If it wasn't for Robin, we wouldn't be, so I'd like to convey my greatest thanks to him for being the best trainer in the world.
I couldn't find a better person to work with or a better trainer.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
The duo has a formidable rhythm that rivals cannot reach.
The power of Stanning and Glover has not yet been depleted, even in the last 500 meters of New Zealand and the Danish teams.
We caught ourselves in that moment.
Helen was calling the process, watch the process.
It's really important not to go.
We had a good start, and we weren't trying to do anything incredible.
We weren't expecting the fireworks to explode today, we just wanted to win the race we went out with, which we did.
The duo will take a year's break before deciding what to do in the future.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, the wedding of Steve Backshall, his television adventurer.
He just wants to savor this moment.
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
That would put a lot of pressure on it.
It took me six months to realize I was an Olympic champion in London.
That was very new and I was stressed.
Here, it lasted about four minutes.
That's a much better feeling, "he said.
The chance to preview the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn about the history of the Central Library in the city center; Join the authors of the book Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee and the architectural historians/Southern California region: "Los Angeles Central Library: History of Art and Architecture".
Gee and Schwartzman's 1926 Bertram Goodhue Design, as well as the 1993 restorations and the addition of the additions made by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates, were planned to discuss and share.
The hall, the art Deco Southwest Law School in the 3050 Wilshire Boulevard (formerly Bullocks Wilshire) will be open on August 21st at Salle Moderne between 14.00-16.00 hours.
Participants can visit the middle hall, period rooms, cactus room and tea room.
Tickets must be taken beforehand: fees will be $15 for SAH/SCC members and $25 for non-member.
An open industrial area in Dpla passes through a hot transformation
What could be celebrated with another book from the 90th anniversary of the Central Library of Los Angeles?
Bulgaria announces inflation values for the first time in 8 months
According to national statistics, the monthly inflation in Bulgaria was at level 1% in June.
This is the highest value seen in years (since June 2012), but it is the first value seen over zero since October, after the positive 0.2% last year.
The average annual inflation measured by CPI for the last 12 months (August 2015-July 2016) was 0.8% compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014-July 2015).
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0% compared with June 2016, i.e., the monthly inflation was at 1.0%.
Inflation rate since the beginning of the year (compared to July 2016 to December 2015) was 0.2% and the monthly inflation difference between July 2016 and July 2015 was 0.2%.
Compared to the previous month in July 2016, the following consumer product groups observed the price increase: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transportation (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), Miscellaneous goods and services (% 0.3).
Clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%) and health (% 0.1) groups dropped prices.
Alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, residential, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; prices in communication and education groups remained at the same level.
Snapchat "anime" effect, criticized as Asian caricature
Although Snapchat said it was inspired by animations for this filter, some observers are expressing that it is insensitive to racial hunger.
Snapchat allows the lens tool to play with abrub-level identities by changing the reality of around 150 million users every day.
You could transform yourself into a pineapple, a dog, or a character that was popped from a Roy Lichtenstein picture.
The lens is a reckless, feature-changer tool that creates over 30 million self-created shots every day.
The wrong steps are quickly dug into the memory of the cabin.
In the past, Snapchat Merceks faced accusations that the application supported black classification or presented the whitened skin tones as beauty ideals.
Therefore, this week, due to the lens that makes users slant-eyed, distorted teeth and bulging cheeks, some critics have criticised the company for being an "Asian mask" that cartoonists the Asians.
And they wondered whether these recurring conflicts pointed to a bigger problem with the company's diversity.
News and outrage, on Wednesday, spread with the news of the Verge and the motherboard and announced that a day later he removed Snapchat feature.
The company found a statement: The lens was prepared not to caricaturize Asians, but to anime characters.
But for observers with racism experience, this lens reminds me of painful stereotypes.
Other contacts rejected the anime comparison globally.
An American art student of Korean origin and shared the tweet Bolca written about the photos, Grace Spararabi said in an email that the lens is "painful and uncomfortable with the lightest expression".
"The bad Asian caricature has added that it is difficult to argue when it comes to comparing the effects of the filter.
This shows that the filter is not only an Asian mask, but also a humiliating Asian mask.
Snapchat is not the only company that transcends cultural triggering mechanisms.
It is seen that American culture is in endless conflict with diversity and covering in many areas, from the meeting rooms of institutions to Hollywood and to the devices we all carry in their hands.
And the wider young mass, which is addressed by Snapchat and more than other opponents of the race diversity, can be interpreted as a higher sensitivity expectation.
In an interview Thursday, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said that when one of Snapchat's mercks creates a humiliating image for a user, "such movements are much more difficult not to be recognized as before."
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer working for Medium, decided to wipe the Snapchat account and made calls to everyone in this direction.
In an interview with the article and the telephone, he stated that he believes that racial conflicts reflect the shortcomings of diversity in the recruitment practices in Snapchat.
Ms. Zhu, the majority of the company criticized the leader team of white males, terminated his article with a label: # Snapchaticillin.
Ms. Zhu, a Chinese-based American, said "the different races between his staff are not available in sufficient diversity, or people who work there and are members of different races, but these people are not safe or comfortable enough to speak themselves."
Other observers share their views on this complaint that Snapchat has largely left unanswered.
The company does not share the figures related to the diversity of their personnel by highlighting the status of the private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to share the racial origins of the staff, but according to a spokesman, the company has recently put a recruitment responsibility in order to focus on the populations that have not been adequately represented, and to increase their inclusion efforts internally.
Ms. Zhu, in his own terms, said he would keep the Snapchat account closed and added, "I wonder if there are any more users like us who can say that it is not true."
The congressional panel said the military authorities falsified ISIS intelligence.
In a report published on Thursday, a congressional panel reported that the United States Central Command authorities falsified intelligence reports to draw an optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
An interim report by the Palace's Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee, and the Subcommittee of Defence Appropriations, a study arm created by the presidents of the Republican Council, found that the US forces of the United States have changed the assessments of the Islamic State to "widespread dissatisfaction" among central Command intelligence analysts.
Central Command, known as CENTCOM, is a military headquarters in Tampa, Fla. overseeing the operations of the American army in the Middle East and Central Asia.
A news bulletin about the report included the following phrases: "The intelligence results approved by senior CENTCOM leaders typically draw a more positive picture than the fact that the U.S. has demonstrated the facts on the anti-terrorism efforts, and it consistently offers more positive results than the analyses created by other elements of the intelligence community."
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable; while the high-level decision-making is presented with bad analyses, our fighters are suffering," said Ken Calvert, a Californian Republican representative.
Leadership failures in Centcom have reached the highest levels of the organization.
The 10-page report also included the details of the Central Command's description and analysis of America's efforts to train Iraqi forces, and the lasting problems of 2014 and 2015.
Although it is not conclusive evidence that senior Obama administration officials have ordered the changes to be changed, it is explained that analysts feel pressured by CENTCOM leaders to provide a more optimistic perspective on the threat of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS and Daeş.
"In the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, declarations and Congress statements were significantly more positive than the actual events," the report said.
For example, a CENTCOM official testified that a major military offensive for the restoration of Mosul to the public could be made at an early period of April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, is still in control of the Islamic State.
Kansas's Republican representative, Mike Pompeo, said in a statement that "after months of research, this issue was clearly understood."
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the most senior intelligence leaders of the United States ' Central Command have manipulated the commander's intelligence results in order to be touted as trivial in the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans have formed a working arm after learning that analysts voiced concerns that the intelligence of the Islamic State was being manipulated.
As the reviews continue, the report published on Thursday will follow much more comprehensive findings.
Another CENTCOM intelligence review conducted by the Defence Ministry General investigator is also available.
The Democratic members of the Palace Intelligence Committee also published their findings on Thursday, which participated in some of the conclusions of the Republican study arm.
Representative Adam B. Schiff, the Democratic chairman of the Committee, said in a statement "a very narrow-minded process has been created in the intelligence assessments of CENTCOM, Daş and the Iraqi security forces between 2014 and 2015".
According to Mr. Schiff, this process "delayed the publication of intelligence results", caused a moral disorder among analysts, and said, "Not enough room for opposing opinions."
However, Mr. Schiff and the Democrats have stated that the White House has not reached a conclusion that he has pressured the results of the CENTCOM analysts to invent "a pre-determined or political statement".
Preliminary results of the Congress review were announced by The Daily Beast on Tuesday.
Last August, the New York Times reported that the general examination of a Pentagon inspector opened after complaints by the CENTCOM analysts was present.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, as a Pentagon spokesman, has expressed a statement that a statement will not comment on the defence ministry's congressional report in the ongoing process of examining the general investigator.
However, he said, "experts have been able to dispute the interpretation of complex data in some cases and support the healthy dialogue with the intelligence community and the Ministry of Defense regarding these important national security considerations".
The research will echo beyond the problem that the operation of the bombing in the United States leadership in Iraq and Syria (this is a savant that has been raised by more defense officials each passing day).
However, the charges last year revealed the question of how much President Obama can rely on the central command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
Critics on the reflection of the Islamic State Intelligence, the CENTCOM intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker, President George W. Bush's administration has argued that despite the objections of many analysts, he wrote an article that expressed a small force in Iraq and did not think enough of the aftermath of the occupation in 2003, and was debated for more than ten years.
Mr. Hooker also played an important role in the rebellion on Islamic State intelligence.
Officials have stated that Mr. Hooker's team has built temporary refineries to sell oil on the black market, despite the fact that the air raids against the refineries held by the Islamic State in spite of the otherwise public statements last year, have reached the end of the terrorist group's financial resources, which are not substantially affected.
However, as the Times stated in September, this discovery Center did not exit the command.
General Lloyd J. Austin III, the commanding commander of CENTCOM, was subjected to criticism last year, as the Senate's statement was seen as a highly positive assessment of the war by many legislators.
General Austin retired in April and is the General Joseph L. Votel who took his place in the Central Command.
United States women's lawn hockey team prepared to meet with Britain won 4. Zafini in succession
Katie Bam scored the first two goals of the United States women's lawn hockey team on Thursday, a day after the six-to-1 win against Japan, the Americans took India to 3-0.
Five goals in two matches seem to require a lasting mastery in mind, but BAM (27) said he wasn't sure if he'd done the same thing before.
He said, "I have no idea."
I'm not the people who record their goals.
He knows that the Americans share the first line in the group with Britain, which continues its path as undefeated after defeating Japan in the Olympic tournament on 4-0 ahead and Thursday.
Britain and the United States will face for the last game of the first round on Saturday.
Both teams qualify for a quarter-finals, and the match will determine who is the first and whose second end of the six-team groups.
The first team to finish the group matches will not face a little longer with the powerful Dutch team, which is the leader of another group when the quarterfinals begins.
However, after Saturday's match, the Americans made a sensation of surprising progress here after the London Olympics, where they came in from the last 12 teams.
BAM was on this team.
He grew up in Blue Bell, Pa. When he first took his turf hockey stick he was 3 years old (his twin sister was interested in this sport at Drexel) and joined the national team at the age of 16 and became the youngest player of the team.
He missed the 2008 Olympics because he couldn't get the last squad.
The year 2012 came after most things didn't work out for him and his teammates.
The next year, a British coach Craig Parnham was appointed to work and things began to change.
BAM says "a cultural change, a mental change, a physical change."
We don't work like in London anymore.
We're completely transformative.
On Thursday night, Bam took the first number of the first half with a close-up strike.
India had not yet won a win in the tournament, but the team was able to preserve the score by 1-0 until the third quarter, where Bam was introduced, showing a staggering level of stamina.
He took a long run from the left of the field and then he threw the ball at the castle and put the Americans in the front 2-0.
Melissa Gonzales scored the final goal towards the middle of the fourth quarter.
This is the first time the United States goalkeeper, Jackie Briggs, who allowed a goal in the first three victories, did not score goals in the tournament.
His chances are open.
So is BAM.
Parnham said, "We're in a good place right now," but it depends on how good it is on Saturday's end of the game.
Trampoline in the midst of Olympic ambition
Wherever you are, no matter what time it is, the Olympics continue.
The events in Rio de Janeiro represent ambitious competition and work, and as if it never ends or cannot be avoided.
The Olympic torch itself is like a flaming baton from the swimmer to the gymnast, which is transmitted from there to the triathlete.
You can't watch television without hearing anything about the rivalry between Simone Biles, Katie Ledesky, or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos, or you can't read the newspaper or listen to your neighbor in a café.
and Logan Dooley.
Mr. Dooley, who participated in the Olympics for the first time, can be one of the names shown in the prime time hours, including a swimmer, gymnast, or an eskriist, a swastika, as well as the TV commercials that advise you to feel good about sponsorships and yourself.
But Mr. Dooley (28) from Lake Forest, California, is competing for the gold medal at the Olympics.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event equally.
Away from the center, partly in the shade, there is no universally recognised sport: pneumatic rifle inertia, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
The frog will always be with us, with long-term wishes.
But personally, I'd like to draw attention to the secret magic of the trampoline.
Although Trambolin has been known as an Olympic event since 2000, when it was introduced in the Sydney Games, few people I've asked in 16 years have not noticed that this is an Olympic sport.
This could be a regional ignorance.
The United States has not won any medals in the trampoline, although he sent athletes to compete, and there were no contestants in the finals until 2012.
The men's awards were the Chinese and the Russians, and the Chinese and the Canadians were inclined to share in women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan of Canada will try to preserve the gold medals they took this year in London.
However, Trambolin is almost as an oppressed event; This may be partly due to the fact that the Olympics are worthy of the Clown school instead of the unconsciously ears.
I must admit I'm not an expert here.
It has a funny potential (such as a cartoon-like tremor created by a never-ending leap), but it also reflects the elegance of gymnastics and diving, the two sports that are basically brought together.
The word "Trambolin" comes from the Spanish El Trampolin word, which means "trampoline."
The champion candidates are almost 30 feet high in a large trampoline, and they are asked to do a series of movements (Burkma, Pike and Salto) before they land on their feet.
According to the official Olympic program, they are evaluated according to the execution, difficulty and "flight time".
Thirty-two athletes will compete in Rio, 16 men and 16 women from 17 countries.
The most common progress in the Olympics is direct forward.
The hopes of getting medals should go farther, faster and higher in some cases, up to the end point, in some cases, further back, up and down, with the golden Search.
They're not just after the finish line or the starting wall, but there's also another challenging line on TV; the world or the Olympic record.
This ambitious endeavor is noble, enviable, and even extreme levels; enough to drown a tracer in tears.
But it's just a little bit tiring when I watch the games.
The trampoline allows you to give all this a break.
The trampoline moves upwards.
Targets are not moving forward.
He bounces upwards, looks weightless like an astronaut, comes up, goes down, and effortlessly comes up again.
Of course it cannot be said that there is no competition or difficulty, but it is a humbling work to achieve the outcome of the routine, not disappearing away, just like the imagination of time and gravity, in an elegant manner suspended.
The more serene an Olympic race can be, the calmer it is.
Women's rankings and then finals will be held on Friday afternoon at 13.00 Eastern Time; the men are on Saturday again at 13.
NBC will release the finals every two days as of the afternoon block from 14.00.
In the midst of the Olympic madness, they promise a quiet and wonderful moment that can be overlooked in the general Arbede.
and consciousness, according to the Wall Street Journal, suggests that Mr. Dooley is waiting for his new fans, as the United States men's gymnasts have recently proposed, just as the male athlete would like to have a look and feel.
"In a generation protest" in Ethiopia, an ally of the United States for a long time
Protests involving violence in Ethiopia
Demonstrators who demanded political change in Ethiopia faced the government's fierce resistance.
Witnesses say a large number of protesters received deadly weapons in the shootout with the police.
Is Ethiopia about to collapse?
Over the past decade, one of Africa's most stable nations has become a solid ally for the west with its rapidly growing economy.
However, the anti-government protests in the past months have spread to more regions and rocked the country every passing day.
Only last week, thousands of people have been on the street and requested fundamental political change.
According to human rights groups, the Government's reaction to it was rather brutal.
Witnesses said police officers shot and killed a large number of unarmed demonstrators.
In the protest footage, thought to be the end of the past year or the heads of this years, the security authorities who whipped up the young people who had to stop their hands against a wall were seen.
The United Nations human rights officer at the top level wants to have a thorough review right now.
"Keeping this country together is always difficult, and it will be much more difficult to move forward," said Rashid Abdi, a research group of the International Crisis Group's Somali Peninsula project director.
Ethiopia, after Nigeria, is the highest international population of Africa and its stability is appreciated by the West.
The American army and intelligence services are conducting close works with Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, particularly in Somalia, and there are very few countries in Africa that have been so helpful in the West.
The economy of Ethiopia is growing in an impressive manner.
The infrastructure has been effectively improved; there is a new commuter train available in the capital Addis Ababa.
And the streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Although the best example of democracy in Ethiopia is not exhibited (human rights groups are continually referring to the repressive stance of the government) the domestic opposition was quite limited, and the dissidents were silenced effectively.
Most of them were exiled, imprisoned, killed or deported to the farthest corners of the desert.
However, this situation may be about to change.
Seyoum Teshome, a university lecturer from central Ethiopia, said, "If you drown people and give them no choice but the protest, they will be out."
Youth is in full protest.
A generation protest.
There are many complaints from the use of land to the pressure of the ruling coalition on power.
After the election, which took quite a critique last year, the ruling party and its allies have also taken the final seat of the opposition, and can now control 100 percent of the parliament.
At the same time, the tensions in the border increase with Eritrea, a pointed and contentious line that led to the war that hundreds of lives lost in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups, such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, have been rearmed by stacking this turbulence in the past years.
There are several factors that explain why the painful emotions that have been boiling under the surface for years now are exploding.
The first one looks innocent: smart phones.
As the cheap smartphones became widespread and the Internet service was provided, it began to communicate using a large number of Ethiopian social media just a few years ago.
Most people could communicate through the Internet proxy servers that hide their location, even when the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often does during the protest times.
Several young Ethiopians said they gathered in this way for protests.
Secondly, the solidarity between the two major ethnic groups of Ethiopia, Oromoar and amharalar, increased.
Oromoar and Amharalar are not normally allies.
For a very long time, Ethiopia's dominant Christian mountainous regions, the amharalar were in politics and in business, and most Muslims, and were exploiting the oromoors of flat lands.
But this is changing.
Mulatu Gemechu, an Oromo leader, said, "We are advancing under an umbrella to co-operate."
The biggest protests were seen in Amhara and Oromo regions.
Most of Amhara and Oromo believe Ethiopia has been in a fair manner by members of the Tigrayan ethnic group, which constitutes about 6 percent of the population and is dominant in the army, intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason behind the unrest was the death of Meles Zenawi.
Former rebel leader Mr. Meles served as Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until he died of an unexplained illness in 2012.
He was thought to be a tactical genius who saw that not everyone could see.
Analysts say he is an expert in determining the first signs of unrest, particularly in detecting and disabling opponents.
"The current regime does not have this basic knowledge," said conflict analyst Mr. Abdi.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Haemilariam Desalegn, was selected in a relatively undetermined position to fill Mr. Meles ' location.
Unlike Mr. Meles from northern Ethiopia's Tigray region, Mr. Haemilariam is in the south.
Analysts say he cannot gain the trust of the security services that the Tigrayans control.
As a result more fear has been shed with more blood.
Ethiopia's latest experience in this kind of confusion was the Protestant aftermath of the theft of thousands of analysts in 2005 after the government was a sloppy election.
In subsequent measures, although less than last month, many protesters were killed and this confusion period was relatively faster.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for remarkable advances in the vision of infrastructure planning and combating poverty, such as the new commuter train.
However, it is clear that it has not stopped the increase of the quinine against the Ethiopian government.
And it's becoming dangerous and ethnic.
Last month, the protesters at Gondar, an Amhara town, attacked businesses owned by Tigrayans, and the Tigrayan hatred also increases in social media.
Analysts say the protests left the United States and other allies in the West in a strange situation.
The U.S. government was using Ethiopia as a base for unmanned aerial flights on neighbouring Somalia, but it was recently said that this base was closed.
The West clearly wants to support democracy, but it does not want this ally to disintegrate in a fragile region.
Mr. Abdi said "This" and added "like walking on a very thin rope."
Donald Trump announces Obama's claim to have set up ISIS as "sarcasm"
On Friday, Donald J. Trump tried to eliminate the last conflict around the campaign, citing several times last week, insisting that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were "founders" of the Islamic State terror group.
This statement gave birth to new questions about the ability of the Republican presidential candidate to communicate openly with the American people.
At the same time in the process of creating this turmoil, his attorneys who did his best to defend him in the process of explaining that he did not imply that it was a strange position.
Mr. Trump insisted on Thursday that he was actually suggesting that the President and Mrs. Clinton had established the ISIS in the interviews, further strengthening his thesis on Wednesday night after a rally in this proposal.
However, on Friday's early morning post on Twitter, Mr. Trump said he was only in a cynical statement.
The post showed that Mr. Trump had completely stepped back from the day before he testified that he was serious about this accusation in a series of interviews.
When the conservative radio programmer Hugh Hewitt remembered that Mr. Obama wanted to destroy the ISIS, when Mr. Trump tried to help him soften this interpretation, the Republican presidential candidate said he didn't believe it.
Mr. Trump, after the decline in the polls, the last chaos appeared while trying to change the focus of his campaign.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton have made speeches that clashed with each other about economics this week in Michigan.
On Friday, Mr. Trump has asked to return to this issue again.
Speaking on Twitter again, Ms. Clinton's proposals have expressed that it would increase taxes and find himself boring to speak.
Mr. Trump has used the sarcasm defense before.
After the end of July, after displaying a view suggesting that the Russians attacked Ms. Clinton's e-mails in a pirate attack, he explained the comments, "Of course, I said it in a cynical way."
This approach is forcing Mr. Trump to push the boundaries of political speech and step back on the ground.
Ruth Sherman, a communications expert following the language of both candidates, said, "It is a scheme that allows certain messages to be responded to in a way that depends on the reaction, by testing how it responds to supporters."
But at the same time, he's giving these statements on purpose, and he knows it's vague enough to be filtered out of different mercas.
After the decline in polls over the past days, Mr. Trump has adopted a much more aggressive stance to soften the air for the overall electoral audience.
A new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll, published on Friday, showed that Mr. Trump was in northern Coraline, Virginia and Colorado, where Mrs. Clinton was quite a stretch, and that there was a tight race in Florida.
Although Mr. Trump often avoids apologizing for the provocative things he says, he blames himself for not deflecting his critics or understanding his humor.
However, the jokes of Mr. Trump, who have been subjected to much more scrutiny in the last months of the presidential campaign, leave their loyal supporters in a difficult position to support the public, despite the provocative comments.
Former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, as one of Mr. Trump's most prominent supporters, did his best to defend the island in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
When Mr. Trump's question about the veracity of the thesis that Mr. Obama and Ms. Clinton set up the Islamic State, Mr. Giuliani said, "I think he's doing a legitimate, political criticism."
As a matter of perspective, before Obama, ISIS was an unknown, small organization, and the lovable finds were completely wrong, and that was due to the withdrawal of soldiers from Iraq.
Most of the prominent Republicans are trying to defend Ms. Clinton's foreign ministry that the Obama administration has failed to cope aggressively with the situation in the Middle East and cause ISIS to grow.
Prior to the myths to be held in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continues to accuse the news media on Twitter to distort every word and act against it.
He mocked his "pathetic, pathetic" television experts trying to solve himself, saying, "They can't do that!"
Some Democrats mocked the pretext that Mr. Trump suggested, saying it was evidence that he was not fit for president.
Once again, the café cannot cope with us at Greenpoint
In Williamsburg, the only old-fashioned place with cash, the verb Cafe offers great coffee for 15 years, while not offering Wi-Fi connection.
Naturally, he couldn't handle the prices at Bedford Avenue's store.
In the summer of 2014, the store replaces the verb Soap Cherie container in the form of cake sells soaps.
Residents of the region complained that this was the last loss of the neziated city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote to Twitter. "New York is a change, I know that, but I still can't believe that the CBGB is gone and that the Chelsea Hotel is evacuated and that verb is no longer a soap store."
But New York is the city of reinvention as much as it is change.
Last November, at Greenpoint, a renovated verb cafe opened in the north, less than a mile from its original location.
The new verb Cafe has Wi-Fi connection and accepts credit cards, but it is protected by some former employees and similar simple air.
Coffee's still good.
At the beginning of the new verb, the long-term employee of the old café is the owner and CEO of Cisco Rodriguez, the new place.
He joined the verb in 2001 and stayed until the end.
When a client offered him financing for this new place, he said he'd be thrilled to do it.
Mr. RODRIGUEZ (36) left most of the same thing.
The verb uses the same distributor for the Simites and acquires an espresso machine from the same model.
Even the old verb's lights were re-used here.
But Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to offer some different experiences.
He added new ingredients.
Bacon-egg-and-cheese sandwiches are available in the menu, as well as ingredients such as capers and soinated onions.
He's got brown-rice bowls.
The café doesn't serve beer anymore, but it offers fresh fruit juices.
Nine months later, Mr. Rodriguez said that he realized that the former regulars were starting to come in a decisive manner.
He said, "Many of our former clients couldn't cope at the prices in Williamsburg."
Last Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of those clients.
Mrs. Oliveira (34) lives in Williamsburg and goes to the verb often.
Even after moving to Greenpoint, he didn't give up on this path.
After the verb, he said he had a break for coffee for a while.
"I noticed that what I love is coffee and culture in the verb," he said.
He started drinking coffee again, but the other day he chose a new add-on that replaced the usual iced coffee.
Another regular, Tom Rosenthal, regularly went to the verb since 2003.
He goes there before work, and he always orders the same.
"Every day, a quarter past seven, I'd come in without any surprise, and they would prepare my order for my buttered bagel every day," he said.
Photo Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to make changes and added new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays, although Mr. Rosenthal is still taking his usual order, he sometimes makes a little change by adding bacon, eggs and cheese to every day's bagel order.
Mr. Rodriguez says he's not upset about the SOAP store that replaces the old place.
As a matter of fact, the owners of soap Cherie offered to make a special soap for the verb using the café 's cold brewed coffee.
Mr. Rodriguez said, "I think we can still accept this offer."
And Greenpoint's traditional Polish residents also adopted this café.
One of the new customers has translated the menu to the dialect, and Mr. Rodriguez said his new neighbors would find a space to showcase this menu recently to make them feel better.
There are other advantages to the new location.
The local juice store wants to bottle and sell cold brewed coffee.
There's a possibility of expanding the cage to the adjacent building.
For most customers, a new verb that they can find their old favourites is even available.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer, and he was very upset after the lockdown.
When the new venue opened, Mr. Whitt told me that getting in and getting coffee makes him feel at home.
He said, "I had to smell it."
The depressed food of the crisis time in the book "A square Meal"
In March 1933, right after the presidential seat, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down at the Oval Office for lunch.
President Roosevelt, who was fond of his throat, loved the fancy Fifth Avenue food like foie gras and Maryland turtle soup.
That day's menu was much more modest: boiled eggs with tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and a sweet plum pudding.
Jane Ziegelman said, "It was an act to establish solidarity with the people who are suffering."
His wife, Andrew Coe, added: "This was also a message given to Americans about how to feed."
The couple who lived in Brooklyn Heights, dinner historian.
Mr. Coe's latest book "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in the United States, and Mrs. Ziegelman was also telling us about the lives of the slums in the Lower East region in his book "97 Orchard".
"A square meal", the new book they work with and published by Harper on Tuesday, describes the history of American food during the Great Depression.
They met with a reporter for dinner at the Eisenberg sandwich bust in the Flatiron region, which showed presence since 1929, which was the year when the crisis began, exhibiting solidarity with the food themselves.
Mrs. Ziegelman (54) ordered a sandwich with cream cheese and olives, while Mr. Coe (57) preferred to sit turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetables.
The couple found the reporter's order to discuss the crisis-time meal of the meatloaf.
Mrs. Ziegelman said, "The nuts were popular."
Peanut nut, lung nut, dried bean nut.
These were made from a cheap, emitting material.
Think about eating peanuts enough to give you dinner.
Mr. Coe, he had a face.
"He must have been seated in the stomach of a man like a bullet."
In the years before the crisis, especially in rural areas, the Sofras in the Americas were like buffet.
Women are cooking for men working on the farm and serving fresh cooked pies for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans were sending food to Europeans who starved to death in World War I. "A square Meal" explains the history of the nation's coping methods of being a center of abundance.
Mr. Coe said, explaining the reason why he and his wife would write about this issue, "it was a time when the food was a central, worrying issue for the Americans."
The new budget regime was equally concerned: the mysterious food, such as nuts and moths, became a fundamental consumer product, according to Ms. Ziegelman's stated that "The moths were a great way to assess the remaining vows" in this way the cooks were able to conceal the underlying appetite suppressor materials with a creamy sauce coating.
The fresh fruit has been replaced with dried fruits that are cheaper.
The meat, which has been in the center of American Food for years, has become a thrifty luxury.
Interesting blends for calorie and nutritional value have been tried and the feeling of satisfaction has been preceded by taste or general culinary conception.
Ms. Ziegelman, while researching for his book, including recipes, prepared a peanut butter-filled baked onion dish for that period.
Mr. Coe said, "This is not a favorite contribution at dinner table."
Mrs. Ziegelman supported this: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter has nothing in common with onions in the oven.
It was a prominent feature in most home economics recipes.
Home Economics specialists, including the Federal Bureau of Household Economics, Louise Stanley, have guided the country's eating habits as never before from 1923 to 1943.
They promoted recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, promoting women to be "efficient", and they spread the challenge of converting the slurry like spaghetti with carrot cream into delicious food.
"A square meal" is a feast of historic delicious delights.
President Herbert Hoover's response to the government's hungry citizens, such as the attitude of cake food, is extremely appetizing.
He was a side-to-hand public, eating the simple Iowa Farmer's food in his childhood, the other side-like millionaire intellectual.
Mr. Coe said he liked to eat European cuisine tastes like fish with cucumber sauce.
He was eating his meals in a dining room that was almost entirely gold-coated, wearing jackets that fit for dinner.
It was extremely far from the truth.
If his wife Eleanor didn't encourage her to be an example of her stomach, President Roosevelt would have the same mistake.
According to the book, Ms. Roosevelt began to provide the White House with an assistant who never cared for the flavor, but the "most dismal food, but also the most gloomy, prepared plates", which was only ever prepared.
After the country was on his feet again, most of the methods of cooking during the crisis were left aside.
According to Ms. Ziegelman, the concept of calorie and nutrition-oriented understanding and the way science is applied to cooking continues.
The couple testified that Mrs. Ziegelman's mother learned a lot from eating habits while writing the book--for example, he never threw the food in the trash.
Mr. Coe said the waste of food was really scaring him.
Mrs. Ziegelman told me about his old memories: "He really made people sick."
We had a cream muffin case.
After the plates were gathered at Eisenberg, he and Mr. Coe took out a dessert at home: the dried-out dessert that President Roosevelt ate at lunch.
Mrs. Ziegelman said, "It's called a scrambled prunes," and the most frequently referenced number was to give these modest recipes a cool name.
There was no whipped cream; just prunes, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone was hesitant to find a brown sticky spoon.
Surprisingly not so bad.
Mr. Coe took the second and third spoon.
"A little chopped walnut piece would be good," he said, like someone who might be saving.
Merck to receive attorney fees for the hepatitis C patent challenge
According to the U.S. District Judge, Gilead Sciences Inc. has won the right to receive attorneys ' fees for the hepatitis C patent case conducted with pharmaceutical producer Merck &co Inc.
After determining that the US judge Merck has a number of false behaviors including perjury and other unethical practices, Gilead, in June, has had a big success in Gilead, and was less than 200 million in compensation for the violation of two Merck patents related to the Sovardi and Harvoni.
On Thursday's hearing, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman expressed that Gilead had the right to be compensated for charges incurred during litigation defense.
Merck is trying to catch up with a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that could improve more than 90 per cent of liver patients, the market's ruler, Gilead.
The case is based on the year 2013, in which Gilead and Merck claim to be entitled to the ownership of laboratory works for sofosbuvir, the active ingredient of Gilead's medicines.
US-backed forces, the control of Membic has been completely received from the Islamic State
On Friday, the group spokesman, the US-backed forces, said the last Islamic State Warriors within the city have completely taken control of the Membic city in the north, near the Turkish border.
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDG) after the separation of a group of militants hiding in the city, the city is cleaning up.
From the Membic Military council in the alliance with SDG, Şarfan Dervis reported to the routers that they released over 2000 civilian hostages in the hands of militants.
He said to the routers "the city is now fully under our control, but we are conducting cleanup work."
The Clinton family won $10.75 million in 2015 and paid federal tax at 34.2 percent
On Friday, Hillary Clinton announced the 2015 tax statement, showing that the Democratic presidential candidate and his wife made $10.75 million last year and paid 34.2 percent of the federal tax in force.
In 2015, the Clinton family most of them contributed $1 million to charities, including the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton won about $5.3 million from the speech fees, and former foreign minister, the State Department, announced that he had received $3 million in revenue for his book from the Simon & Schuster publishing house.
Clinton's candidate, U.S. senator, Tim Kaine of Virginia, issued a 10-year tax statement with his wife, Anne Holton.
In 2015, 20.3 percent paid federal tax.
Clinton's campaign officer Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement that "Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to determine the standard for fiscal transparency".
In contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses for explaining his tax statements before and stepping back.
Although it does not require legislation, it is a tradition for us presidential candidates to publicly present their tax statements.
Trump and his lawyers, a businessman from New York, testified that the publication of the Beyans was a control conducted by the revenue administration for rejection.
In connection with the statements of the Democratic candidate, the Clinton campaign officer Ian Sams scored "your next" tweet.
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, said that he would not allow Trump to publish these to CNN until the inspections are complete.
The group, which criticised Trump, which includes the Republican presidential candidate, Mitt Romney and other Republicans in 2012, stated that the rejection of the situation itself constitutes question marks on many other connections, including its self-existence, contributions to charitable institutions, business agreements and Russia.
On Friday, Clinton went on to publish an online video showing that senior Republicans were pressuring Trump to explain their taxes.
On Thursday, he expressed this problem in an economy speech in Michigan.
He said to the crowd "to do what every presidential candidate has done for ten years, he refuses to publish the tax statements."
He reported that Trump did not pay almost any taxes for two years in the 1990s, and on Friday, the New York Times Business section columnist, a series of tax attorneys and accountants, shared statements that the situation could still continue in this manner.
Federal tax rates have become a major issue in presidential elections.
Clinton has offered a rule that takes the name of Warren Buffet, a billionaire investor who will pay at least 30 percent of the profits of $1 million per annum.
President Obama is supporting this offer.
Last week, in a Clinton rally in Omaha, Nebraska, the Berkshire Hathaway Group challenged him to arrive at the Trump and submit the tax statement.
He said he was going through the IRS control and not from Trump's tax collection authority, but "afraid" of voters.
Clinton issued the tax statements in the campaign until 2007.
Currently living in New York, Chappaqua, the Clinton family has paid an average federal tax of approximately 32 percent between 2007 and 2014, and the combined tax rate reaches about 40.5 percent.
The Clinton family's declaration for 2015, contrary to most Americans, shows that revenues only come from wages of up to 100 dollars.
The main investments are a low-cost index investment fund, and the Clinton family has declared that dividends and interest revenues are 109,000 dollars.
Additional news by Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Oatis
Powder red pepper Condoms, chestnut flares support the preservation of elephants in Tanzania
Environmentalists in Tanzania use an unusual method to prevent elephants from entering human settlements; they're giving them condoms full of red pepper.
The method proved to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which found this idea a few years ago, has stepped in to promote the United States-based Nature Protection Association; Volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania began to educate their homes and crops to use the non-violent, four-step method of protecting the animals without damaging them.
Before, most people used spears to defend themselves.
On Friday, the World Elephant Day dedicated to the protection of animals.
Honeyguide executive director Damian Bell, "We have seen that the attitudes in these communities have changed since we developed the toolkit," he said, "there are more confidence that they can keep elephants away from the land without damaging the elephants."
The first two steps include the passing of the elephant lantern and honking.
In cases where this is not possible, the "red pepper cloud" is called.
The powdered red pepper, mixed with the soil, is placed in the condom with a firecracker, only the detonator will be exposed to the end.
When burned, the condom opens with an explosion sound, and red pepper is scattered in the air.
Even a breath is enough to send the elephants in the opposite direction.
The last resort is to use a catapult, which throws fireworks into the air, causing a loud, shiny explosion.
Jewish filmmaker, the "demand" of the Arabs, which removes Israel's phone code from the hotel in Berlin hit the ground-RT News
A Jewish-based French filmmaker, the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, did not list Israel's phone code and the employee's "demands" of the Arab customers to reveal the media after exposing the "led to Sanskrit.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the "Shoah" documentary on genocide, expressed his outrage to the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin with an open letter to the German broadcasting organ phase.
Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the list of phone codes provided by the hotel shortly before the stay.
However, the country was not among the states that could be searched directly from the room.
In 2016, how can Israel be excluded and destroyed in the new Germany's capital Berlin?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers Israel the opportunity to search through its own call center.
The filmmaker reported the situation to the hotel reception to get a statement.
Lanzmann wrote that the answer he received was "shocked".
The hotel's secretary testified that this measure was taken with the "deliberate decision of the Kempinski-hotels administration".
The reason behind this movement caused the filmmaker to get much more angry.
"Most of our guests wanted to delete the code of the Arab and Israel," said Lanzmann.
According to the news of Suddeutsche Zeitung, Israel's ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelssman described the situation as "a great shame".
This situation has terrified us and is very surprised.
It's a really big shame.
It's a much bigger disgrace than it was in Germany and in a hotel chain like this.
There's no reason to explain.
We expect the hotel to take the result, "he said.
The event aroused a big reaction in online environment; People considered it a scandal.
Some accused Kempinski hotel of "bowing" to the alleged demands of Arab customers.
In another post, the hotel was located near a synagogue, with the emphasis on Kurfurstendamm Street and "Shame on you".
According to Der Spiegel's report, the hotel was the result of "carelessness", and he quickly dropped these accusations from Lanzmann saying "sorry".
Suddeutsche Zeitung stated that one of Kempinski's representatives said "there was never a direct order for Israel not to be included in the Speed Dial list".
And now that they have added the code.
Police, Brazilian protesters used pepper gas and plastic bullets against students
Students gathered in Sao Paulo, Brazil, were clashed with the police on Thursday to demonstrate the government's reform of the public education system.
Police used pepper spray and plastic bullets against protesters.
The problem began when the police were trying to distribute the students, which led to the police using plastic bullets and pepper spray.
Hundreds of students participated in the demonstration to express their discontent with the plans.
According to the proposal by Governor of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, less than 100 public schools will be closed in order to save and 300,000 students are to be distributed to other schools.
Some of the participants who participated in the protest were seen writing articles against provisional President Michel Temer on the walls.
This last protest took place a few days after the protesters came out of the streets to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who was dismissed by the national Senate.
Trade between Russia and Iran rises to 71%-RT Business
According to Russian ambassador to Iran Levan Dzhaaryan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran was 70.9 per cent year-on-years, with the abolition of sanctions.
Since the international sanctions against Iran have been abolished, the ambassador has expressed a significant increase in the interest of Russian companies doing business in the country.
While new companies are preparing to provide access to the market, Russian companies are continuing their existing ties with Iran.
Of course, the further increase in trade is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "Dzhaaryan said.
In the first five months of 2016, the trade turnover between Russia and Iran was increased by 70.9 per cent in 2015 compared with the same period, saying it reached 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russia's exports to Iran reached 697 million dollars in 91.5 percent.
Russia's imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to 158 million dollars.
This increase in trade was provided with consumables for machinery, ground vehicles and guns, "said the envoy.
Dzhaaryan also expects a record number of Iranian tourists to come to Russia this year.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representation in Iran gave 35,000 visas to Iranian citizens for most trips.
In addition, he was among the first 20 countries in the number of tourists who visited Russia in Iran for the first time.
We can say that the Iranian tourist record that visited Russia last year would be broken, "he said.
At the same time, relatively less Russian is visiting Iran; This is a matter that the Ambassador hopes to change.
"I personally recommend the visit of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd cities where the monuments of the ancient Persian civilization are preserved in good condition," he said.
Nakites to Feö Izmir-Economy News
For providing financial support to the fatwa, the interesting details about the chairman of the Board of Directors of the Group chairman Abdullah Kavuk and Kucukbay Group chairman Ahmet Kucukbay began to emerge.
Financial resources of Feö 's 1 and 2 in Izmir, Kucukbay and Kavas, the leader of the Fatö/Pdy terror organization, Fetullah Gülen sent a large amount of money to the regular courier each month.
The money sent to Gulen to prevent the record was not deposited through the banks, and the organization was sent with courier vehicles.
On the other hand, in Amasya, the investigation into the Feö coup initiative was taken into custody, the court was dispatched, and among them 9 people were arrested, the president of the Merzifon Chamber of Commerce and Industry Fatih Altinay, 7 people were released with the condition of judicial control
30 thousand lira on the 10-year term
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's "download interest" call, the banks have moved.
First, it was proposed that real estate housing started and then included the banks of the campaign that Gyoder attended.
The proposal to withdraw the housing loan interest rates under 1 per cent of the psychological boundary was also made by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
13 Bank mortgage loans have attracted under 1 per cent.
Public banks started the discount Furyasi.
With the last arrangement that was previously based on monthly interest rates ranging between 1.12 percent and 1.29, the consumer using a 10-year term mortgage loan will pay less interest between 15 and 30 billion TL.
Preference 5 to 10 years
So how much does interest discounts bring to the home receivables?
A person using a 10-year term loan of 100 thousand lire will benefit 30 thousand lira from the decline in the interest.
The majority of the use of housing loans selects the 5-10-year term payment plan.
Interest rates are expected to fall further in the coming days.
Interest reduction sales will also positively affect.
In 2015, housing sales increased by 10.6 per cent compared to the previous year, with 1 million 289 thousand.
This year, sales are expected to exceed 1.5 million in discount.
The president of Gyoder, Aziz Torun: should be lowered by 9 per cent annually
The interest reduction of public banks is an important step.
They listened to our President's call and lowered the interest.
However, this rate should be below 9 percent annually.
If this discount process continues, we are also planning to extend the monthly 0.70 interest campaign for a few months.
Lamb group Yku Özen Kuzu: Our campaign can extend to 3 months
The participation of the banks on this initiative to bring vitality to the economy we have limited as a month may bring the deadline of this historic campaign to a minimum of 3-4 months.
However, credit interest needs to go below 9 per cent on an annual basis.
It is also gratifying to see that only the housing sector and the real market will create positive psychology and unprecedented solidarity with the citizens in the housing acquisition that each sector has sacrificed.
Polat Holding ykb Adnan Polat: We are waiting for full support from banks
It's a good step for the president to go to the interest reduction on a call to the banks.
Apart from that, there are a number of steps taken to get the economy in all sectors.
Campaigns made by NGOs, the decision taken by the Central bank and all the steps thrown in this direction for the country...
All banks need to put their hands under the rock.
Come to them, and you join us in this campaign, we walk together on the same path, together, to give life to the economy.
5.5 billion TL investment from Sabanci in 1.5 years
In the first 6 months of this year, Sabanci holding increased its net profit by 11 per cent compared to the same period last year, to 1 billion 353 million Liras, and its sales rose to 17 billion 166 million Liras, with a 22 per cent rise.
Sabanci Holding senior Manager (CEO) Zafer Kuralış, the first six months of the year 1.8 billion TL, the beginning of 2015 has reported investments in approximately 5.5 billion lira.
"We have successfully passed a challenging period in the last period as a country."
"It is now time for more work and production for our country," he said.
Kabatas ferry enjoy 2 years break
The Kabatas Ferry pier was closed for nearly two years in maritime traffic, with the "Kabatas Square arrangement, transfer center and construction of the renovation of the Piers", conducted by Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (IBB).
A modern transfer centre will be built to integrate sea, rail and road transportation on Kabataş Beach.
Traffic is taken underground and uninterrupted pedestrian flow along the coast will be ensured.
Tram and funicular systems will continue to work for a while.
The ring marches will be launched in order to ensure the transportation of citizens Taksim, Eminonu, Besiktas regions.
Interest dropped, home Zaman
A friend of a public bank's manager texted me.
It's always the same thing.
Interest falls, house prices are increasing.
Interest rises, house prices are dropping.
He says, "look at it again."
His business is about individual loans, and he's telling the truth.
The contractors entering the 0.70 interest rate campaign organized by real estate housing have increased prices in many residential projects.
I checked for truth.
The situation is lacking, there is no more, Cinsten...
Meanwhile, a week after the coup initiative of the fatwa terrorist organization on July 15th, we had a conversation with a contractor participating in the construction summit of our newspaper.
The boss of a large company...
I'm not going to name the contractor "you actually need to raise a 10 percent price" when you hear the words, "Are you going to blow up?"
The campaign led by the real estate housing after the coup initiative, the builders launched a large sales campaign with 0.70 interest and 120 months of maturity.
I admit, he put his hand under the bank before the banks, took the risk.
But since we do not cut the speed of Turkey, we are moving with the spirit of unity and togetherness.
A 1-month campaign, banks also gave support by lowering interest.
Then no one raises the opportunity.
Warn the building.
President Erdogan, Omer Koc and Ali Koç Accepted
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, chairman of the Board of Directors of KOC Holding Omer Mehmet Koc and chairman of the board of Directors of Koc Holding and Ford Otosan Board chairman Ali Koç accepted.
Erdogan's admission to the press in the presidential complex took 40 minutes.
Call from BDDK: report O Banks
The President of the Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Authority (BDDK) Mehmet Ali Akben made a statement regarding the "credit recall" warning for the banks of President Erdogan.
"Banks do not allow credit recall if they turn to an opportunity for the terms of the market and do it with different safias," Akben said.
For those who bring such complaints and information to us, we name them at the bank and company, and we are application to the BDDK complaint line.
President Tayyip Erdogan said yesterday that the banks warned: "I say that the interest falls, when credit facilities are expanded, a new era will be opened in front of both our country and investors and our banks."
To refrain from lending loans in this period of our country, the banks calling back loans with trumped-up excuses will call themselves a pure determination, which I would like to announce.
In the period where interest rates are 7-8 percent annually, banks have earned money from these jobs.
More than 500 thousand Russian tourists expected
The president of the Professional Hotel Managers Association (Pood), Ali Kimberly, participated in a positive route of Turkey-Russia relations before the July 15th coup initiative at the Expo 2016 Antalya Exhibition Hall, where scheduled flights to Antalya from Russia began and a certain revival of tourism was said to be aged.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and the meeting of Russian President Vladimir Putin, the sectors that trade between the two countries, as well as the tourism sector, expressed the excitement of the Kimberly, "both tourism and agriculture, from construction to food, I expect very positive developments in all sectors in terms of textile."
Turkey and Russia are two countries that are very close to each other, we have traditional years-based relations.
"As the sectors of the leaders of the two countries are moving very fast as we move forward, I think we can close the distances as soon as we can," he said.
If there were no coup attempts, the Russian tourist number coming to Turkey would exceed 1 million, voicing Kimberly, he said:
But we lost a month during the high season, so the target's downsizing is in question.
I'm still thinking that if the charter flights start, we'll exceed 500 thousand.
It may also be possible to extend the end of the season to the October or even November.
In such a case, additional flights can be placed per year.
I'm guessing this positive weather will be very well evaluated by the Russian people.
They have a homesick for Turkey.
I'm just thinking maybe we could force the 700 thousands.
Expressing their hopes for 2017 in terms of the Russian market, Kimberly said the Russian tourist census would be over 3 million again next year, as well as the two countries ' relations, and Russia's economy will be recovered.
The public personnel ' ban on the removal of the domestic reservation, stating that a small start of the country's head of the Poyod, "cancelled bookings have re-changes, new reservations have been started."
He said, "we have a hopeful expectation of the feast of Sacrifice."
After the coup initiative, the removal of the tour ticket sales ban on travel agencies by Iran is also a very positive development, "it would be very good if we could bring 100-200 thousand people from Iran in 1.2-2 months," he said.
Renew with existing credits?
First, find out how the new interest conditions that occurred with the bank you received the loan and how it affects your credit.
Calculate the cost of using a new loan with a lower interest rate (up to 1.5-2 per cent of the amount usually used) for the early closing of the loan.
If you include all costs, you can still apply for the use of low interest loans.
No breathing on Aslan!
The final champion Besiktas, Galatasaray to play with the Super Cup challenge to win the new season is aiming to enter the Moralli.
The coach Senol Gunes, who founded all his plans on the win, talks with his demands, "we should play a brisk and aggressive."
"I'm waiting for a high pass, and a top control for 90 minutes" statements.
Şenol Güneş was uncertain about Adriano and Quaresma in the field of the players who kidnapped their idol, especially Sosa.
Experienced coach has tried Necip Stoperde in training during the week, but in the left Beste Adriano plays Stoperde Tosic will serve.
The sun, which will also be a preference between Ricardo Quaresma and Kerim Frei, has also made the ball run after a long break in his demands.
Tolga Explosion-Sports News
Galatasaray president Dursun Uzbek, sponsored by the previous evening at the dinner organized by NEF, the media officers answered the questions and the transfer of the annual fee to the subject of the debate, the expatriate footballer Tolga CIĞERCI supported.
I won't talk to football players
Football team said that a much better situation than last year, Dursun Uzbek, "I still do not have to talk about it, players should speak on the pitch," he added, and says: "I can't say anything."
2-3 weeks of the week I can see the teams, then I can say our chance at the championship.
I'm waiting for the explosion from Tolga.
You'll see Tolga with his stance, his physique, this year, he'll explode, everyone will admire it.
Galatasaray president, Mehmet Topal contact with the transfer period only if he did not agree with the club, he stressed the introduction and said: "We were not meant to be loaded to raise the price of our opponent."
John Terry Gentleman, a master athlete.
We would like to transfer to Galatasaray if he did not agree with his club.
Bank debts with Riva will end
"We wanted to make a room for 13 thousand people", stating that the TT Arena will start near salon construction.
But the president said, ' Make room for 15,000 people '.
We changed the project.
We'll close the bank debts with the money from Riva.
The Mayans are on us again
Last season of the team closed by taking the Turkish Cup tomorrow will play in the Super Cup final of Besiktas to reveal the quality of the match against Galatasaray president Dursun Uzbek, the Yellow-red club in the slogan with a phrase that revealed the claim.
"The Mayans are ours," said the president of Uzbek, Galatasaray after a year after the break he believes that he will be the champion again.
Displacement ban removed
The Association of Clubs has signed a historic decision at the meeting held yesterday.
On July 15, the meeting formed the agenda of the coup venture and the consensus was reached to remove the displacement ban.
From the new seasons to play among the 4 elders and Besiktas-Bursaspor encounters, the guest team fans will be able to take their place in the bleachers.
"We have decided to remove the displacement bans in order to continue the unity and togetherness formed after July 15th."
"We believe that unity and togetherness are much more important after the 15th of July democracy martyrs," he said.
The vote on the Other Side Clubs Association Foundation has been stated that the current board will continue its duties.
Galatasaray Club chairman Dursun Uzbek was elected to the presidency of the Court.
Contrary to previously held meetings, the club was noted that the Flamas were not included in the table.
The table was equipped with Turkish flags in order to emphasize Turkey's unity and togetherness.
"We'll clean our own garden"
"We have no luxury to underestimate the formation of the fetus," said Göksel gümüşdağ, the president of Clubs Association, who experimented with an attack against the indivisible integrity of Turkey, indicating that he had found the great Turkish nation.
"As a football family, we must also clean and tidy our own garden," he said.
"Do you think of an organization under the name of the July 15th Democracy Cup?", Gümüşdag said, "especially with the name of the Turkish Cup, friends have general opinion."
"We will share this offer with TFF" statement.
Target 25 thousand combined
Trabzonspor will compete in new season in the new stadium.
Muharrem USTA, president of Bordomavilları, who was counting days to move to Akyazı, determined the prices combined with his poll on social media.
The new season is expected to sell to 100 thousand in combination with 25 thousand combined Bordeaux-Mavilies, the upcoming combinations of fans to show intense interest.
"The target is 25 thousand combined and 100 thousand more shirts."
We agreed on the back of the castle and the east/West Tribune prices with survey answers.
Be auspicious.
"Now you have the ball" statements.
Bordeaux-Blue Club's new season combined prices are determined as follows: "Kale Arkadarı sub-top Tribune combined prices 350 tl, East Altust and western Tribunes 750 tl".
The new season spread of the 150 lira is also presented as a gift to the combined areas, 30 percent of the students and the combined area with the spouse 50 percent discount will be made in the second combination was announced.
South Korean Suk officially announced
Trabzonspor, South Korean Hyun Jun Suk agreed on everything.
A temporary transfer fee of 750 thousand euros will be paid for a rented player from the Porto Club for a year.
The player will be charged a 1 million Euro guarantee annually.
The player's purchase option is set at 15 million euros.
Cheap-Book Fired
On June 11, 2015, the F. Garden sent Pereira a two-year signature at the end of the first year.
Chairman Aziz Yildirim and Board of directors, the club's financial affairs coordinator Tamer Yelkov'in held a meeting.
The economic dimension of the event was held at the meeting.
By the agreement with UEFA, the "annual damage" to keep a level of the precision of Yildirim's financial issues, which was reported to receive assistance from Yelkovı.
Pereira's representatives were contacted.
His mission was to be notified.
Agreements for 2-2.5 mily on euro
There are still some points in the financial issues that have been unresolved, so the official explanation is to be made today or tomorrow.
Pereira and his team did not have an official announcement, so yesterday he went to practice with the team.
The total cost of this operation was around 4 million euros.
However, F. Garden has been stated to provide an agreement under this price for termination.
F. The garden will finish a number between 2 and 2.5 million euros if Pereira pays the fee in advance.
If Pereira doesn't agree, his salary will be paid on a monthly basis.
If a team is in agreement, this payment will be deducted.
Yes I finally went to Pereira and Fenerbahce fans signed a great revolution.
In the war with Vitor Pereira, Caner Erkin, Luis Nani was given martyrs.
Robin van Persie was rescued slightly wounded.
I'm going to be glad Vitor Pereira's gone, and I'm thinking that our administration will find worse.
My joy remains in my course.
Pereira is gone, according to the champion Fenerbahce.
Vitor Pereira, you can leave your suitcase with 3-5-2 now.
Pereira's gone to Kadikoy on the 18th.
The task was taken from Serdar Calis
Turkish Football Federation (TFF) top ranking referee Observer, Serdar Çakın's dismissal was learned from the task.
Currently serving at the Olympic Games in Rio, referee Fifa, the father of our referees Cüneyt Çakır, the appointment of the referee community in the last year, led to discussions...
In the TFF in the past days, the Council of Central Arbitration (MHK), the Arbitration Board and the representatives and observers ' committees were re-created.
Smiling face icon from Van Persie
In the minutes of the claim that Pereira was put to the end of his mission, the Dutch star Robin van Persie made a share of his own Facebook account.
Robin van Persie, who shares the photos of Fenerbahçe Idmande himself, put a football ball and smile icon in a row.
This sharing was interpreted as "the departure of Pereira."
The first independent gold of history, El-Deehani
The first in the double trap category of the 2016 Rio Olympics shooting industry, Fehaid al-Deehani has brought the original gold medal to independent athletes in the history of games.
Medals were distributed in the double Trap category in competitions at the Olympic Shooting Center.
The 49-year-old al-Dehehani, who participated in the Games independent Olympic athletes team, met with Italian Marco Innocenti in the double Trap category finals, due to the penalty given to Kuwait.
The hand-Deehani was the first name to win a gold medal with the independent athletes ' team in the Olympics, with a score of 26-24.
I opened a door to the headscarves.
The Egyptian Doaa Elghobashy, who fought as a headscarf in women's beach volleyball at the 2016 Rio Olympics, said, "I respect those who play with the bikini, and my opponents have headscarves."
In recent years about Islamic religion, Elghobashy said he wanted to break the perception in the West, "I have not had any problems with my chief of the Olympics."
They're fighting athletes ' abilities here.
I am receiving positive messages from the Islamic world through social media from many countries.
Especially women are encouraging us, we are proud of you.
I opened a door to the veiled women, "he said.
The 20-year-old Egyptian elghobashy, who occasionally came next to the foreign athletes and asked why he wore a closed dress, said, "They understand when I tell them I'm out with this outfit."
Kazakh Baladin wrote history
One of the biggest surprises of swimming history was the triumph of the Kazakh Dmitry Balandin against yesterday morning.
The US swimmers have been shown to be a favorite in 200 meters of butterflies, 2 minutes and 7 seconds in 46 Salicat victory.
The first swimming medal of the history of Kazakhstan, and also the gold-bringing Balandin 2:07.53, the US-based Josh Prenzot, 2:07.70 in the Russian Chupkov.
Sun: Get the friendship in the foreground
Besiktas coach Senol Güneş, Super Cup match Süleyman Seba's death anniversary anniversary to coincide with the community, while the gentleman said it would be meaningful for a struggle.
"I believe that friendship will be in the forefront of the tribunes, not only on the field, but also in these days when we need fellowship more than ever," experienced coach said.
Feö Elbaşı Gulen confiscated assets
Adana Republican prosecutor's attorney's Office of Terror-Technical and Organised Crime Investigation Bureau of the persons and organizations affiliated with the Feö/Pdy, in the indictment prepared to provide financing to the Feö/Pdy terror organization by ensuring a exorbitant amount of value in the reconstruction plans, the amendment was filed against the Adana 2nd Heavy Criminal Tribunal for 17 suspects.
In the case of the accused, the accused of the "attempt to abolish the constitutional order", the court delegation, the defendants, who were fugitives with Gülen, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, made a decision to apprehend the arrest.
However, until this time, the court has decided to conduct the fugitive proceedings for 4 defendants who have not been caught and are not on trial.
Adana 2. The heavy Criminal Tribunal on this, in order to ensure that the case of the rights of the case remain inconclusive in the foreign country and therefore unable to reach the fugitive, the Fetulullah Gulen. Ömer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu's "Penal Procedure Code (CMK) article 278/1," he decided to confiscate all assets.
With this decision of the Tribunal, the Fugitives, land-sea and air transportation vehicles, all kinds of rights and receivables, precious documents, partner company shares, rental safes and bank accounts were frozen in Turkey belonging to the fugitive defendants.
Huseyin Güngeren: The destruction of Gulen 3 depending on the collapse of the foot
Commenting on the coup of the fetus, Huseyin Gün's remarks were striking.
Hüseyin Günkün's descriptions of the line heads as follows:
As I crossed my mind to the coup, I wrote this topic in the last 5-6 months, "they can, but they cannot do it in the chain of command."
I didn't know two things; the first is that it is widespread and profound, such as the Gendarmerie general Commander's 8-year commanding officer and Mr. President's Yaveris.
Mr. President, the most struggling person, who knows how to pay attention to the choice of their own, but the most important characteristic of these is an unprecedented privacy.
They are two hundred.
One of the most important evidence of the statement is that it is not a job that a retired preacher like this fetus can do.
He's definitely getting reinforcements from the CLA.
The CLA has confiscated this person too soon.
Mahmut Önür said in 2014, at the home of Vehbi Koç in 1971, Fuat Doğan met with Fetullah Gülen.
He says the people who are most interested in this period are the closest relationship between MIT and the CIA.
The U.S. paid for our Armed forces personnel, and then one man came out of it, after remembering them.
When do we learn this, in 2014.
After this article by Mahmut Bey, there was no explanation that would contradict it.
For instance, the fair orphan was caught on top, right?
He's wondering who he is.
He went to Pennsylvania two times in the last 25 days before he got back.
Adil OConnor has been gone since 2002 109 times abroad.
When you put all this together, it needs to be investigated; now that the kidnappers have gone to the US in March 1999, when they all went to the United States, they went to the United States with an excuse to investigate.
It will be seen that they have gone to Pennsylvania with a vestigime.
But the CLA's real contacts can be identified from there, especially the people who need to be upgraded from safety to the United States.
Wikieaks is in the documents; He is founding a smiling association and this association is doing joint meetings with the CLA.
Fifteen years ago, the CLA and those connections were made to illustrate the formality.
Ali Ali I told you there was an intelligence pool in Pennsylvania two years ago.
He works for the prime minister, Fuat Avni.
But the bad thing is, this information has fallen into the CLA, as it fell into Pennsylvania.
Gulen's destruction depends on the collapse of three feet; one of which was the base, the friendly ring, the ones that were in deep hypnosis, and they're still saying it was Erdogan's film.
I was saying three feet, a base support.
The theft of the questions, the robbery, the right to defeat, it shook the base support.
The other two feet; political support, international support.
International support is still available.
The only thing that will break political support is documenting the tapes of Baykal and MHP executives by the fatwa.
After July 15th, Mr. Kıçdaroğlu also uses "Feö", opened the eyes of everyone.
Smiling is such a poser that he says, "I'm not doing it."
He says to me, "Mr. Hussein, this girl demands a lot of dreams, they send me, I forbid it, because it's not right to do it with dreams."
A voice recording had fallen, the person who spoke in that voice recording Barbaros Kocurt: My teacher friends have dreamed, the prophet tweets in half.
1 policeman was martyred in NUS
According to the information received, the police carrying out patrol mission in Saladin's neighborhood armed with the armored vehicle was fired with long-barreled weapons.
A policeman was martyred in the first fire that opened, a police officer was injured.
Two terrorists were neutralized in a shootout against the police.
Wounded police, Nusstate hospital was removed.
Operation in the region is in progress.
Darbeceri Oyalını TV broadcasts not interrupted
Special televisions, which have significant shares in the prevention of impact Initiative on the night of July 15th, continued broadcasting thanks to a technical staff who resisted the Darbecans in Turksat.
This is the hero Asim Akkaya...
TRT in the reading of the Declaration in the statement of the interruption of the publication of the expression of the introduction of the psychology of the Akkaya, "I thought my colleagues were killed in the fire from the helicopter opened everything."
They wanted me to put a gun to my head and cut the broadcasts.
I just turned off the local TV.
Then I made them move away from the building, saying we should go to the dishes.
I spent about 20 minutes in the antennas.
"I cut some wires here again, but I didn't touch the broadcasts," he said.
When Darbeciler failed to cut the broadcast at Türksat, he brought the experts of the Milky Way TV.
These terrorists were captured by police officers who arrived three minutes ago.
About 1 hour after the Darbeciler returned to the building, he understood that the TV broadcasts on the phone were continuing, and that the moment he came to the nose with death, Akkaya, said:
I took over the evening shift at 8:00 that night.
That's what he gave us.
My friend was a sentry for the e-government and the electrical system.
We've been on a low flight by the time we met for tea like 9:00.
There were still a few more air vehicles flying quietly around the helicopter.
We saw the lights.
They were probably unmanned aerial vehicles.
They flew out of the Helipkopter's.
I'm in the 11th year, I called the Senate for the first time I've seen such a close flight.
Then a movement began.
We found out the bridge was closed while we were on the news.
In the meantime, our general manager instructed the security guard to come to the building with non-overtime buddies.
We learned that all of the broadcasts in TRT were dropped when they went to the guardgate to get information.
TRT publications were interrupted for 5 minutes.
I called the TRT main control.
Our control station said TRT broadcasts are coming back and the announcement has begun to be read.
Deputy General Manager Halil Yesilçimen, the general manager's orders to immediately stop the TRT broadcasts.
TRT 3 is a wide broadcast from the channel, we started to work to cut the broadcast.
We just heard that Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said he had a ' dare. '
The order of our director's ' TRT ' has put us in some resistance psychology.
We cut TRT, we heard a helicopter after a while.
We went out, the helicopter landed in the guardplace, and everyone was scattered.
We hid in a building back there.
We were a total of 12.
When we get back, the soldiers from the helicopter come in.
The soldiers have captured a few of our comrades.
We showed up so we wouldn't leave them alone.
In the meantime, I saw the general manager catch up with our assistant and kneel.
The soldiers were talking amongst themselves.
"Let's shoot a witness from them, be afraid."
Then they put us all inside.
Commanders ' who is responsible for this place, I will not ask again, ' he began screaming.
When we heard about the ' shoot one ' style, we thought, "We have no news of the country, but we have a directive," the TRT is definitely.
So there's a resistance.
At that moment, I felt like I was giving up.
I said, "It's me."
I stood up before I knew what to do.
All I could think about was that the helicopter was fired from my colleagues in the Guardyard.
I thought your 10-15 friend was martyred in the guardgate, and it was a comfort to me when I thought, "Eventually they'll kill us."
The commander in chief said he would cut all publications except TRT.
Local channels We have a system section that monitors the satellite when we leave.
We are broadcasting 80 witnesses from the 200 local channel.
I just remembered this room.
There were no national broadcasts.
If I cut them off and tell them they were all interrupted, at least until then, the support comes from outside aid.
Or I'd go as far as he went.
We assumed we couldn't get out of there.
I said, "Okay, I'll cut."
I cut out an antenna from a local channel package.
I've cut the power button to the monitors that we can monitor the national channels.
So the printer has no signal on all the screens.
I said I had to go to the antennae to be completely cut off.
The commander sent me to the antenna with the two soldiers.
I opened the antenna room, one of the soldiers said, "stop there."
He put his gun on my forehead.
' You will cut all except TRT, no one will stay, I'll shoot one of you eventually, that's you please ' said.
And now that I'm out of my way, I said, "When you're gone, you'll see it all frozen," and I didn't say anything else.
We went into the station, I was stalling and cut the local publications.
We passed the other antenna.
In the meantime, I have a system that corresponds to the national channel near 20.
About 20 monitors were wasted when you cut the local channels.
The Lord has helped us so that we were not forced to respond, but also tied their hemorrhoids.
They believed in our answers.
They didn't take it.
It's comforting us.
They asked for the location of the traffic after he left the antenna.
"I don't know, I'm a TV broadcaster," he asked, "Do you have an electrician among you?"
' There's no electrician after work, and if there's a malfunction, the team will come. '
Actually, there was an electrician at the time.
It occurred to me that I didn't cut the Cyprus broadcasts.
I was thinking of cutting them down to stall the troops.
They were a little relieved that they thought the broadcasts were cut.
They didn't mind looking at the broadcasts.
Now the band is on hold.
About an hour later, when he opened the TV in the waiting room, they saw a news broadcast.
He came in, soldier.
' Sir a news broadcast has not been interrupted ' he said.
We came to the eye with the commander.
He said, "Stand up."
I woke up.
At that moment a soldier said ' there are still publications in progress '.
' There are channels broadcasting in Cyprus ' he said.
' They are broadcasting through Cyprus, ' I said we can't do anything to them.
Then he said, "Let's all get on the move.
Darbeciler fled Türksat with the van.
I saw the photos of the soldier who took me to the bathroom and was executed in that Van's seat.
They shot three times and shot them in the forehead and cheek.
My friends confirmed that they were the same soldier.
We were calling that soldier "son."
He was probably a soldier.
They could have executed him to get rid of him.
According to Asim Akkaya's statements, Turksat's first police team came from Golbasi.
Police teams went to the county to pick up ammunition when they found out that helicopters were in the vicinity, the security guard was being scanned.
They returned in 40 minutes.
When the police teams arrived, Turksat did not see anyone in the foreign court.
Only 3-4 minutes after the police came to the building of the so-called expert persons sent from the Milky Way TV Akkaya, "Police teams ' invited us inside, TURKSAT staff, we need to enter the emergency ' said.
"The police had a problem with the identity issue, four of them suddenly wrapped on their phones and said," We were caught. "
The spirit of Dagkapı after Yenikapı
The AK Party will make a landing in Diyarbakir, Van and Mardin in early September with a large delegation of businessmen, artists, athletes and opinion leaders to establish "heart bridges" with the citizens in the region.
The AK Party is preparing to carry the "yenikapı spirit", consisting of democracy seizures, after the bloody coup initiative of the fetus/pdy'ci Cuneyt.
The provincial presidents of the CHP and MHP will be invited to the aid campaign in eastern and southeastern Anatolia regions before the feast of Sacrifice.
The AK Party, which will provide the message to the people of the region "with the state and the nation" is going to deliver help to the needy families and needy.
The AK Party's last FMC meeting was held for the first time in Ramadan, the Gönül Bridge project was taken.
In the meeting, which was affected by terrorism, the need for families, especially for young people and children, the positive results of the project was decided to persist in the sacrifice feast of Gönül Bridge.
General Vice president, civil society Public Relations chairman Mehmet Muezzinoğlu began to work.
Accordingly, 12 provinces in the east and southeast, Diyarbakir, Mardin and van will be gathered.
Meetings in these 3 provinces accepted by the centre are to be held before the holidays.
Businessmen, artists, athletes and opinion leaders will also participate in the events.
In these meetings, the organization of AIDS and works will be discussed.
The statues of famous names on the Feast of sacrifice will be delivered to the citizens personally.
Students and children will be given a festive allowance, the school needs to be addressed as the post-holiday schools are opened.
The sacrifice is to be distributed to the needy.
After the 15th of July, the AK Party, the CHP and the MHP against the impact of the national unity of the air, reflected in this project.
12 provinces including the CHP and MHP provincial heads of the project will be invited to the organizations.
The help activities will be provided for 3 Party co-operates.
The events are considered not to be invited to the HDP as it is in Yenikapi.
Fair Orphan speaks of "father-in-law"
As the 1st number of the coup initiative of July 15, the fetus was taken into custody, with his father-in-law, and was referred to the court.
His father-in-law, Javad Yildirim and Kayinvalide Hatice Yildirim, were released under the condition of judicial control and the prohibition of international exit.
Speaking at the exit of the courthouse, Cevat Yildirim, a call for the surrender of the Damadina said: "I am with the state."
Versthe trouble of the Darbeci.
What I do know is that I didn't actually recognize the fair orphan I knew for 18 years.
I don't have a fair-orphan groom.
I want him caught soon.
In this way, neither can live in Turkey or live in the world.
You have to trust the Turkish justice.
If he made a mistake, he'll withdraw.
He's giving us trouble running away.
Pity the police, the government.
20-25 days the police are not dealing with another job.
Stating that Turkey does not want to return to Syria Yildirim, "we need to work, not our coup."
We do not want Turkey to go like Syria.
Syria had a neighbour like Turkey.
There is a president like Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
He said, "What do we do with our darbrain?"
On the other hand, the last time on July 19th, when the TEM motorway was passed through the 03.00, the Orphan, the ' secret ' plate was displayed in Akyazı, after leaving the house of his father-in-law in the garage was involved in losses.
Operation of the University of Feö: 30 detention
In the scope of the investigation conducted in Izmir for the university structure of the terrorist organization of the fatwa, the button was pressed for operation this morning.
Izmir Clerk Çelebi University in Izmir by the branch office of the fight against the financial crimes, about 40 suspects who have been detained in the operation of the university, 30 of whom were taken into custody.
In the operation carried out by the orders of the Chief Prosecutor of the Republic of Izmir, there are also professors among the names taken into custody.
Detained names were questioned in the branch office of the fight against financial crimes.
Search for other names is in progress.
Detained prosecutor attempted suicide
According to the information received, the county Police Department, the investigation under the scope of the Viransehir prosecutor Ahmet Fikne asked to take custody in his office.
On top of that, he claimed he would commit suicide by spreading his weapon.
Fişne stopped committing suicide by convincing his colleagues and his wife to the courthouse.
Taken into custody, the County Police Directorate was taken.
Smoking ban in parks and sports areas
Bilecik Mayor Selim Yağci, Sheikh Edebali Cultural and Convention Center at the signing ceremony, the municipal council decided to include a substance in the park, sports and play areas of the non-smoking point in the Zabita regulation, he said.
YAGCI has wished that the protocol would be good for children and young people to remember that they came together in order to sign a protocol with all public institution managers concerning the future of new generations.
Yasin Yilmaz, provincial health director, also reported that the Protocol was aimed at quitting smoking and removing young people from bad habits.
After the speeches, Mayor Yagci, rector of Sheikh Edebali University, Prof. Dr. Ibrahim Taş, provincial national education director, Virtue Durmuş, provincial health director Yilmaz, provincial health director Omer Balcı, Deputy secretary general of public hospitals Serkan Kadir Keskin and Yesilay Association Bilecik Branch, deputy chairman
Ergenekon saw the Kumpasi, killed the fetus
Ankara Republic Chief Prosecutor's Office, 2009 "committed suicide", closed the file of Special Operations department President Behçet Oktay's mysterious death investigating the role of the fetus.
Ramazan Akyürek, the head of the former police intelligence agency, who remained in the same logistics with Oktay and died six days before Oktay, suspected of Hezbollah terrorist organization, was the prime suspect in the investigation.
A portion of the ammunition seized under the Ergenekon investigation was stolen and buried by the team of Special ops from the authority of the fatwa, suggesting that Oktay was killed because he detected it.
In Ankara on February 25, 2009, the head of Special Operations Department of the period was shot in the head behçet Oktay "Suicide" was the death.
But there were many question marks on the case.
Two years after his family and family lawyers fought the law and the evidence he put forth, this time the murder investigation was opened.
The left hand was the gun that said that Oktay shot himself.
They were also fractures to the rib bones, and traces of the bodily assault were detected.
The case for the murder investigation opened in May of 2012.
The murder trial was just a case of Halil Khan who was found next to him when he died and had gunshot residue.
The cutting judgment has finally been acquitted.
Another crime in prison and sending letters to the prosecution, said that Oktay was involved in the death of Nurhan Önder was sentenced to six months imprisonment for the crime of "committing criminal and judicial authorities".
Those prosecutors are investigating
Meanwhile, prosecutor Huseyin Yalcin, who said "suicide", was retired, and Mustafa was promoted to the Supreme Court for the murder investigation.
The Oktay family, along with these prosecutors, wants to investigate the autopsy prosecutor Nihat Yildirim.
Behçet Oktay's sister Şule Oktay and his brother Nezih Oktay and family lawyers, he has submitted many demands in the trial process.
The family, who said it was impossible for Halil Khan to kill the specially trained oktay alone, asked for the expansion of the investigation.
The family, who said the top of the event, Savcilar Huseyin Yalcin and Mustafa Smooth and Behçet Oktay file as a suicide to close the police officers wanted to be identified and tried.
All the demands of the family were rejected, and it turned out that Oktay was a member of the Hezbollah terrorist organization six days before he died, with a false name "Abdurrahman right".
The president of the Security Intelligence Department of the period of listening to Ramazan Akyürek was determined.
In this development, Behçet Oktay re-addressing the file of the Ankara Republican Prosecutor's office, the murder of the Fatwa terrorist Organization (Feö) began to examine his finger.
The case opened in Ankara's heavy criminal tribunal for the illegal rest of Oktay will begin on 19 September.
Of course there is a fetus behind
The Oktay family interviewed by Sabah is hopeful of the current investigation.
The family members said that the previously demonstrated investigation and trial of the fetus's finger was covered in the murder.
Sister Şule Oktay, "This murder actually showed show."
We couldn't detect it.
Before my brother was killed, he said, "They'll eat me."
I said, "Who?"
Then he pointed the fetus at me.
I was thinking he'd be taken from duty.
I never thought about death.
There's a fetus behind this, of course.
He said, "That was the time management."
Martyr's family called, joined the prayer
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the last evening of the previous call to democracy seizures, after addressing citizens in the garden of the presidential complex, AK Party Sinop Deputy Nazim Mavis, the family of the University of Democracy, Omer can Açıkgöz also called.
During the night when they prayed for his son in 01.30, indicating that the phone came, Father Fahrettin Açık, "Mr. President also joined the prayers."
"I also said that our country and his health are important to us."
' Your health is important to us '
President Erdogan addressed the citizens in front of the presidential complex in the previous evening.
Erdogan met with some citizens in Küliye after his speech ending at midnight.
Holding the hand of an elderly aunt who came to the watch of democracy, Tayyip Erdogan, who walked together with the citizens, chatted one by one, took care of the children, thanked the citizens for their sacrifice.
Erdogan later, AK Party Deputy Nazim Sinop M's through July 15, the father of martyr Omar Ab. called Fahrettin Acikgoz
Tobb University Faculty of Law, who was shot in front of the presidential complexes 21-year-old Omer can's father, Fahrettin Açıkgöz, 01.30 at home at night, while praying for his son and martyrs, said that President Erdogan called, "when I say we pray for my son, Mr. President also joined
I told him that our country and his health were very important to us.
"Dear President, we are very pleased to call and pray on the phone," he said.
The pyramid of the fetus was razed to the ground
26 fetuses were arrested in Urla, Izmir.
Among those arrested, the victims ' statements in the organization of "reciprocity", namely Zorba, and the time newspaper subscription to the end of the threat of those who wish to terminate the Liberation Naip Hepyalcin also found.
In Usak, 20 older sisters of the fetus were arrested.
In Bursa, 24 people, including former Bursa Police commissioner Ali Osman Kahya, were shipped to the courthouse.
Doctor's imam arrested
In Edirne, the organization's responsible for physicians ' Imam Aydin Tunnel was arrested.
Denizli Pamukkale University, 14 Professor 30, Alanya Alakeykubat University, 19, Karabük University, 2 academics, and the fetus Colonel Hilmi Sandal was detained in Rize.
8 judges and prosecutors in Diyarbakir, 2 governors and 2 prefect were detained.
One of the judges was learned that the detention process was held in the courtroom.
Batman's deputy Governor Sener Çağlar is suspended.
Two police chiefs were arrested in the 465 polisten which were uncovered in Istanbul safety.
51 in Konya, 14 in Kayseri, 14 in Malatya, 10 police in Siirt and Adana province Imam Naim S. was arrested.
The treacherous PKK, who shot the people, defended
For more than forty years, Turkey has been struggling to end the PKK terror and began to face the day in which he could not destroy the leaders of the organization in this struggle.
In Turkey's critical institutions, the fetö militants have tried to tie up the arm of Turkey in four sides.
Today, the murder of Hrant Dink, Uludere incident, serious doubts and evidence that the fetus was behind critical events such as the lowering of the Russian plane began to emerge.
The traitor's record is so fluffy
During the July 15th coup initiative, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's city of Marmaris, which manages the raid and assassination operation of the fetus, Brigadier General Gökhan Sahin Sönmezateş's record was quite fluffy.
Previously, Sönmezate'in air operations to the PKK was determined to notify terrorists when planes were airborne.
In the investigations of intelligence units, Gökhan Sönmezate'in's record was determined to be fluffy.
Protects terrorists
In addition to leaking intelligence to the PKK, the Turkish fighter planes did not fully shoot the determined targets.
MIT is the terrorist organization PKK leader gave points in the foothills of the Qandil for intelligence staff, Jennifer Sönmezateş by saptırılarak targets was allegedly been averted.
With the changing of the coordinates, the PKK's leading team to destroy the fighters, the targets on the side of the aircraft, the terrorist organization, the leaders of the terrorists were determined to survive.
In the intelligence review, both the diversion of targets and the F-16 took off from the air where PKK terrorists were found to play a key role in Sönmezateş.
37 Thousand Officers opening file
The reconstruction process was initiated at the TSK and the Ministry of National Defense after the crackdown of the coup initiative of the members of the fetus with the instructions of the terrorist head Fetullah Gülen.
A thorough cleaning process was initiated, especially when the introduction of military high school questions was stolen by the fetus, and the non-member military students were sent to the school by lightning.
With the latest exports, approximately 37 thousand officers from 39 thousand 287 officers remain, while the cleaning for the generals and admirals will be held for these officers as well.
In order to do so, the Terfiler will be frozen in the roster, especially from the lieutenants to the colonel's rank.
A thorough investigation will be completed before the promotion.
The file of the 37 thousand officers opened individually.
With a work of forty wounds, the soldiers of the fetus will be revealed.
Officers who are not affiliated with the fetus will continue their duties.
The military will be in the struggle until the last fatwa is cleared, while the officers ' promotion is only to be raised after the investigation.
The investigation is conducted together with MIT, police intelligence and State supervisory board.
In the case of the investigation, the officers who opened the file, the civilian or the military school, they rank, the terfiler they received, the places and commanders of the missions are investigated.
He will also investigate the work of a forty-wound employee, even if they are members of the fetus.
All measures will be taken to ensure that no connection with the fetus is adversely affected by any officers.
If the slightest doubt is revealed, that officer will be immediately suspended and referred to in judgment.
The Association of the information and documents found in the connection of the fetus, the rights of the Army and the relationship of the military immediately cease.
During all these operations, when the Terfiler is frozen, the examination will be deepened.
In order to avoid gaps in the post-issuance staff, the necessary measures will be taken.
The horse and the Feö Kumpas'dan Ttsk and forced pensioners after the security investigation of the tactics that they want to return to their profession with the same personal rights as the equivalent cadres and circuit mates.
2 thousand 133 officers were exported
The number of staff members of the Turkish army was 39 thousand 287 officers on 1 July.
The majority of 32 thousand 289 personnel in the officers ' class, consisting of Lieutenants, lieutenant, captain, Major, colonel and colonel, were stationed in the land, air and Naval Corps.
However, the first wave issued on July 27th was taken from a thousand 99 officers, including 726 Kara, 314 air and 59 naval forces.
In the decree on 31 July, a thousand 304 officers, including 125 Kara, 909, and Gendarmerie General command, were cut off with the tsk.
Pehlivanoğlu: "The Feö poisoned"
The founder and the first president of the MHP, Alparslan Turkler retired Superintendent Tahpepehroğlu, who was killed by the poisoning of the Turkak, said that the family was in co-operation with the fetus.
From 1977, "I have not told anyone until today, but Muhsin Yazicioglu was in the presence of the Darbeci, who watched the image of the soldier, and the same soldier was assigned to kill our President, after he died in 1997," Pehlioğlu said.
Here's what the bodyguard of Turkan said:
We went to Germany in 1997.
Three days before we arrived, we had a check-up on the chief.
The 33-year-old Burdurlu doctor Fikret, who has been checking up, is "18 young gibisin."
He said, "You have nothing."
This doctor died of a heart attack a month later.
We returned to Ankara on April 3.
The head of the wheat went to Amasya.
They called me back and went to an engagement at the Ankara Hilton.
After he got out of the engagement, the Turkan driver called Alparslan "open the back window."
He wouldn't have opened a window in life.
When I open the window, there's a sound called a hik.
First, they had a heart massage at Cankaya Medical Center, but they were finished.
We took it to the medical center of Bayindir.
I'm thinking that someone in the family poisoned Amasya.
No autopsy was made to Turkan.
His ex-wife, Seval Turki, has heard my illness and my remarks that he went out and made a description of the defense, "the Thorn was murdered."
The human conquest makes a tomb.
They went through a heart attack.
The tomb of Turkan must be reopened.
Alparslan Thomas was murdered?
They were arrested for smuggling gold into Pennsylvania!
In Izmir, Feö/Pdy was seized under 1.5 kilos in the operation for businessmen's structuring and was confiscated during the shipment to Pennsylvania.
In the operation held in the workplace, the calls to Pennsylvania were expected to be kidnapped for more than 30 kilos of gold has been learned.
The businessman Mehmet Eldem's office, which was prepared to be sent to Pennsylvania, which is located in the Workplace Dem jewellery, was arrested after 3 people were detained and sent to prison.
Also detained in the operation held in the framework of the investigation conducted in Izmir businessmen Mustafa Özkara, Ezel elected and selected Resul was arrested.
Izmir Provincial Police Directorate of the Directorate of Combating Financial Crimes in the operation organized by the teams of the Aegean and Western Mediterranean Industry and Businessmen Federation (ESIDEF) Chairman Mustafa Özkara Batinak Transit transportation oil and tour. The owners of Tic. Ltd. Şti (Balpet) were chosen and had been detained in the selected Resul.
While trying to flee to Kyrgyzstan, he was determined to be one of the most important names in the Aegean region of the fetus, which was the son of Osman Gürbüz Özgül, who was captured in Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport and the first Board of trustees of the Fetullah Gulen.
The other businessmen who were detained with the claim that they provided the fetus with material resources were also informed that the 5 fuel stations owned by Ezel and Resul elected were seized.
In 1 hour steal vehicles and robbed 3 gasoline
The incident happened last night at the Eagle.
Two suspects arriving at the eagle with their hijacked vehicle first robbed another gas station 300 meters ahead of a gas station next to the side road, and then another workstation on the side road with a gun.
After the robberies were alarmed, eagle police identified the suspects in a short time and initiated a capture study.
Police teams have pursued the vehicle that the suspects C.Ş. and U.A..
The suspects, who began to flee from the vehicle they used from the Eagle Square, also fired at the police at the time.
After a pedestrian chase, one of the suspects was trapped on the avenue of sovereignty.
Police C.Ş. the information he received from the second suspect in a short time.
The suspects were arrested and sent to the prison after their operations at the Eagle's Public security bureau.
On the other side, the masked robbery was recorded by the cameras.
In the images reflected in the gas station's security cameras, the Unsub first enters the gas station and then takes the masks out of the outside vehicle and enters the market again by taking their weapons.
There is a struggle between the first suspect in the grocery store and the grocery worker.
The other person next to the suspect who came out with the market employee's attack, enters the head with a mask and a gun.
The suspect who pulled his weapon, after disarming the employees, escaped by taking 6,000 200 lire in the vault.
The suspects ' top searches were hijacked from 3 stations, about 15,000 pounds, an unlicensed weapon, and the hijacked vehicle was seized.
7.2 magnitude earthquake in the Great Ocean
The US Geological Survey Center (USGS), the epicenter of the New Caledonia Island, 109 kilometers east of the earthquake was recorded 10 kilometers deep in the sea bed announced.
The tsunami warning after the earthquake, which did not cause loss of life and property, was soon cancelled.
There is often an earthquake in Vanuatu, which is located in the "Pacific Fire Circle" earthquake generation.
Darbody unaware of martyrdom prayers
The 38-year-old Cetin can, who was martyred on the Bosphorus Bridge on the night of July 15th, is protected by their fortitude.
His wife, Fatma can, had not yet heard from the coup initiative, he learned in a chat with his wife's "martyrdom prayer in the month of Şevval", saying that he had been at home martyrdom prayers and advised him to take this prayer.
After the evening they watched the news from the television and transferred to the impact Initiative Fatma can, said:
We were prepared and dated together.
When we went to the bridge, there were people waiting.
As soon as we entered the bridge, the tank fired twice.
We took the trench, then we continued to walk in the tank.
There was a spot on the bridge where a big bus stopped.
It was so crowded in there.
We stood there for a while, waited.
We thought what to do when we couldn't move forward.
Cetin asked us to cross the side lane.
When I crossed the side lane, I guess he was a sniper, we were a clear target, and he was shot there.
After four hours of having made that prayer, Cetin was martyred.
He didn't know anything about it.
A wisdom of God...
God, Alan Allah.
My wife said before, "If I die, we erect a tree that gives fruit to my grave."
I made this wish by planting a plum tree in the head of the grave.
Fatma can, President Erdogan, as well as gratitude for visiting them, "God bless him," he said.
Skull and bone fragments found in the installation excavation!
According to the information obtained, at the time of 20.00, the faculties of Çankaya neighborhood Yeni Ankara Caddesi and Coşkunlar Street intersection of the train road, the work machines to pave the electrical wiring of the soil bone fragments were released.
On top of that, the staff and the neighborhood residents reported the situation to the police.
Police teams were dispatched to the event on the tip.
The police, who saw the three skulls and bone fragments that came out during the work of the machines, reported to the crime scene examination teams.
After the work of the crime scene teams, bone fragments were taken to the forensic institution by examining the bags.
Residents of the neighbourhood claimed that there was an old cemetery on the ground where the bones were extracted, the slums were built on the cemetery in the 1960s, and then slums prayers were destroyed.
Event review initiated.
Rita's murderer can take 4 months to return
34 days after the disappearance of Istanbul in Izmit Gölcük, German hairdresser Rita Millet Winkler (39) 4 months later, arrested in Germany, the murderer of the male friend of the suspect, the extradition to Turkey 4 months was stated.
Winkler came to Turkey on Thursday (March 3rd) to meet his boyfriend Ali Kemal S. (46).
After meeting with Ali Kemal S. In Pendik, Istanbul was expected to return to Germany on the morning of Wednesday (March 9th) and disappeared.
As a result of the investigations conducted by the Istanbul police on the reported loss of his family, doubts were concentrated on Winkler's married boyfriend Ali Kemal S.
On April 13th, the program was published on the ATV screens and the sweet hard programme Ali Kemal S. 's, his brother Huseyin S., and the work at the workplace in Gölcük has been reported to excavate.
There was a job search on the tip.
Winkler's body was found buried on the floor of the workplace.
His brother Huseyin S. (42) was arrested, who gave conflicting statements to help Ali Kemal S. On the murder.
The suspect, Ali Kemal S., was involved in losses in Germany, where he lived after Winkler's body was found.
The chief prosecutor of Hamm reported that Ali Kemal S., wanted by Interpol in 190 countries, was caught walking in the street and resisting the police.
The German attorney general announced that the suspect has not yet been able to determine where he was hiding, and the return process to Turkey could find 4 months.
On the night of July 15th, the fatwa was revealed that they were firing at the mosque to silence the raft, which was read from the mosque next to the raider base.
Sabah, the closest mosque to the Akinci base, Tai Tusaş Mosque, with the attack footage of the imam of the mosque, "the name of the Holy" has reached a statement during the complaint.
According to the information received, the Darbeciler began to shoot in the mosque by aiming directly at the speaker, which was about 50 meters from the beginning to be read.
One of the bullets hit the side of the speaker at 4 o'clock.
The Darbeciler was read from the central system to the end of the raft when it did not hit the loudspeaker.
According to the crime scene holders, he walked in there with the Darbeciler mail that broke into the glass door with intent to kill my imam.
Mosque Imam Mustafa Şeker in his statement "I have not been injured personally, but I want to shoot even the mosque, and the people who martyr the Kazan, the most severely punished these canilar" he said.
Young people at the festival killed drugs
2 of 5 persons who were disturbed at the youth festival held last week in Istanbul Sariyer lost their lives.
According to the information received, 5 of the participants of a youth festival held in Bahçeköy on August 6 disturbed hospitalized.
The treatment of Tugay Ergin (19) and Gökhan Afridi (19) he lost his life.
3 person's treatment is in progress.
The police were detained for 5 people who participated in the festival, suggesting that they sold drug pills to teenagers.
3 of the five suspects who were referred to the court after their operations were arrested, and 2 were released for trial without arrest.
The research on the cause of death of youth continues.
In Burhaniye district of Balikesir, two of the six young people who camped on the coast by camping and using drugs were the same.
Hospitalized U.S., and G.C. lost his life.
The other 4 teenagers were taken to safety Directorate for the statements after their treatment.
He blew a bomb in front of his estranged wife's house
41-year-old M.Y., who lived in Bursa, nearly 8-9 months ago due to severe inability to leave the house in front of the wife rented by his own effort and filled the hammer with a ball of nails into the hand-made bomb, which increased the power of blow.
Due to the explosion during the hours last night, citizens feared and panicked, while the pieces of the ball and nails were scattered into the environment and the glass of many houses caused the break.
Anti-terrorism teams initiated the study to capture the M. Y, which escaped and unemployed after the incident.
Residents of the neighbourhood said the woman was leaving home about a month before her wife's prints were settled in the shelter.
Prison explosion in the Philippines: 10 dead
Senior Inspector Xavier left, a spokesman for the prison administration and the Bureau of Penology, said that in the Paranaque prison in Manila, two Chinese citizens lost their lives in 10 prisoners, not yet determined.
On the left that testified that a guard was severely injured in the explosion, "we confirmed there was an explosion in the first examination."
"Research on the cause of the explosion continues," he said.
Before the incident, when the prisoners found out they were sent to another building, indicating that the reports were examined on the left, the investigators were investigating whether the explosion was part of an escape initiative.
In a statement to the local press, Police Commissioner Jose Carumba also reported that the guard was shooting at the prisoners after hearing gunfire and that a grenade in the vicinity exploded.
Curumba noted that authorities are investigating how the prisoners who shot the guard put the gun in the prison.
Explosions in Thailand
3 people lost their lives in the explosions that occurred in the south of Thailand in 4 cities.
Authorities, Trang, Hua Hin, Surat Thani and the explosions in Phuket, 3 persons died, among which the tourists were injured in 35, he said.
Police spokesman Piyapan Phingmuang, a press conference organized by the bombings of the bombing said that the attacks are not linked to terrorism.
"Thailand has no regional or religious problem with anyone," Phingmuang said.
"We think this is an internal sabotage act," he used the statement.
Cunta leader Prayut Bell-Oça told reporters that he did not want to comment on who was behind the explosions.
He said, "we should focus on ensuring tranquility, peace and trust."
Last year, on August 17th, 20 people were injured in a bomb attack near the Erawan temple in the commercial center of Bangkok's capital, Rajprasong, 120 people were killed.
"Sleeping Tyrant" to be executed with poison needle
A death penalty was sentenced to 63-year-old Lonnie David Franklin, nicknamed "Grim Sleeper", who had arrested at least 10 murders in the United States for many years.
Franklin, a former cleaning worker, was targeting life women and drug addicts in their murders.
Judge Kathleen Kennedy, who judged Franklin, told the accused that "I have never seen your monstrous and so many cruel crimes in my life."
Franklin is one of the most bloody murderous killers in California history, he said.
It was learned that Franklin was to be executed with poison needle, who intentionally killed 10 people and was convicted of attempted murder.
Measures against the fetus in Macedonia
Macedonian State Minister Furkan Çako said their extensions in the countries of the fetus are also stepping down to reveal the legal aspects and initiate the necessary investigations.
The organisation is also reminiscent of the activities in the media and business world in Macedonia, Minister Çako said, "All this is known in public opinion."
The Turks here are no longer giving their children to the school of Feö.
And we call our people to not send their children here anymore.
"This structure, which has previously benefited from the hospitality and humility of the people, is well-known by the public," he used statements.
The sky will stage meteor showers
Prof. Dr. Hasan Esenoğlu, a professor of astronomy and space sciences at Tübitak National Observatory and Istanbul University, told AA correspondent that Perseid would reach the highest level at night, connecting Friday (August 12th) to Saturday, August 13th.
"Swift-Tuttle" with the effect of thousands of parts of the sun's rays and the gravity of a comet, indicating that the rainstone of Perseid is formed by the rain, Esenoglu, this situation will be transformed into a natural visual feast.
Esenoğlu, the first time of the celestial stone of Perseid was discovered in 1862, the world from the 1990s said that again began to be seen.
"We should not watch such a visual feast from space, we must take care of it," Esenoğlu said, voicing the Perseid Sky Stone Rain in July and August months.
It's a natural visual feast.
He said, "it will contribute to our definition of the universe better."
Red, warm white light while cold
Esenoğlu, a piece of the fragments of the broken stone during the rain of lentils in the size of the Earth, the attention to fall, said:
The Perseid heat can be up to 2,000 santigrata.
Due to the warming and friction in the atmosphere, perseides produce a red, warm white light while the natural environment is cold.
The international meteorite organization can contribute to science by writing how many celestial stones are seen on the website.
This data is being collected from all over the world, and it's carrying information.
Can be watched all night
Reminding that the rain of the celestial stone is progressing at about 60 kilometers per second, Esenoglu voiced that this visual feast in the sky could be monitored well all night from the low-light areas in the northeast direction.
Having more than 100 celestial stone rains a year, Esenoğlu noted that after the Perseid celestial stone Rain, the Geminid celestial stone rain was a phenomenon worth watching on 4-17 December.
Less educated, former footballer Erdogan
This balance was the winning alliance of the high-educated followers of Fetullah Gulen, a devout religious entrepreneur with the populist Islamic Mcians, who was the leader of the low-educated former footballer Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who founded more than one school, dozens of universities and educational institutes from Texas to Tashkent.
The above is a translation of a phrase in an article that came out last week in foreign policy.
Erdoğan, a university graduate, is a small educated and former footballer; Gülen, who is a primary school graduate, is widely regarded as a large entrepreneur and the smiling followers are openly praised in the Western press.
Then the other side is "Why is the United States and/or the Western opposition rising in Turkey?" themed articles, ' because Erdogan... ' They are trying to bring explanations to the sentences started.
It is possible to think that analysts who see the western opposition in Turkey as a nevzuhur situation in Erdogan's period are unaware of the history of Turkey.
In fact, if the statistics are viewed, the first decade of the Erdogan period can be read as a period in which Western opposition in Turkey has decreased or remained average.
In this decade, the European Union and the United States also had good relations with the synchronized format.
Erdogan's criticism of Israel's ' one-minute ', the fact that the EU did not reveal a clear policy on the outbreak of civil war in Syria as a result of the massacres of Assad Rejiminin, and leaving Turkey alone in the refugee crisis, some of the figures such as the President of the European Parliament, Schulz, "Erdogan is not our interlocutor" in the form of the Masters, the opening of a curse contest for Erdogan in Britain and the Mayor of London at that time, the foreign Minister of the present is a poem of the disgusting expressions that you cannot imagine, the PKK, which enters the country from Syria in Turkey is a live bomb and repair our citizens repairing repair, the PKK's Syrian branch of YWG in Europe with the need for the opening of the office with the need for the exaltation of the troops in Syria, the US, the YWG arthe Special Representative Brett McGurk, who is in charge of fighting with Daş, is in special visits to the YWG. Opposition groups that do not pose a threat to Turkey are persistently left alone, while all the employment and logistics support will be shifted to YWG, with Turkey's daspouses on the other side the contempt of his struggle and even the US support and the Baghdad administration pressure, as well as Mosul, can be counted as a result of reducing our Union count and so on.
Come on, as a result of the bloody coup we lost 247 people, let's say we have not had any support for our democracy until the failure of the alleged allies of the EU countries and the United States to prove that there was no need for us to build the ' peace and stability in Turkey ' in the relevant first talk of Kerry, and we forgot to make no emphasis on democracy and elected government.
Well, because 11 Charlie Hebdo employees were killed in Paris, many leaders of the world, including Turkey, participated in protest marches, but resisting the tanks for democracy, 247 How will it be remembered that any president from any Western country with an ' ally ' to Turkey is not coming, although a month past the coup was killed?
What are we going to say about a few times a year for the refugee issue, or to send a sub-level representative of the Presidents or senior representatives?
How will we assess whether the entire EU and US ambassadors have gone to a past visit to the Turkish Grand National Assembly in the bombing because the glass of Hurriyet newspaper broke?
During the first two weeks of the coup in Egypt, the EU has been shaking hands with the coup leader Sisi by sending high-ranking representatives, Kerry's visit to the aftermath of the coup "democracy is being rebuilt," he praised the coup management by saying, Turkey's democratic resistance to support for democracy in every opportunity of the Western countries expressed concerns of Turkey's democracy is it too abnormal to be sincere in Turkey?
In fact, 95% of the people, who are responsible for the coup of the smiling in the United States, even allowing the freedom to live in the Turkish people are now enough to remove the strawberries.
If the background I counted above is added to it, I think it is clear that the rising Western/American opposition is simply an inexplicable situation with Erdogan.
Moreover, Erdogan does not even say that he thinks the U.S. influence is still in the Darbody...
So the crate's never been touched.
The travel zealots who have humiliated their own people, who call themselves "the crate", who do not think like him, are "ignorant of the hungry", are able to steal from the same wire after the 15th of July night?
After seeing how these people have come to the state and democracy, I wonder if they were looking for answers to the question "Where were we wrong"?
But the questions that have to be answered are so many?
The officers who served in various stages and were given the right to use the weapons of the state until yesterday to become traitors, have agreed to enter the "traitor" status and seek asylum from foreign states.
We should see how we live in a mental palpitement environment and that obsession with people is directed towards behaviors that will be treated as perversion.
When the watered-down brains blow initiative...
For those who participate in this action, has there been a point of view of Turkey's cities that resemble Syria's cities?
Why would an officer bomb his country's parliament?
We should not have fallen into a delusion like waiting for the minds of the fetus with the Bedduas and the mind-appropriate behaviors.
Other principals, but we have to know that not only is the fetus responsible for everything.
As a profession of fighting, hatred and hatred, the staff have made the necessary contributions to the tragedies that have been experienced.
The Aymazlar, which offer themselves as "intellectuals", have convinced the masses that all kinds of illegal behaviour and even manners are natural.
We've even seen how they shot this ring when they were given weapons to the hands of those who hated their own people.
The way of democracy, the way we know
I'm saying something very simple: on the evening of July 15th, the Turkish people in Turkey gave the fatwa to the fetuses, the Harames, the Sergerdeere 250 martyrs, and he established a lot of saving democracy.
But behind the 15th of July, there are three periods: 1992-2002; 2002-2012; 2012 and later.
There are three changes in these three phases: economic, social, political.
The social exchange has prepared two major cases: the migration of the metropole from the countryside and the transport of these galaxies to the center after a very long period of time in the vicinity of the cities.
On Wednesday, I stated that this move was via Metro.
It is also emphasized that the Metro is the most important social change.
The second major change in the same accuracy is bridges and roads.
The contribution of the road and the bridge to modernisation is easier to understand.
The road comes, economic and social structure varies.
And we have changed the political structure.
I've identified this historic bridge in Istanbul with the Bosporus.
Demirel made the Bosphorus Bridge.
This was the culmination of the 1950 peasant movement in the 1960s.
In the same direction, Ozal continued with the second bridge, whose name now changed to the 15th of July Martyrs ' Bridge.
Their route routes even show the relationship between the environment and the center.
That's how a social change route is being monitored.
Demirel and Ozal's intention was to melt the masses in the center.
To adopt the ideology of the center.
The AK Party hasn't made a third bridge in years.
Because immigration was driving all the speed.
The incoming people are stationed in satellite cities.
A somewhat enclosed system was created in those regions.
The AK Party's local governments have given people a lot of business, social status, and they vote for the AK Party.
Thus, the masses did not melt in the center, the political awareness of the surrounding area, and after that to the center ' themselves as ' asked to come.
This formation was preceded by the ongoing headscarf discussions (1992-2002) before the AK Party.
These discussions have made the conservative, reciprocity, and provincial people not to integrate with the center, but to the masses in their next side.
The AK Party was the same way I stated after 2002 that it was politicalized the masses, brought it into politics, matured.
Then, be careful now, the construction of the 3rd Bridge is the simultaneous democratic struggle on July 15th.
So, history and sociology overlap.
Let me add another dimension to this: The AK Party's move is not limited to the Istanbul bridges.
Something more interesting is happening: The AK Party is now integrating the surrounding cities with the central cities.
This is achieved via two bridges.
One, Osmangazi Bridge.
Two, the Canakkale 1915 bridge.
Add ways to that.
Turkey will now reach another route from Thrace to Izmir.
Do you know what this meant, Izmir will now be a completely different city.
Let's say that the AK Party will no longer receive ' from the outside ' Izmir.
Now Bursa, Çanakkale, now the cities of Thrace will turn into other humanities and social geography.
That's it!
The 15th of July martyrs are the stars of this great adventure.
Fenerbahce van Persie and cheerful training
Fenerbahce, the preparations of the game of the grasshoppers continued in the morning hours.
Coach Vitor Pereira, coach at can Bartu facilities started training at 10.00 hours, took a total of 1 hour and 30 minutes.
After 30 minutes of core training in the living room, the players, running and warming movements, 5 to 2 ball grabbing and rust work.
Training is completed in the narrow area with double castle matches.
Fenerbahçe will continue their preparations today at evening hours.
Aziz Yildirim, who complained to Gülen...
New developments related to Fenerbahce match-fixing operation is happening.
"A name from the sports world has raised the words of Aziz Yildirim," said Huseyin Gülen, who participated in a program published in CNN Turk and explaining that this operation was made by the fetus.
"Lightning one day on the plane," What are you doing next to Fethullah Gülen? "
When this person conveyed the words to Gülen, Fethullah Gülen also attached to Aziz Yildirim.
Why is he obsessed with Aziz Yildirim?
The President of the club, which is the most fans of Turkey, can harm himself if he is in this mentality.
"Handicapping case was used to purge Aziz Yildirim" statement.
After these words, a statement came from Faik Light, one of the important lawyers of the handicapping case.
The light appeared in the opposing opinion program published in Haberturk and explained the person who complained to Aziz Yildirim Feö Elbaşi Gülen Gulen.
Here's the lyrics of Faik Ikram:
Aziz Yildirim, about Fethullah Gulen something tells Ihsan Kalkavan.
On the private plane, coming from Azerbaijan.
Mr. Aziz is a witty man, and he's criticizing someone, and he says it in the swamp.
Those swamp sentences might just get a little wing.
Some of those phrases might react.
These sentences are being cultivated somewhere.
Towels, Assyrians, so many businessmen, as if they were to pilgrimage to the Umrah, to go to the army, not to be accepted with such tolerance.
This is what it says, a very heavy criticism.
Well, that's not the only problem.
Meanwhile, there's a football team to try.
Direct links of some football players and managers from Galatasaray Club and Hakan Sukur...
Muharrem USTA: match-fixing topic different
Trabzonspor president Muharrem USTA, Fenerbahce reached the hand of friendship.
Turkey's issue, the whole club is a matter of the master voicing, "79 million with the country is on the side."
We have to demonstrate a stance.
Fenerbahce has a problem with the fetus, if unfair, I will stand behind Fenerbahce.
"But Trabzonspor and Fenerbahce match-fixing issue is different," he said.
Kurbinstant prices announced
Karabulut, said: "We have set the kilogram price of live drought in the union to 18 lira."
"We have also identified the price of the Duke as a live kilograms of 17 lira, the second class, and the live kilogram price of the cow we call a 15 lira," he said.
Noting that the animals that were not to be sacrificed last year were also being sold, Karabulut said that citizens should be aware of the sacrifice when buying:
Especially animals should be considered ear earrings.
It's also important that the animal is healthy.
They can control the vaccine in the animal's passport while our citizens are sacrificed.
In the face of appearances, the victim should be alive and alive, and he must have thrown his feathers on it.
You shouldn't have any symptoms like saliva or snot on your face.
We have seen that the animals that are not victims of the past year are also available and sold.
An animal with a drought needs to fill the age of two.
We can understand that by looking at the animal's teeth.
The teeth that we refer to as the ' cover ' of an animal filled with 2 years have exited.
But animals that are smaller than the age have not come out of the teeth.
As an image, the animal can be seen as large, but the cover teeth may not be exited.
The cover teeth are also immediately noticeable because they are larger than others.
Rize Airport to Sea
The second airport to be constructed by sea filling in Turkey will be Rize airport.
Rize Airport will be constructed on the sea embankment from 26 to 32 meters from the coast, in the area of 266 hectares between Yesilkoy village and the Maiden Tower of the market district.
Due to the greater depth of construction in Rize Airport, approximately 3 times more filler materials are used at Ordu-Giresun Airport.
Within the scope of the project, the 36 aircraft will be constructed at 45 meters per hour, and the apron will be built with a 3,000 meter long runway.
Rize Airport, which will serve passengers and cargo planes in general, is also expected to serve the composition Class D, turbulence class heavy, takeoff weight of 150 thousand kilograms more planes.
In the first place for the Rize Airport project, which will be auctioned off by the General Directorate of Transport Maritime and Communications Ministry of Infrastructure Investments on September 8th, the sea fill, runway, apron, Taksirut, transliteration, safety wire netting, Breakwater, pat fields and environmental lighting works.
This will cost 600 million lire.
After the infrastructure works, the construction of the top structures covering the terminal buildings is also to be done by spending 150 million lira.
The construction of Rize airport will be completed in 2 years and 9 months.
Engine 8 cents hike
Fuel distribution companies, as of tonight's tomorrow, the average of the engine's litresine 8 cents a raise.
According to the information received from the Oil Products Employers ' Union (püis), the average price increase of 8 cents will be achieved in the liter of the engine since August 13th, 2016.
Accordingly, the price of the engine in Ankara with an average of 3.68 pounds will rise to 3.76 lira.
The price of the engine will be 3.71 lira from 3.63 lire in Istanbul, and the average 3.66 lira to 3.74 Lira in Izmir.
The prices determined by the distribution firms are small-scale changes according to companies and cities due to competition and freedom.
Fuel distribution companies had a four-penny hike on Friday's liter price last week.
Galatasaray footballers in Smiley's conversation
The Galatasaray and the national footballers, who struck the Turkish football in a period, appeared in the conversation of the fetus leader Fetullah Gülen in 1996.
Hakan Ünsal, Mert Korkmaz, Okan Burak, Arif Erdem, Ismail Demiriz, Ugur Tüçüker and Yusuf Tepekule are clearly evident in the appearance of Fetulullah Gülen's conversation in 1996.
In this chat, Gülen, Galatasaray, referring to "won 4 goals scored" used the statement.
Said, known as the old football imam of the fatwa, the morning newspaper "Turkey in 2002, the third team was handed a premium to the world."
Emre, Okan, Hakan Sukur, Hakan Ünsal and Arif collected money from these primates.
The collected funds were 250 thousand or 500 thousand dollars.
This money took Arif Erdem to Pennsylvania.
"Smiling later, the Meyhyeler was flat" explained to Arif.
The national football players have been in Gulen's conversation!
Emel Dereli has said goodbye to Rio
The national athlete Emel Dereli, who represented Turkey in the women's cannonball at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games athletics, failed to qualify.
In the athletics competitions held at the Olympic Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, women's cannonball qualifiers were over.
The last European third, Emel Dereli, first about 17.01, the second about 16.86 meters, the third attempt made an invalid shot.
In the series 11, the national athlete who took the 24th in total, said goodbye to the Olympics by not staying in the finals.
They are both players and sports directors!
Galatasaray Daikin, a team of volleyball Sultans League, has reached the agreement of Captain Nihan Güneyligil by extending the contract with the athlete as both player and sporting manager.
Yellow-red in a statement made from the club, the 34-year-old athlete was signed as both a player and a sporting manager, stating that the contract was "a career full of achievements, as well as a character of the least career as important as Captain Nihan Güneyligil, we wish to have achievements from the heart of the new mission".
The first 1. League experience in his career, living with Bursaspor, Nihan, then, respectively 75. Year, Besiktas, Vakifbank Gunes insurance and Fenerbahce jerseys wore.
Nihan Güneyligil was awarded the Turkey Fair Play awards, organized by the Turkish Volleyball Federation (TVF) 2016 TBVL Fair play and the Turkish National Olympic Committee last season.
Galatasaray HDI Sigorta National Sportsman of volleyball Efeler League teams, can Ayvazoğlu, the new season team will also be a sporty manager.
Yellow-Red Club in a statement, can be understood as both the player and the sporty manager for the 2016-2017 season, stating that "Galatasaray's career, as well as the great character of the owner of Sporculuk, Dear can Ayvazoğlu new mission we wish to have achievements," said.
Table tennis final in China!
2016 Rio Olympic Games won the Chinese Long MA gold medal in one male, table tennis.
In the riocentro of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, medals were distributed in single men in the table tennis competitions.
The MA, who defeated Jike Zhang 4-0 in the finals, obtained the gold medal.
Zhang's only men in the silver medal won the bronze medal of the Japanese Yun Mizutani, who defeated Belarusian Vladimir Samsonov in the third match, 4-1.
Won the first medal in Fiji history
The men's Yedili rugby finals, played at the Deodoro Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, faced Great Britain and Fiji.
Fiji, who defeated his opponent 43-7, won a gold medal.
The bronze medal in the category of Great Britain's silver medal was South Africa, which defeated Japan 54-14.
Critical match in the Olympics Cüneyt Çayın's
From our FIFA card referees Cüneyt Cakçak will play a whistle at the Brazil-Colombia match in the 2016 Olympics in Brazil.
Cüneyt Çayın's assistants, Bahattin Duran and Tarik Ongun will undertake.
The fourth referee of the match will be French Clement Turpin.
The event to be played at the Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo will start at 22.00 local time.
In the category of UEFA elite Referee, Cuneyt Çaycül takes part in the International tournament finals for the ninth time in his career.
Five thousand police control in Istanbul!
Under the law enforcement of "Yeditepe peace" in Istanbul, helicopter-assisted supervision is carried out with the participation of 5,000 policemen in 39 districts.
Istanbul Police Commissioner Dr. Mustafa Çaşkan coordination of the city general in the evening hours initiated by the security application, narcotics crime, combating financial crimes, combating terrorism, combating smuggling and organised crime, special operations, riot and traffic teams are among the many policemen attending.
General Information Screening (GBT) controls for suspicious persons The wanted witnesses are focusing on suspects carrying weapons, knives, drugs.
The maritime police in the districts of the coastline also supported the application.
In the ongoing applications of Kadikoy Sogutlüçeşme Metrobus station, the GBT interrogation of the people, as well as hand bags and suitcases were also checked.
The application of traffic control, the police helicopter, also provides aerial support.
The application will last until late hours learned.
Arrest propaganda in social media!
According to the information obtained, Isparta Police Directorate of the Anti-Cybercrime branch office teams, Gokhan Archer's social media, the coup initiative of the propaganda, and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has insulted the knowledge of the work initiated.
Gökhan Archer's examination of the coup of the fetus, praising the impact initiative and the coup, the opposition and the shares that insult the President Erdogan, the teams, the operation that was organised by the suspect detained.
The archer, which was then dispatched to the courthouse, was arrested.
Deputy Governor and Prefect in that province were detained
After the coup initiative of the fatwa, the administrative investigation initiated by the Ministry of Internal Affairs deputy Governor Halil Ibrahim Ertekin and Karalılı Kaymakami right Başhan, the police teams were detained in the evening hours.
The suspects, Ertekin and Bashhan, were taken to safety.
Very striking phrases about Feö from Robert Amsterdam!
Robert Amsterdam, an official of the Turkish-American law firm, who legally investigated the international illegal activities of the FATLAŞCI terrorist organization (Feö), wrote an article on the US magazine Forbes and shared information about how the fetus was organised.
Stating that the fetus leader Fetullah Gulen was managing the organization of the Manor in Pennsylvania, he said, "it will be clear that the organisation has advanced organizational capabilities in the underground under the ground, when he is closely looked at how the US operates about 150 contracted (charter) schools in the United States."
Amsterdam, seven months ago, has been commissioned by Turkey to investigate the companies and schools that are linked to smiling, stressing that the findings so far are "shocking".
Amsterdam, in his article, gave the following opinions:
According to the information given to us by the disclosure, the Gulen organization has a strict hierarchy in which instructions are communicated.
These instructions are usually delivered in a face-to-face meeting with Gulen and Poconos.
There are seven management groups (Consultation group) on the hill.
This group is transferring instructions to the Advisory Committee.
Instructions from here are going to the imams of the region, the imams of the country, the imams of the region within the country, the imams of the provinces, the imams of the province, the imams of the district, the imams of the Student Houses (light houses) and students.
Businessmen, bureaucrats and officers, are working at different levels according to their position and support within the organization.
The organization has opened 55 thousand businesses worldwide, transferring the largest contracted school network in the United States, Amsterdam has reported that millions of dollars are given to these schools every year from the taxes paid by the American taxpayers.
Amsterdam wrote that the majority of these coins were routed among the members of the organization and transferred to the "elected" subcontractors.
Amsterdam explained this operation with the following examples:
Magnolia Schools established in California, smiling and shared the same office, the company's annual service contract for the provision of 700 thousand dollars was captured.
Amsterdam, another example, showed the Dove Science Academy in Oklahoma.
Amsterdam noted that this school also paid the property owner an extra 3.1 million dollars, and that the controls were determined by the same persons connected to the Gulen of the management of the school and the property owner of the company.
The 46, which holds the biggest place in the smiling network, also noted that similar situations were in the schools of harmony in Amsterdam, the smaller companies connected with the fetus, the software license, the purchase of the curriculum, such as the money paid with pens.
"This example illustrates the misuse of nearly 28 million dollars of American taxpayer," Amsterdam underlined that he had rich in the fetus.
"And this is the apparent part of what we've found so far," he used his statement.
Pointing out that nothing has been done to prevent this kind of incidents, Amsterdam reminded me that the situation has worsened in the past tense, and that the Texas Education Agency has begun to investigate the irregularities.
Amsterdam stressed that schools are functioning normally and that many employees do not have information about what kind of corruption they have.
Amsterdam, "but in fact these schools are working like a snowmaker for laughs."
"Smiley then uses the enormous amount of coins for political donations in order to conceal their unlawful activities", he evaluated.
According to a statement from an old American teacher who worked at these schools, some employees in the Gulen schools were doing meetings separately, explaining that some of their salaries were transferred to the organization in Amsterdam, "the smiling members of the Turkish armed forces are believed to be working in a similar manner."
The impact provoking was strengthening its positions over the years.
"But in the sight of the military, a parallel force was gathering power behind the scenes," he wrote.
In Amsterdam, he finished his article as follows:
Policy makers in the US have a question of interest in the events of July 15-16 and later, and that is expected.
However, while addressing two allied states at a diplomatic level, it is necessary for the individual to wake up in the operations of Gülen in the state authorities that the US law is in a serial violation.
22 judicial members are on the run in Istanbul!
The judges and prosecutors ' Supreme Council (HK), which was released on August 10, 2016, and the Ankara Republic Chief Prosecutor's Office by the claim that they were members of the conquered terrorist organization, 648 Hakim and Savcidan, who served in Istanbul, 22 of the fugitive was learned.
The 648 judges and prosecutors, which were uncovered by the Istanbul Republic Prosecutor's Attorney's office on 11 August 2016, were detained and searched for about 67 in Istanbul.
45 of the judicial officers who were searched by the prosecution at home and workplaces were detained.
There were 22 judicial mensthat could not be addressed in the search.
The decision to capture about these judicial mensupis learned.
45 suspects in custody 18 of the prosecutor's statements after the arrest of the request of the magistrate was referred to the criminal justice.
22 judges and prosecutors who are unable to address the search process continues.
11 people were detained in Konya!
Under investigation, studies aimed at the arrest of persons who have been detained.
In this context, 6 employees were detained with 1 teacher working at Eregli Municipality and 4 officers and private Merve Şahika School.
The suspects passed through health control at Ereğli State Hospital were taken to Eregli Police Directorate.
The curfew was abolished in Diyarbakir!
In a statement made by Valilias, in the north of Lice, Silvan and Kulp, the operation was conducted in the mountainous and wooded field and the organization of the top-level organisation managers, the terrorists and the business unions, the shelter, the determination of shelters and storage areas and the handling of the materials was stated.
Silvan's Dolaplidere and the climbers, lice's Cirali, Kıyıköy, Dalca, Tüleli and Kutlu, Demirli, Kamlışli, Cukurca, Bayirkoy, Temren and Taşköprü villages in the statement concluded that the curfew, the following statements were given:
In order to ensure the safety and property of the people in the areas performed in the operation and the provisions of the provincial Administration Law No. 5442, the prohibition of banning civilian citizens since 9 August at 5was lifted from 16.00 today.
The statement thanked the citizens for being in compliance with the ban that was brought to ensure the safety of life and property.
Passenger bus overturned in Uskudar!
According to the information received, the Harem Coast Road, a bus company Yılmaz E. (37) under the direction of the 34 ZP 5568 plate passenger bus was transferred out of control due to rainfall.
Police, health and fire crews were dispatched to the event instead of the report.
Passengers on the adjacent bus were removed from the vehicle as a result of the fire brigade's work.
3 passengers injured in the event were removed to Haydarpasa Numune training and Research Hospital.
The road, which was closed due to the accident, was opened to transportation after the removal of the damaged vehicle.
NATO-led staff Colonel Feö has been arrested!
Colonel Özkan Caglayan, a commanding officer of the NATO Counterterrorism Centre for Excellence in Ankara, who has decided to capture about the operation of the Fetullaçı terrorist organization/parallel State structure (Feö/pdy) in Izmir, was arrested.
The decision to capture about the second pillar of the investigation conducted by the Izmir Republic Chief Prosecutor Okan Bato, "The structuring of the Turkish armed forces of Fetö/Pdy" in the scope of the waterfall, was taken into custody in Ankara and brought to Izmir.
Izmir Police Directorate Organized Crime Branch of the operations in the Department of Health control after the waterfall, was dispatched to the courthouse.
After the prosecution's statement, "being a member of the terrorist organization" and "acting on behalf of the organization" charges were taken to the court, the Cascade was arrested.
Zekeriya Self Description from Cavusoglu
Çavuşoğlu, Zekeriya Öz and Adil Okunç'in Georgia, the question of the allegations that "this information is not right now."
But there are different notices.
This is all being evaluated.
We're in close contact with the Georgian authorities.
"All kinds of details, information, notice are meticulously assessed," he said.
The question of whether or not you have doubts about what could happen in Georgia, "Zekeriya Öz previously fled to Georgia."
It was spotted in the cameras on the customs gate.
He has a knowledge of his arrival in Europe.
We examine every information that comes to us, not just for these two, but all the other fugitives.
Wherever they run, we'll run their tracks. "
Çavuşoğlu, the question about the interview with his Iranian counterpart Cevad Zarif, "bilateral subjects were evaluated."
There are many issues between Turkey and Iran.
Political, commercial, transportation, energy, combating terrorism are our common struggle.
There are regional issues.
Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Gulf region, mainly Syria.
Turkey and Iran can play an important role in solving problems in the geography we live in.
We agree on a lot of things.
We agree on many issues, such as the territorial integrity of Syria, border integrity and the cleansing of daspouses and other terrorist organisations in Syria, as a container government.
We had different ideas about Assad.
But we'll keep talking about it as always.
Truce, Geneva We agree on the continuation of the negotiations.
There is no point in the fact that the consensus doesn't actually bring conclusions.
"The important thing is to get results," he said.
Çavuşoğlu, the question of when Turkish planes join the operations in Syria, "our delegation in this regard was gone to Moscow."
"The purpose of our set up these mechanisms is to be taken in a coordinated manner in order to prevent the accident from happening, especially in the struggle with the daspouses here," he said.
Çavuşoğlu to question about the gas Alanya with Iran, "Iran and Turkey two brothers country."
The board has to decide, so we can make a deal with ourselves.
I had a little bit of a site.
We should be able to make these arrangements before they go to the throne.
"Gas reduction, prices were our demands" statements used.
Gülen's return to America for the question about the date of departure, "a delegation from the United States in 22 will come."
23-24 meetings will take place in August.
Our Justice Ministry is preparing the file.
As soon as the file is ready, it will coincide with future visits from the United States.
"We will go to Washington with our Minister of Justice and deliver the files and discuss it," he said.
High-level PKK captured in Istanbul!
A high-ranking director of the PKK terrorist organization was caught in a successful operation in Istanbul.
Istanbul Police Department, the organisation's top executives and the 300 thousand lira per award placed in the ' grey list of Cigerhun code named "the rival assistant in Istanbul seized.
Istanbul Anti-Terrorism Branch Directorate teams carried out a result of the operation in the address of Bagcilar, a rival helper, Homeland Security settlement was brought to the office of the Anti-terrorism branch was questioned.
As it is known, the important name of the terror organization on July 9th, Baher Erdal, was assassinated by the Tel Hamis brigades in Syria.
Iranian Foreign Minister Gazi in Parliament!
Çavuşoğlu came to Parliament with his counterpart Zarif.
Çavuşoğlu gracefully examined the damage before the honour Hall, then the prime Minister's office doubled, the damage examined.
After his gracious visit, he said:
The emergence of the Turkish people on the streets proved once again that the Turkish people and the people were superior to all powers.
The Iranian Islamic Republic has condemned the coup initiative from the first hours of the coup initiative, in the same way that the Turkish people and the government have been and have always been.
My visit to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey today is a symbol of the Turkish people that we are with and that we are next to Turkish democracy.
13-person family caught escaping with boat
The Coast Guard teams, who patrol the Muelllim Strait, operated on an illegal immigrant group to flee Greece's Lesvos island in the morning, with an inflatable boat.
13 fugitives were identified as belonging to the same family in determining the identity made.
The head of the family, Seydo Ali Ahmet, said he had applied for his wife and 11 children to go to his next son in Germany.
He gave the organisers $700 apiece, and then Greece, and then to Germany, indicating that they wanted to go to Seydo Ali Ahmet, Iraq, in the city of Şengal and the Yezidi, because they were killed by the ISIS soldiers and said they fled to Turkey.
In Iraq, a family owned companies in their own, and German, English, Spanish, Arabic and French, said illegal immigrants, the region of ISIS, the business of the coming of the corrupt, the only desires to go to the son of Germany.
The carriage has made a bridal car
The couple with the wedding ceremony attracted great interest in making a different convoy from traditional wedding convoys.
The couple who created a convoy with carts preferred a carriage as a bridal car.
The couple who created the wedding convoy with about 10 horses from behind the instrument team attracted great interest from the citizens.
The convoy took a tour at Keşan City Center and then went to the wedding house.
Bomber husband caught
According to the information obtained, the wife of 41-year-old Mehmet Ali Y., Kadriye y., left the house with his child with severe lack of weakness, about 9 months ago.
Unemployed Mehmet Ali Y., yesterday evening, his own, and into the House of the nation where his wife lived with the hand-made bomb, which he supported by filling the marbles, nails and firecrackers.
Here for a while shouting threats by Mehmet Ali Y. Then he detonated the bomb by placing the Mazgala in front of the house.
After the explosion, the environment residents suffered great fear and panic, and the ball and nail fragments contained in the explosive were damaged by hitting the glass of many houses.
Mehmet Ali Y., who fled after the incident, suspected of wandering in a black suit and backpack, the police called the citizens.
Yildirim District Police Department research bureau teams who followed him, Mehmet Ali Y. began to flee.
The unsub went into the garden of a house on Mirror Street.
With the kids reporting, the police surrounded the house with long-barreled guns.
The Unsub surrendered, who knew he couldn't escape.
The bomb disposal specialist was called for Mehmet Ali Y. 's Purse.
The bag comes with lighter gas, toys, firecrackers, tape, screwdriver, scissors and nails.
Mehmet Ali Y. is being taken to the police headquarters, the investigation is in progress.
Kizilay Kurban Launches donation campaign
Kızılay, who organizes the sacrificial slaughter campaign in accordance with the purpose of attorney, has been calling the charities this year's festival with the slogan "Sacrifice blessings all year long".
Kizilay President Dr. Kerem Kızıkır, "the victims are cut in accordance with the purpose of converting into concerts."
"The victims ' meat is distributed to the needs of the healthy way throughout the year," he said.
Kizilay sacrificial donation fee, 740 lira abroad in the country, 475 lira announced.
The ninth of the Red Crescent and the attorney and the sacrificial slaughter campaign held in this year continues.
World and in our country in need thanks to the hundreds of thousands of Red Crescent, left alone to campaign underdog to the purpose again repeats the truncated and canned meat.
Red Crescent General president Dr. Kerem Kızır, which introduces the media of the Eid Eid Bagis, has started a great mobilization for the abundance and joy of the Feast of sacrifice all over the world, expressing that "the sacrificial meats are transformed into a hygienic concert."
"Thanks to this method, the sacrifices will be consumed by the owners of the need in a healthy manner throughout the year," he said.
According to Islamic rules, the sending of DVDs to cuts and donors can be easily fulfilled by the "Red Crescent Model" of Kizilay in accordance with the victims ' worship, purpose and rule.
Thanks to this contemporary model, the first three days of the Feast of sacrifice are to be chosen by carefully selected kurbanklar, meat and dairy veterinarians by the Islamic procedures in the modern combinations of the institution.
In accordance with Islamic terms, religious assistants, veterinarians and notaries will be available.
The roasting to be extracted from the sacrificial skirts will be brought to the canned 800 grams of tin cans.
The roasting concertes are to be distributed throughout the year through the Red Crescent branches.
After the sacrifice period, Kizilay will send a DVD with a certificate of roasting and a box that explains the process of each and every trustee.
In 30 countries, the sacrificial slaughter of the Red Crescent does not recognize the border, the sacrificial meats will be delivered to the poor around the world this year, as in every year.
Stating that this year's victim organization will be held in about 30 countries, Dr. Kıkır said that the Balkans 7, 11 in Africa, South Asia and Caucasus 5 and 4 countries in the Middle East would be organised.
"The wages for our citizens who will give the Turkish red bear the power of attorney, 740 lira in the country, 475 pounds abroad," the killer stated, expressing that they predicted 50 percent increase in overseas activities this year.
We aimed to cut in 5 combinations belonging to meat and dairy institution in Turkey.
We carry out these segments by fulfilling the necessary Islamic conditions in Turkey and abroad, with the procedures proposed by the religious affairs.
"We can make the sacrificial skirts and carry them to the needy table for 18 months," he said.
7/24 donations from 168 call center citizens wishing to experience the peace of reaching the true needs of the sacrificial worship; The Red Crescent donation accounts in the banks, the Turkish Red Crescent branches, the Kizilay postal voucher account in PTT branches, the 168 free call center and the www.kizilay.org.tr Internet address to be able to provide attorney.
Installment holders who will be able to pay in installments via credit card may also benefit from installment offers.
Our citizens abroad who want to give their proxy to Kizilay can pay online using the donation menu via Kizilay Web page.
Moreover, phone number 0090 312 458 30 00 can call Kizilay's free consultation and donation hotline to pay the price of attorney with an international credit card.
Our citizens, the agricultural banks in Germany through the Red Crescent account number of the victim can pay the price of attorney.
The horror of the groom in Konya
The event occurred today in the village of Osmancik, formerly a resort in the district of Kadanhani.
Allegedly, a week before the divorce lawsuit, Huseyin Ayhan, who was in his father's house to speak to his wife Fatma aka went to the next.
After a while, Huseyin aka, who began to debate with the house, brought the pistol with her wife Fatma Ayhan, father-in-law Haci Ibrahim aka and Kaynısı opened fire on the Paradise aka.
Fatma Ayhan and his father, Hacı Ibrahim aka, who remained in the blood, lost his life at the scene, while his mother was injured in Paradise aka Kadıhanı State Hospital.
Gendarmerie, after the incident with the car escaped Huseyin Ayhan initiated the work to capture.
Hüseyin Ayhan, suspended in detention.
Ayhan couple's 13 and 10 years old, one girl has two children.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge accident
According to information obtained, the event occurred at the entrance of the TEM motorway Ankara in the direction of Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge at 14.00 hours.
Directed by Abdullah Şanver 34 PK 060 Plate Truck, 16 VK 077 plate hit the truck from behind.
Abdullah Saleh in the accident, the driver is trapped in the neighborhood.
Firefighters, police and health teams were dispatched to the incident on the report of the citizens who saw the accident.
The fire brigade from the event has been working hard to save Salan from where he was trapped.
During the work of firefighters, the burning of the life of the flame was seen in agony.
As a result of intensive studies, the recovered from the ground was moved to the ambulance with the stretcher, and was taken to Okmeydani training and Research Hospital.
The road to crash caused traffic intensity.
TEM traffic has also returned to normal with the removal of vehicles.
The two children he crashed with the car carried in the trunk to "do not rent a seat"
The accident occurred around the village of Narince, the day before the Kahta-Siverek highway.
The bike collided with Mustafa O. (14) with 34 KS 6809 plate cars under the direction of Mehmet K..
The collision was found on the bike, Mustafa O. With Hussein O. (13) severely injured.
The car driver took the wounded children to the emergency health station in Narince village, putting them in the trunk of the car so that the seats were not rented.
Two wounded children were dispatched from here to Kahta State Hospital with ambulances.
Hüseyin O. is struggling to live in intensive care.
He carried his kids in the trunk so he wouldn't be dirty.
Mustafa O. By understanding the accident, "we were supposed to visit with the fellas."
We got our stuff.
Karadut Village Uzeyir Prophet's visit to the transformer near the car hit us.
I broke my leg with the impact of impact.
The driver took my friend in the trunk first.
And then he took me and put me in the trunk of the car with my friend.
When I put it in the trunk, my hand stayed between the trunk door.
I yelled.
The driver who hears my voice is back on the trunk door.
So I fixed my hand.
Your tailgate closed again and took us to Narince village.
"From there, they lifted us off to Kahta State Hospital with ambulances."
The parents of the injured children complained when they found out that the driver they were not complaining about brought the kids in the trunk.
The injured child's grandfather, Mustafa O. "I was in Kahta when the accident."
I found out on the phone that my granddaughter and nephew had an accident.
I went to the Kahta State Hospital right away.
They brought my nephew first.
15 minutes later, they brought my grandson.
The commander of the Gerger outpost is here.
Mukhtar said you were complaining.
I'm going to crash everywhere.
I said I'm not complaining.
Then I went and looked at the car that hit my niece and my grandson.
There's a lot of blood in the trunk.
Then we found out that after hitting the kids, he puts both wounded in the trunk of the car and brings them to the hospital.
He puts my nephew in the trunk, putting my grandson on the bottom.
And the guys say I didn't put it in the trunk.
But the back seats of the car are clean.
He said, "This can't happen."
"The driver who hit the children, brought the wounded here," the inhabitants of Narince village.
The kids, the wounded, they pulled it out of the trunk.
He said, "not even an animal has done what to do."
The wounded's uncle Osman O. "What kind of person is the citizen who shot these children?"
It could have been an accident.
But it's brutal to take the wounded and take them to the hospital in the trunk of the car.
We're a follower of this.
One of these kids is getting a death penalty.
The other has a heavy condition.
He's bringing the wounded from Narince to Kahta in the trunk of the car.
God Versthe trouble.
No more wild stuff like that.
Our lungs are burning.
We're going to be plaintiffs and we're not going to leave.
"We want the person to be punished in the most severe manner," he said.
He built himself a island
The famous architect, Richart Sowa, spent the last 8 years of his life building a floating ecological paradise.
He lives with the old model Jodi Bowlin, who he met on Facebook two years ago, in this self-sufficiency living area that he built on using 150 thousand plastic bottles.
Richart's Island is composed of air-filled plastic bottles, wooden palletizer and sand.
Two-storey house; 2 bathrooms, a Jacuzzi, 3 showers, a kitchen and wireless internet connection.
Palm trees, mangroves, fruit trees, other plants eaten around the island, are taking place in herbs.
The island, which is connected to the shore with a 30-meter cordon, is producing electricity, water and the Internet with this cord aid.
"I'm a vegetarian and I grow a lot of edible vegetables on the island."
I have to go to the nearby little grocery store to get more food.
"There is also a release of 8 people from plastic bottles," he said.
Galaxy Note 7 has announced a stronger model than the sale!
Samsung has officially approved the Galaxy Note 7 's 6GB RAM and 128GB memory model the past day.
Samsung announced the new top-level smartphone Galaxy Note 7 earlier this month.
With ambitious features, the Galaxy Note 7 was originally expected with 6GB RAM, but was introduced as a 4GB RAM.
Exceeding expectations with the first pre-order figures, Galaxy Note 7 will also be released with the expected 6GB RAM model.
Speaking at the press event in Seoul, South Korea's capital city last day, Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-Jin officially announced that they plan to launch the Galaxy Note 7 with 6GB RAM and 128GB memory.
On the other hand, according to the Korea Herald's reports, the Galaxy Note 7 's 6GB RAM and 128GB memory model will be exclusively for China in the first place.
It is not currently planned for sale in other regions of this particular model.
New routes with the new Yamaha Tracer 700!
Enjoy a pleasant trip and unforgettable memories with the candidate Tracer 700 or short trips to the near-weekend environment, whether you take a long-lasting tour of the continent...
The new Yamaha Tracer 700, which minimises all the challenging conditions of long roads for the motorcycle driver, is a complete long road vehicle with an emotional and intuitive driving experience, while achieving excellence in design and technical...
To explore another world, to accumulate new and unforgettable memories, and to enjoy the fun in every corner, the European-wide motorcycle focuses on the interest.
This free world is aimed at the cost-effective, accessible and exciting models of the Sport Tourer series, which wants to search the gates, expand their horizons, and increase the number every passing day.
The new addictive Yamaha tracer 700 was developed from the highly successful MT-07 platform.
The model, developed by strengthening and reviving the current Sport Tourer series, also faces the intense interest of new generation motorcycle enthusiasts.
With its bold and distinctive design, the new tracer 700 brings the sport Tourer class image to the next level by introducing the design and functionality with its outstanding handling, lightness, fast and fun structure, comfortable driving pleasure, and many impressive features.
The tracer 700, which is in the middleweight Sport Tourer segment and provides a miraculous performance with its standard features, is continuing the great success of this segment.
With its sports-oriented line, long-distance performance, dynamic and engaging appearance, the new tracer 700 is launching an exciting new era in the Sport Tourer category.
The versatile tracer 700 is ready to overcome every situation with its torque-rich engine and agile chassis.
This new sporty middleweight motorcycle has many features that reveal the real touring motorcycle potential by adding special enhancements to the chassis and suspension.
With its fuel-efficient, 689cc, dual-cylinder engine, the high-capacity 17-liter fuel tank allows the tracer 700 to travel long distances between petrol stations.
The new tracer 700 compact and lightweight chassis has been developed from the great acclaimed MT-07 platform.
This minimalist design quickly gained fame thanks to its agile driving and rapid responsiveness.
Its class-leading 196 kg wet weight, ready to excite the drive every turn.
Moreover, with the addition of various original Yamaha accessories, a serious long-distance touring motorcycle is transformed.
The color alternatives that make the design more appealing are radial red, tech black, Yamaha blue...
This exciting new model, which provides the return of motorcycle enthusiasts to the market, is more connected to the road than the user.
With the new tracer 700 which will be available in Turkey as of August, take the road to the winding mountains of the Mediterranean, the Black Sea, and experience new thrills in the adventures and adrenaline-filled routes of Europe or Africa.
Hakan Sukur and his father's 200 billion-dollar assets were confiscated
Sakarya Republican Public Prosecutor's Office, the scope of the investigation of the fetus Hakan Sukur with the contracting Father Selmet in Sakarya has decided about the custody.
In the United States, Hakan Sukur and his father selmet sukur were searched at the houses in Adapazari and Istanbul.
Selmet Fortunately not found in spite of the calls.
Police, Selmet Sukur, the Salko Mosque on the Adapazarı Sakarya Street, was reported to be in the Friday prayer.
Teams to the mosque waited for Friday prayers to be performed.
After the end of the prayer, Selmet praised the cops and lifted his hands up.
The decision to capture about the Selmet Sukur Police vehicle was taken to safety Directorate.
Gökhan Sukur, the vehicle was taken by his father followed by the police department in front of the security directorate.
Sakarya Republican prosecutor's office, Hakan Sukur and his father Selmet Sukur, the financial support of the fetus has determined.
The prosecution's applicant, the detention of the criminal justice, Hakan Sukur and his father Selmet Sukur, he decided to confiscate the land transportation vehicles, the bank or other financial institutions ' accounts, any rights and receivables in the real or legal entities, the valuable documents found in the Uhdede, the partnership shares in the companies, the rental safes and other assets.
The court's decision was communicated to the Deeds Directorates, police Directorate and tax offices during the day.
Hakan Sukur and his father, Selmet Sukur, were the first in the research, they determined they were non-wealthy.
Hakan Sukur and his father Sakarya, Antalya, Bodrum, Istanbul Bakirkoy, Besiktas, Büyükçekmece Apartments, Adapazari and Sapanca Building, Kandırı Arsaşı.
Selmet Sukur has made luxury villas on 10 acres of land in the Serdivan district of Sakarya.
Hakan Sukur's, Adapazarı City Center, the Ministry of Finance Tax Audit Board Sakarya Group presidency of the tax inspectors affiliated with a class closed by the investigation of the fatwa was determined.
Hakan and his father Selmet Sukur, the value of all assets is around 200 million lira is expressed.
Fugitive police Commissioner Zaho caught in
Batman Provincial Police Department, 3. Class Police Commissioner Ahmet Duran, the investigation into the scope of the coup of the fetus was revealed.
The decision to capture about the end of the breakout has been determined.
In the study conducted by the provincial Police department, the end of Iraq was determined to flee to the Zaho city.
As soon as the two governments were caught with a joint operation conducted by the security forces.
As soon as he was brought to Turkey, he was detained in Batman.
As soon as the procedure was shipped to the courthouse.
The security forces of the end of the terrorist organization PKK camps to join the north of Iraq is suspected of fleeing.
Beware of this habit of children
Faculty of Dentistry Prof. Dr. Bilgin Giray said that the children are relieved by this reflex by making it a necessity to suck because they cannot do the chewing process at the first Age.
Prof. Dr. Giray, who outlines the causes of the habit of finger sucking in children, "the finger sucking is an event seen from birth to 3-4 years old."
Most babies suck their thumbs.
To satisfy the need for suction in infancy, the child sucking his finger after the age of 1-1.5, mother's breast absorbs his finger to relieve his longing and relax.
He said, "when he's bored, he's tired, he's sleepy, he's nervous, and he's got a finger-sucking attitude when he leaves the mother."
The inability of a mother-child relationship in the theme of the finger sucking behaviour seen in the elderly, and the child's lack of confidence is not sufficiently advanced, Prof. Dr. Bilgin Giray explained to the effects of this behavior with the following words:
Finger absorption behaviour is a negative effect on the shaping of the child's dental structure.
As a result of the pressures occurring in the suction, the top teeth are pushed forward, while the bottom teeth are pushed backwards.
This leads to the position behind the lower jaw, and disrupts the balance of the palate and tooth structure.
The physiological reflection of this is that speech disorder and closure appear to be bad for aesthetic angles.
At the age of 6-7, a much more complex treatment process could be experienced when the permanent teeth were not found as early as the solution, Prof. Dr. Giray said, "We are unable to protect our children from closure and joint problems without the completion of jaw development."
"Therefore, the mouth structure of children, such as eye and hearing controls, should be kept under control," he concluded.
New pale: Trifocal lenses for close vision treatment
Patients who do not want to use glasses naturally after cataract treatment.
Many focused lenses have been used since long years to solve this problem in our patients.
It has taken a step further to the success of the treatment in this area with trifocal lenses, which were introduced in recent periods.
The difference of trifocal lenses from other lenses is the ability to provide clear visibility in distances defined as distance, not just distance or close distances.
Treatment of distant, close or intermediate distance vision disorders
The intermediate distance in vision disorders represents a point that we use very often in our daily lives.
As an example, the instrument panel of cars is the distance between the portable computers we hold in our lap or the length of the 60-70 cm arm size.
By correcting the intermediate distances of trifocal lenses, our patients do not notice the need to use glasses in any way that is close or distant.
Another advantage of Trifocal Merceks is the reduction of night complaints.
Ophthalmology specialist Prof. Dr. Volkan Hürmeriç "There is no difference in the normal cataract treatment of trifocal lens treatment applied for every distance feedback."
Our patients with trifocal therapy have a 7 to 10-minute procedure to easily regain eye health.
And the next day, our patients can return to their normal lives.
It is an operation that increases the quality of life for people who use cars, who are more than computers, who love to read and who live a more active life.
You can also apply to an ophthalmologist to find out if this procedure is suitable for you, which can be applied to every patient who is 18 years old.
Varicose veins are not used in heart surgery!
Varicose veins are a disease that has increased frequency in recent years.
Genetic convergence is a priority factor; long working hours, long-standing compulsory jobs, and long-term sitting varicose veins cause complaints to increase.
Are the veins used in cardiac surgeries?
I have a name, what if I have a heart attack in the future? Questions are often wondered by people as well.
Here are answers to these questions.
There are two types of toplarvascular system in the leg:
1. There is a deep toparvein system that leads to the lungs and the main road that collects the dirty blood of the leg.
They take the name of the deep femoral vein and superficial femoral vein.
The problems in these veins are more rare, the arteries cannot be closed in the disease and medication is applied to keep these veins open.
There is a superficial toplarvascular system that leads to the lungs and the side road that unites the dirty blood with the deep Toparvein system in the groin.
This system consists of two large and two small sair veins, which we have said.
In all four of these veins, failure and varicose veins may develop.
The veins available in heart surgeries are superficial toparveins called the Great Sapen vein.
The absence of these veins has no damage to the body and is therefore available in heart surgeries.
However, in order for these veins to be used in heart surgery, the veins must be healthy.
Because the heart is a very important organ.
Operation of varicose veins by surgery or by leaving in place of laser, the process of burning the deep artillery reduces the workload and ensures that the leg is healthier.
A false belief in the public can be used as a substitute for varicose veins.
Varicose veins are never and never used in heart surgeries!
There are other vessels available in heart surgeries.
Spare vessel systems available in heart surgery; under the chest cage, there are around the stomach and in the arm.
Therefore, it is unfortunate to wait for the varicose vein to use for the heart and worry about it.
Radiology specialist Dr. Rengin Türkgüler
A meaningful message before the Super Cup from Uzbek
Galatasaray Sports Club chairman Dursun Uzbek, Galatasaray and Besiktas to be played between the Super Cup final issued a statement before.
Dursun Uzbek's Turkish Football Union and draw attention to those words:
Galatasaray, which is the two-rooted and two-favorite clubs of Turkish sports, will face the Super Cup at the Konya Metropolitan Torku Arena on Saturday, August 13th.
This game is not the first, nor the last game in the competition that left behind a century of two beautiful clubs.
But as a timing, it's a vital encounter.
As we all know, our country survived a big badire on the night of July 15th.
The coup initiative of the fatwa terrorist organization/Parallel state structuring (Feö/Pdy), which meant our democracy, was overcome by the unity and togetherness of all the segments of society.
That night, as a nation, we paid heavy fees.
We gave the martyrs.
We have many veterans.
This bitter price reminded us once again the virtue of democracy and the necessity and importance of the peace in this land, not the prevailing.
That night, the representatives of the Turkish sport also opposed the coup as one heart; he took part in the democracy.
In these critical days, we need the unification of sport more than ever.
I wish this match to be the starting match of the love and peace environment in Turkish sports, which coincides with the precious president of our esteemed opponent, Suleyman Seba's 2nd anniversary of the anniversary and the legendary captain of the club Turgay Sheren, just before the new football season.
Galatasaray and Besiktas fans will share in half the game to be played in front of the tribunes in the end, regardless of the score, I wish to be the winner of our country and Turkish sport.
Derbide 339. Appointment-Sports News
Spor Toto Super League and Agriculture Turkey Cup championship together with the meeting of the Turkcell Super Cup Besiktas Galatasaray, tomorrow at 20.45 will compete to be the biggest of this season in Konya.
Besiktas with Galatasaray 92 years of perpetual rivalry and eternal friendship has faced up to so far 338 times.
In these matches 120 times yellow-reds prevailed, black-and-whites defeated the opponent 107 times.
In 111, opponents were unable to dominate each other.
Galatasaray's 477 goal in these matches Besiktas 444 goals responded.
On July 30, 2006, the first of the Super Cup adventure started at the Commerzbank Arena, Besiktas and Galatasaray began.
In this match, black-and-whites took the record of Mert Nobre's 60-minute goal to the trophy museum.
The trophy was not played in the year 2011 for 10 years of Super Cup.
The remaining 9 years played the most final 6 times with Galatasaray.
In these games, yellow-reds, 4 times, the Super Cup was the success of taking the museum.
Besiktas 3 times the final played 1 time took the trophy.
"Flower" crisis in kartal-sports News
Coach Senol Güneş, one of the auxiliary coaches, was learned that honor Cicek did not come to the practice yesterday.
The event, which was transferred to the administration, was reported that the flower did not like the salary of the pay and therefore did not participate in the practice.
It was expressed that the administration awaited the behavior of Senol Güneş to intervene in the event.
Mario Gomez's dreams are ruined!
Fiorentina sports director Pataleo Corvino, striker players Mario Gomez and Khouma Babacar were found in the explanations.
Corvino, "We will not send Gomez and Babacar without Bonservis."
We'll work to earn revenue.
We aim at least 15 million euros from the sale of two player.
"But it won't be easy," he said.
Rihanna in the popular film's roster
From Hollywood's most important film series, Ocean's will be in the audience with popular names.
In the new ring of the series, the world-renowned Barbadian oslu singer Rihanna, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling and Helena Bohnam Carter, and the names of the upcoming days will be announced, Sandra Bullock and Kate Blanchett, the film was finalized.
Filming starts in 2 months
Filming of the film is scheduled to begin in New York in October, with the team of Ocean's Eleven's unchangeable female actors.
The film produced by Steven Sodenbergh, who we also know from the previous films of the series, will be seated in the director's chair by Gary Ross, who wrote the screenplay with Olivia Milch.
Scot Callum Skinner is flying home when Britain is in the gold.
The trio of the Great Britain team was in the 2012 title of London, while Scottish Callum Skinner raced to victory last night in the men's race at the Rio Racetrack.
GLASGOWLU, a 23-year-old racer, took on the vanguard of the Scottish Sir Chris Hoy's pioneering mission and made this legend proud when he returned to his home with his youthful, acclaimed New Zealand outfit.
The event, which was four years before Hoy took five of the six Olympic gold, Britain had a shocking victory.
And even though Hoy was retired, he was finished in sixth place in London for the race World Championship in March, repeating it.
The problem between Beijing and London was that the expert starter actress Jamie Staff was replaced.
They did that right when Hines showed up.
Hoy's retirement also created a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
He has already seen the potential that Scot has done and has not given up the British coaches Skinner.
In the first round, New Zealand has re-established this record, although Hoy, the champion with Hoy, has broken the Olympic record in the ranking tour of Kenny and Skinner four years ago.
And the British trio came to the duel for gold.
Even though Hindes was a little behind on his own tour, Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner endured it.
Using a bigger tool to slow down the hindes, it was a strategy change that was a big part of the transformation that made Kenny and especially Skinner keep pace.
Hoy watched them as the BBC's expert commentator, and when they got on the podium, Skinner, Kenny and Hindes were in the eye.
GLASGOWLU, 23-year-old Skinner said: "This is an honorary comparison."
I'm just here to make the best of my hand and announce my name.
We broke the Olympic record in the finals and defeated the World championships.
That was really unbelievable.
There's no better way to win this.
After winning a victory with Kenny and Hoy in London 2012, Hindes admitted that he deliberately fell off the track after a bad start.
He then reacted to this interpretation and there was no way to make demands from Britain's competitors.
This time, there was no such problem for an incredible victory.
Hindes said: "With all the great British flags on the stand, we were like London."
We're just a team built three months ago.
We've lost a lot of world races, so it's a really incredible feeling to win the Olympics again.
This is just an event, a medal for a nation that won seven out of 10 races in both Beijing and London.
If this is the extent of the progress we've shown in the last five months, we are waiting five more days to successfully pass the racetrack.
Kenny's attitude to me shows that Hoy's repetition of three gold-winning records in one Olympiad is not quite impossible.
This will mean that Kenny has reached six gold medals and a silver medal at the same time, a sacred history of the British sport, which is precisely 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister.
That's the same level as Hoy.
Kenny's going to be in the sprint race after this; the race starts today and lasts for three days.
The 28-year-old boltoned said: "For now, I'm just enjoying this.
Team events are always the best events.
You can win with your buddies.
To be honest, when you win alone, Man feels lonely.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be knighted."
Although this is only the event of today's medal, there are many good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull completed the ranking in the four-man, four-kilometer team race.
Track 3: They completed the 51.943.
London 2012 won the gold medal world record 3:51.659.
The first round and the final (22:42) will be determined in the second chapter of today, and Wiggins ' attention will be all over it.
Yesterday, before the ranking tour, authorities had a disagreement with the attendants when he called himself to measure his height.
The women's event, which will continue tomorrow and be completed, has reached the world record with Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shend, Elinor Barker and Milngavie, Katie Archibald 4:13.260.
The Great Britain team relies on the powerful cycling team to address the reins in the mid-term of the Olympic Games and win many medals.
After the great superiority in Beijing and London, expectations were greatly reduced in Rio.
In the background, there have been many bad developments involving coach Shane Sutton's resignation in April due to sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirement of important names such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
But the first night after the racetrack races shows that Great Britain's epic reputation for finishing the perfect time can be proved again.
With the cancellation of the energy contract, the future of Portland Abame is suspected
The future of the Portland Aluminium Abere quarry in Victoria and the work of hundreds of workers, the power company providing the energy to the facility will lead to the cancellation of all the procurement contracts of the owners of the facility, the disclosure of a procurement contract after the termination of one of the owner fell into limbo.
This move emerged after the decision of the Victorian government to not exceed the subsidies in order for the facility to continue to work earlier this year.
The 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
At the Portland facility in Alcoa, business may be at risk by 2000.
Any shutdown can cause up to 2,000 jobs to be directly or indirectly compromised.
And because the Izabe quarry consumes about 10 percent of all of the electricity of Victoria, additional chain effects may also occur.
In 2014, Alcoa Point closed Henry Abize's quarry, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's Portland Izze facility is losing money and facing a risk of closure.
These developments have emerged after a few years of speculation for the future of the facility, initially based on the strengthening of Australian dollars and the property's consumption fee.
The AGL, which provides energy from the Loy Yang a power plant in the Latrobe Valley of the large aluminium Abere quarry, has expressed the waiting for the other three owners to take action to terminate their contracts.
The vast majority of the facility belongs to Alcoa and Alumina's joint venture, and China's Citic, Japan's Marume Corp companies have smaller shares.
"AGL expects Portland to continue working, which means that the physical electricity demand of the office will continue," he said.
AGL stated that the contracts are "risk balancing agreements" that should take effect from November 2016.
The contracts will be completed in 2017, since there is a 12-month period of termination.
"Therefore, AGL will continue to wait for the contracts to contribute to the 2017 fiscal year," the energy company said.
The effects of AGL to be exposed to potential earnings in the fiscal year of 2018 and later are limited by adopting a strong term contractual stance for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL stated that the value of the contracts in their calculations due to the "termination of Feshin" is already 187 million dollars.
Alcoa stated that the decision on termination of the contracts "did not affect the ability of Alcoa to supply electricity supply to the business or to the Izabae octa".
The US company signed a 20-year contract in 2010; This agreement was supposed to take effect in November this year, but has not yet explained why it is not in this agreement.
Analysts are wary of the possibility of closure due to economic woes in the industry, both at Victoria's Portland Abize Quarry and the Tomago near Newcastle.
In response to analysts at the beginning of this week, AGL's operations chief Stephen Mikkels said that Portland uses about 600 megawatts each year, and Tomago's 900 megawatts of energy.
In the event that both of these facilities are withdrawn from the market, the demand in the [electricity] market will be significantly reduced.
And as a manufacturer, this will not be a good development for us, "he said.
Not just the star of the Kardashian TV program; Kendall, on the cover of Vogue's September number
Kendall Jenner (20), the fourth daughter of model and executive mother Kris's Kardashian-Jenner group, is on the cover of the four-eye awaited September of Vogue.
Kendall, an Estee Lauder brand envoy and showing in Milan, Paris and New York fashion weeks, announced this news on Thursday from the Instagram account.
Kendall wrote, "I cried when I looked at this door in a room full of people I loved."
After the announcement of the cover, the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (Rob and Caitlyn, who had trouble at the bar, and uncle from everyone's favorite show world, keeping up producer Ryan Seacrest) is a strange (or just keeping up with the Dasians program specific), published a realite video of the scenario; the family who forgot the cover of their sisters in the video later made a classic finish: they were actually preparing a surprise party.
Although this is the cliché story line of every "birthday" part of almost all children's television programmes (Seacrest says that with the intimacy of a cartoon bunny at 8:00 a.m., did you think we'd forgotten you?) Kris, the other girls should have included this introduction.
With this development in the September issue of Vogue, we are definitely entering a new Kardashian period.
Kendall's sister Kim may have passed her on the cover of Vogue (the cover was shared with his wife Kanye West in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine was a success in itself.
The September issue of Vogue was the best-selling number of the year.
With the thickness of a fashion magazine more reminiscent of the coffee table book, this number attracted the attention of many advertisers (fashionista found that last year's 832 pages had ad content in 615).
The unveiling of the cover star is also a closely monitored process; the pictures of the magazine for the past two years have been leaked prior to the official announcement.
Among the women previously included in the cover are Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the cover is featured in "Celebrities who model" many "models" from famous models.
Oscar-winning Dior Ambassador Jennifer Lawrence took part in the cover in 2013, and the next year, this honour was granted to Lady Gaga.
However, it may be said that the environment is quite good, even if Ms. Jenner, which is described as the "shining Model" by the magazine, is taken in the previous category.
These celebrities are not the youngsters of today who know the relative of famous people or the reality show stars or good Snapchat video (though Jenner is all of them).
All of these are legitimate, women who stand out in the entertainment sector.
On the cover of last year, Beyonce spent one of the best times of his career with the emergence of lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is happy with Jenner's success.
Due to reality show history, Jenner's position in fashion world will always be disturbing.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model, Stephanie Seymour, Jenner and his colleague, Gigi Hadid, criticized them as "the Tramp of Time".
When the news came out that Jenner was going to cover Vogue, that thought surfaced again.
But it seems to be no place to focus on dissatisfaction.
Kendall Jenner, on the cover of Vogue's September number.
He's a supermodel, literally.
He's going out to Marc Jacobs ' fashion.
He's giving you the Estee Lauder Fund.
He sells his own pictures in the walled applications that pay for you with their sisters.
He's selling pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to Love magazine.
And in his spare time, maybe he's just on television to see his brother Kourtney and his kids on the reality show.
Social legal support centres turn down 160,000 people every year
While the sector is preparing for the effect that more funding cuts will create in the currently-enforced operations, over 160,000 people from the nation's most vulnerable slaughter are being rejected from the social legal support centres.
In Queensland, three out of five (mostly the elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the resources to fight unfair evacuation decisions) are being returned to free legal advice and representation.
Social legal support services, which have consumed their possibilities, are preparing more interruptions.
Starting in June of next year, these legal support centres are scheduled to be deprived of more than 30 per cent of federal funding.
James Farrell, director of the social Legal support centres, Queensland, reported that thousands of other persons are being returned every year in the final census report of the National Association of Public Legal Support centres.
Mr. Farrell testified that if the federal government decision was not taken back, the situation would be much worse.
"Queensland's social legal support centres are in a chronic way financially inadequate support, which means that thousands of persons are unable to reach the vital services it needs," he said.
People who are involved in violent relationships, struggling with power and low-breaking powers, families in the separation process and workers who have been dismissed in unfair ways... all of these are faced with problems with legal dimensions and cannot reach the help they need according to this report.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent since June 2017, which means that thousands of Queensland residents in the unprotected state have to deal with more complicated legal problems without getting help.
We call on the justice minister and the Queensland Senator George Branddis to withdraw these funding deductions immediately, so that people can get the support they need when they face a legal problem.
Last year, the Government had fulfilled its promise to bring legal support financing to the national average level.
Now, we should look at the investments that the Palaszczuk Government will make to this important work with social legal support centres and communities that they serve.
Donald Trump's campaign team was sued after the personnel claimed to be armed
NEW York: Donald Trump's campaign team has been sued for the charge of the North Carolina operations director in February, after being told that he was pulling a gun on a staff with a Jeep and no action was found.
The case was announced on Wednesday in the case of the state court by the former software trainer Vincent Bordini on the state campaign team.
Bordini expressed that he expects to be cared for for months inside, but then realizes that "it won't happen".
As Bordini's complaint in, the director, Earl Philip, "pulled a gun, put the right index finger in the trigger, and held the barrel toward Vincent's kneecap."
According to the complaint, the local and regional campaign team of Bordini has been complaining that at least four of the other Members have had the same experience with Phillip.
He said, "The weapons don't need to be fired to damage the in."
The case opened two days after the Republican presidential candidate was able to take action in the North Carolina crowd, saying that "the second amendment to the people of constitutional change" (apparently the arms owners and arms supporters) would be the choice of his opponent, Hillary Clinton, and his own judges.
Trump's campaign team has expressed that the media is evaluating these words outside the context and does not support violence.
Bordini is asking Phillip for compensation due to his complaint, the campaign team, and the attack, the assault, and the moral damage due to oversight.
Trump's spokesman, Hope Hicks, did not quickly return to the message asking him to comment.
The effort to reach Phillip is inconclusive.
WCCB, a local news subsidiary in Charlotte, reported that Phillip recently left the campaign.
A quick comeback was made to the consulting company innovative Consulting services.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is conducting a campaign that creates a conflict.
Bordini, Donald J. Trump for President Inc., 16-CS-14300 case, General Justice Court, Supreme Court branch, Mecklenburg accident (Charlotte).
"Report the Fetus" line
President Erdogan's "no intelligence can not know anyone, safety may not know, report" Call for the fetuses, and then the MIT and police established a hotline.
Launching new applications for the detection of "secret congregations", which hides thousands of fetuses from the institutions after the July 15th coup initiative.
Under the scope of studies, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan emphasized the importance of the citizens in the struggle with the fetus "your friends from that community may be your friend, I say disclose them."
You need to report to the prosecution.
It's a patriotic debt.
"Not everyone can know intelligence, safety or not, see, the men are running away."
The Ministry of Internal Affairs, police headquarters and the National Intelligence Organization (MIT) launched an online notice application under the scope of studies.
According to this, the citizens who serve the fetus, the Organization's activities, the organisation belonging to the organization of this application can transmit to safety and MIT.
Www.egm.gov.tr/sayfalar/ihbar, Www.mit.gov.tr/katkiniz the information that will be made available to the service via the links to the form of persons to be kept.
In the notification application offered by the General Directorate of Police, who can also add a document.
Again in the same application if the request of the Ihbarche will be returned.
Citizens, the "155 police help" line can be found on the phone as well as the state prosecutor's Office in the provinces and districts of the Republic can also do this information.
Inspired by Bodrum, ' sample Village ' in Sivas
"Sample Village" was held with the cooperation of Cankoy, Kaymakamlik and philanthropist businessman affiliated to Gölova region of Sivas.
Roads paved and paved with paving stones in the village, all the houses were painted in blue and white colors by sampling the Bodrum district of Mugla.
Gölova Kaymakamligi has prepared a sample village project to improve the image and quality of life of villages connected to the district.
In this context, as a sample village, 66 digit Cankoy was selected 12 kilometers away from the county center.
Infrastructure and superstructure services increased the roads of the village were paved and sidewalks were covered with paving stones.
The village houses with different color tones were painted with the support of the businessman Selahattin Ayan, the owner of the Pelit Pastaneleri.
The entire village was painted with white and blue colors.
Basement Sample Received
Working with information about Gölova Kaymakami Erkan Jesus Erat, the other villages to create a role model for the work of the project to establish the signature of the following said: "The appearance of the village more modern, all the houses to be one color was part of our project."
We were looking for a place to get an example of getting this project.
When we went to Bodrum, we were distracted by the white painted and blue windows of the houses.
We also wanted to take a sample of Bodrum because of the positive effect of white cleaning and human beings.
By doing our work, we painted all the houses in Cankoy in white and blue.
This work was with state and charitable cooperation.
The project cost about 200 thousand lira.
Our Canköy in Sivas with the work was like a small basement.
We want to continue this kind of work with our budget and the support of our businessmen again.
Cankoy Muhtarı 66-year-old Abdullah Maca said that the village has a brand new image with the support of the district.
He thanked everyone who contributed, as the example of the village was very pleased with themselves and the Village people.
Drug operation in Kangal
7 people were detained in the drug operation organized by gendarmerie teams in Kangal district of Sivas.
Gendarmerie teams working in the district of Çetinkaya town with the help of narcotics detector dogs, 600 grams of cannabis, 49 drug pills, 1 shotgun and 1 dry tight pistol.
7 people were detained for seized materials, while judicial proceedings were initiated.
4 person's goods were confiscated with Gülen in Adana Fedö/Pdy case
Fethullah Gülen, who was convicted in the 2nd Heavy Criminal Tribunal and the fugitive in Adana to claim that the conquering terrorist organization/parallel state structuring (fatwa/Pdy) made a profit by making the reconstruction corruption, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu's assets were decided to be confiscated.
Adana Police Department, a warning made on May 15, 2015, the deputy mayor of the Metropolitan Municipality in 2012, and the management of the land of the law of the city known for its proximity to the Gulen community by making the zoning corruption and plan fraud and the Parliament's decision to be translated into residential area, the congregation was claimed to have received a amount of annuity reaching 150 million lira.
On notice as a result of the investigation launched by the Mind Abides, Fahimi, Vakil, former Chairman of the Mercantile Exchange Long and Adana candy candy Romero were arrested.
Fethullah Gülen and former mayor of Adana Metropolitan Municipality, the head of the deputy mind of the 5 prisoners of the 17 accused of the prison sentences between 5-35 years of imprisonment of the 2nd Heavy Criminal tribunal was sued.
When all defendants do not accept the charges, all arrests in the final subpoena of the case were evacuated with the judicial control and foreign law.
Confiscated assets
Court delegation, the number one defendant, Fethullah Gülen, who escaped with the fugitive Ömer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, decided to capture the arrest.
However, it was decided to make court fugitives for 4 defendants who were not caught and who did not come to trial.
On top of this, the court delegation, in order to ensure that the case of the rights to remain inconclusive in the foreign country and therefore unable to reach the fugitive, Fethullah Gulen, Ömer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu's Penal Procedure Code (CMK), 278/1 article, decided to confiscate all assets.
With this decision of the Tribunal, the Fugitives, land-sea and air transportation vehicles, all kinds of rights and receivables, precious documents, partner company shares, rental safes and bank accounts were frozen in Turkey belonging to the fugitive defendants.
Türbanla captured MLKP member Arslan arrested
In Aksaray, the back door of the restaurant where the food was eaten by police teams were caught, the terrorist organization MLKP member Serpil Arslan, the court was arrested after the interrogation of Adana.
Unrecognized hijab wearing a slogan to the courthouse, Arslan went.
The teams affiliated with the anti-terrorism and intelligence branch offices of the Adana Police Department determined that Serpil Arslan, who had a decision to capture three separate about the terrorist organization's membership, has gone to Aksaray.
Adana Police, who contacted Aksaray Police Department, instructed to capture Serpil Arslan.
The Aksaray police, who acted on the instruction, determined that the headscarf wearing a turban to be unrecognizable was eaten in a restaurant.
When the teams went into the diner, the police discovered that the Arslan came to the back door and wanted to flee.
Serpil Arslan, who came out of the back door, was arrested in the TEM branch of Aksaray Police Department.
After the interrogation of Adana Police Department, Serpil Arslan was dispatched to the courthouse.
The Department of Forensic Medicine for health control, Serpil Arslan, wanted to throw slogans.
The woman who closed the mouth of Arslan tried to stop the police shouting slogans.
The court-issued Arslan was arrested and sent to prison.
12 of the judges and prosecutors in Antalya 24 people in custody
Within the scope of the Feö/Pdy investigation in Antalya, 24 people were detained, including 12 judges and prosecutors.
Antalya Police Department, smuggling and Organised Crime branch teams, the judges detained 15 judges and Savcidan 12 took custody decision.
The other 3 judges and prosecutors are in progress for the arrest.
Among those detained, Akseki Republican prosecutor Hasan Sahin Sarioglu also takes part.
In the scope of the investigation, the decision to capture about 12 of 24 persons were detained in Kumluca County.
The detained suspects were businessmen and teachers who worked in the closed schools of the fatwa were announced.
continues to work to capture 12 other persons under investigation.
Gulen's nephew arrested in Erzurum
Conquered by the police in Erzurum, the conquering terrorist organization (Feö), the nephew of the ringleader Fetullah Gulen Abdullah Korucuk was arrested.
Police Directorate of Anti-Terrorism branch office teams in the operation organized by the investigation of the coup attempt to take custody of Fethullah Gulen's nephew Abdullah Korucuk after the completion of the statement was dispatched to the courthouse last night.
Abdullah Korucuk, the son of Fethullah Gulen's sister and the owner of a special foreign language school, was dispatched to the magistrate's office with a request for arrest after the prosecution's interrogation.
The court, Abdullah Korucuk, ' member of the terrorist organization of the fatwa ' accused of arresting the prison sent.
1 Police martyr, 2 PKK killed
Conflict in Nus: 1 Police martyr, 2 PKK killed
1 police officer was killed in a fire opened by PKK terrorists in the police vehicle that was patrolling the nusdistrict of Mardin.
2 PKK deaths were seized in the ensuing clash.
The police vehicle patrol near the Barracks mosque on 27 May street in the district of Selahattin Eyyübi neighborhood was fired by PKK terrorists at 0700 hours today.
1 Police officer in the vehicle was killed in the attack.
Police teams who were dispatched to the event prevented PKK terrorists from escaping by surrounding the environment.
In the ensuing shootout, two terrorist weapons were seized dead.
Operation of security forces continues in the region.
A policeman martyred in NUS
1 police officer was martyred in the fire opened by the PKK in the police vehicle that was patrolling the nusdistrict of Mardin.
2 PKK killed in the shootout.
The police vehicle patrol near the Barracks mosque on 27 May Street of the non-banned Selahedini Eyyübi district of Mardin Nuswas attacked by the PKK in the order of 07.00 a.m. in the morning.
The PKK, which ambushed the street, held the police patrol vehicle as it passed to the barrage.
A number of police officers were martyred in the first fire in the vehicle, while several special operations officers were dispatched to the event.
In a shootout between the barracks mosque and the surrounding security forces and the PKK, 2 PKK weapons were seized as dead.
Operation continues in the region.
Fair Orphan's father-in-law was released with judicial control
"Air Force Imam of the terror organization of the fetus" Adil Okhan, the Doctor who sits in the Akyazı district of Sakarya, his wife Hatice Yildirim, with the condition of the judicial control, was released.
After the coup initiative, the assistant who was captured at Akinci airbase. Dr. Adil Orphan was dispatched to the courthouse, while the search continues to work.
Just before the loss of the orphans, the last of Sakarya in Akyazı District, where he suffered from his father-in-law Cevat Yildirim was found.
Fair Orphan's "34 secret 49" plate car was found in the garage of his father-in-law's house.
Under the investigation Cevat Yildirim and his wife Hatice Yildirim were detained yesterday.
Cevat Yildirim and his wife Hatice Yildirim were shipped to the courthouse.
During the night, when the court concluded, Cevat Yildirim, his wife Hatice Yildirim, was released with the condition of judicial control.
Audit discussed asset Fund re-Commission
The Turkish asset fund, which is expected to be among the world's largest funds, has been removed from the law on the objections of the silent sedeless bag.
The fund was decided to be re-negotiated due to lack of control mechanisms, but no changes were made to the Commission again.
The AKP brought the Turkish Asset Fund law proposal to URsozcu.com.tr, which evaluates the CHP deputy and member of the Plan and Budget Commission utku Cakirözer, "We are strongly opposed to being excluded from the constitutional supervision mechanisms of this structure, which will consist of the unemployment fund collected for the unemployed, from the public assets, the veteran, the employees ' retirement deductions."
In order to provide the Government with long-term funding for investments and projects, the Turkish Asset Fund law proposal was removed from the bag on Tuesday with the opinion that the opposition should also be discussed.
However, the AKP today brought the proposal to the plan and the Budget Commission again.
Turkish Parliament plan and Budget Commission member of the CHP Eskişehir deputy Utku Cakirözer, the Entity Fund law proposal concerning the CHP's concerns and concerns told URSOZCU.COM.TR.
"The establishment of this fund in the Plan and Budget Commission in the bag Bill arrives, the former finance minister Zekeriya Temizel, who was at the beginning of the CHP delegation, expressed our concerns and concerns, and suggested that the bag be removed from the law and also offered to be discussed in detail."
The government, which accepted our vision, had also pulled the bill back.
The bill came back to the Commission yesterday.
"The government insists on removing it from Parliament within a week," he said.
Stating that there should be a compromise on the emergence of the Entity Fund law, Cakirözer said, "Our biggest concern in this law proposal is the rule of conduct."
"The obligations of the public belonging to the workers, the workers, the obligations to be taken from the employees, the income of the Unemployment fund collected for the unemployed, the revenues to be obtained from the privatisation, the parliamentary and the control of the Council, and no responsibility to a structure that is not found," he said.
This kind of fund was established in Russia, China and the Gulf countries, oil revenues and trade surplus, and the fund was financed in this way, Cakirözer, "but we have a savings deficit."
That's why the fund will consist of public resources, the people's money.
A total of 100 billion in the unemployment fund is planned to transfer 50 billion dollars from privatisation to 100 billion from the Individual retirement fund, which has been made difficult for employees.
"So this fund, which will be made entirely of public money, must be in public control and not be liable to be irresponsible," he said.
Cakirözer stressed that the state's resources are unacceptable and that a fund belonging to the government's assets in debt is not acceptable to the exclusion of parliamentary supervision, stressing the concerns and concerns about the proposal for the Asset Fund law:
The collection, expense, and operation of a public entity such as such a large debt cannot be transitioned to the control of independent auditing companies.
There must be public control and a transparent structure.
In the law proposal, the Asset Fund has no provisions in the control and transparency of constitutional institutions.
No limitations have been brought on how much resources to transfer.
No one will be able to ask about the account of how this fund is used.
The aim of the Fund is citing financing of large projects.
There's no need to establish a non-regulated fund for this.
Why don't you put it in the budget?
The question is, "Why is it escaping from the census and parliamentary supervision?"
The asset fund does not oppose the transfer of the accumulated money to the investments, but it is opposed to the fact that it is being done with non-transparent, unaccountable mechanisms, Cakirözer continued: "It can be argued that such a fund is needed."
But if the government insisted on it, then we have to ensure that the current international standards in other countries where such investment funds are established are also valid in Turkey.
Must be configured in a way that the control and accountability mechanism is brought.
It must be established in a way that will not be questionable, and that the citizen's own money account is used to account for the end of the penny.
"We are pleased that the AKP is listening to our critics in Parliament, especially after the July 15th coup initiative," said Cakirözer, underlining that they are absolutely opposed to the Commission on the Entity Fund law proposal.
In this law proposal, we hope that the AKP should heed our constructive criticism.
We are opposed to the use of the national assets in a lawless way, to overthrow, to be irresponsible and public control.
"The desired asset fund can only be beneficial if these concerns are resolved," he said.
The incoming law proposal was conducted to achieve reconciliation between the AKP and the opposition.
"Our trust in Turkey is an indication of our investments"
Speaking at a meeting in Istanbul, Ford Automotive board chairman Ali KOC said, "Our investment in the last 5 years is 30 billion TL, the confidence that we hear the future of our country."
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Koc Holding and the chairman of the Ford Automotive Board of Directors Ali Koç met with a large number of foreign-funded firms, the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO), held by the "confidence in Turkey, producing in Turkey" meeting.
"We are not only voicing our faith and trust in our country with our partners, but we are filling it with our investments and our action," Ali Koc said at the meeting.
The 30 billion investment we have made in the last 5 years is indicative of the confidence we have heard of our country's future.
To attract more foreign investments in Turkey, the indispensable considerations are a reliable and fair legal system, a democracy in international standards, a qualified workforce and an ecosystem promoting R &amp; D, innovation, entrepreneurship and added value.
In the last few years, our government has presented the most comprehensive incentives of our republic history to our industrialists.
"I believe that we will be able to initiate a new" investment move "that we need with these incentives and holistic strategies.
President and CEO of Siemens Industry and Commerce Turkey Hüseyin Gelin, "We now know that no event is just a problem of a single country, but as global players."
We came to Turkey with a long-term look.
Our problems in unity and togetherness are always solved.
We have been able to bring the land that was not in Turkey 160 years ago.
We will continue to be in these areas in Turkey.
"Of course we will build factories but our horizons must be open in this area," he said.
Stating that Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for themselves, Shell Turkey country president Ahmet Erdem, "Turkey is one of the top 10 country for Shell."
We believe in the heart of Turkey's potential and future.
We have invested in many areas, especially energy, and continue to do so.
We thank our President, the Prime Minister and our ministers for their efforts to support international investors.
For international investors, trust studies are conducted.
"This is the direction to increase the competitiveness of our country," he said.
Sandoz/Novartis Turkey and the head of the Middle East region Dr. Altan Demirdere, "on August 10, our global CEO will come to Turkey."
But the trip was postponed.
That's what we're up against.
Because the CEO's arrival was very important.
They were a bulletproof car, a bodyguard.
Then when he came here, he saw everything was normal.
He left the guards and the car and returned to his homeland happily.
Investing in a country is like a marriage.
First of all, if everything goes well, you get engaged and you marry by making a long-term plan.
We are married to Turkey and we have no intention of getting divorced.
The threshold of the cliff is restored!
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, the Istanbul Chamber of Industry by the Swiss hotel held in the "confidence in Turkey, the people in Turkey" consultation meeting with teleconferencing the businessmen, joined the people.
Turkey's industry sector, which will provide the comparative superiority of the sector, stated that Prime Minister Yildirim, "industrial sector in the process of transition to the industry 4.0, we must not miss."
"If we care about the high value added, the locomotive of our country and to capture 2023 objectives, we need to think and accomplish this, together with the Industrial Revolution, the ICT and the technology revolution," he said.
On the night of July 15th, Turkey's return from the threshold of a large cliff, Prime Minister Yildirim, "the future of our country, the workers to destroy democracy, the scoundrels who do not even hesitate to bomb our veterans assembly, if they were Muvaffak, we were talking about another turkey today."
The management of the coup was seized, the national will was abolished and the world developed countries fell from the league, and we would talk about a turkey among the 3rd world countries.
"Thank God, our nation's Basireti, our chief commander, our President, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdogan's resurrection and the determination of our government," he said.
The Prime Minister Yildirim continued his words as follows: "We are going to quickly walk out of this event."
It is never and never true to live with constant impact.
We have very ambitious targets ahead of us.
This coup initiative did not undermine the Turkish economy.
The chaos and the crisis were once again wrong.
Today, our democracy is also in our economy.
Our banking sector, our financial sector continues to work in a healthy manner.
The foreign trade deficit in 2015 appears to have fallen by 25 percent.
The rate of the current deficit is 5.8 percent in 2014, while this rate has declined to 4.5 in 2015.
We're aiming to reduce it to four at the end of this year.
We'll never change our tight stance on public property.
Turkey's 2016 budget also amounted to more than 130 national revenues of the country.
We have lowered the national revenue rate of the budget deficit of more than 11 percent to 1.3 per cent in 2015 and strive to maintain these proportions.
In public debt, we are better than the EU, many countries of the world.
Our banking finance industry continues to work on a solid floor.
"Despite the July 15th, the central bank did not need to exchange the market, and there is no reduction in our reserves, but there is over 121 billion gross reisermiz".
The development of the economy, increasing production and providing all kinds of ease for the formation of new employment areas, Prime Minister Yildirim, "We also make extensive arrangements for you to recover from your past burdens."
We have implemented and continued to spend many arrangements until we reach the installment of the cash register and the payment of the unpaid tax debts by bringing it back to a convenience.
"You continue to produce for the country, continue to trust your country, and your government will continue to lift the obstacles in front of you," he said.
Hakan Sukur's father was removed from high sugar to hospital
Hakan Sukur, who was detained in the scope of the operation for the Fedö/Pdy terror organization carried out in Sakarya, was removed from the hospital as a result of sugar elevation during the interrogation.
In the scope of the operation initiated by the Public Prosecutor's Office of Sakarya on July 15, after the coup initiative of the fatwa/Pdy terror organization, the former national footballer Hakan Sukur and his father Sermet Sukur were taken out last night about the capture.
The father of Hakan Sukur, who was detained in Adapazarı at the exit of Friday prayers today, was removed from the hospital while the interrogation lasted.
Cermet Sukur's treatment was removed from the hospital as a result of sugar elevation continues at Sakarya Education and Research Hospital.
Turkey does not break from the West, the European Union is not giving up
Mehmet Sürşek: Turkey does not break from the West, the European Union is not giving up
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Lightning, Science Industry and technology Minister Faruk Concise, Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) organized by "Confidence in Turkey, the productions in Turkey" attended the meeting.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Science Industry and technology Faruk Concise, "I think there have been many auspicious results from the developments of the night of July 15th."
The most important of these is undoubtedly the unity and togetherness spirit that all Turkey feels from the skin.
The 15th of July process showed how strong the dynamics of the Turkish economy are, and how much society has internalized democracy.
"For a society that has captured this level in economics and democracy and democracy, it is clear that the next process will be better and easier to move faster," he said.
"Turkey needs to get rid of this boredom"
Faruk Ayoşi said that they forced to tell the world about the July 15th coup initiative, Minister of Economy Nihat Zeybekci, the government announced that they declared a mobilization on this issue.
Zeybekci also addressed the interest discounts initiated by banks in the last period, "if the first five faces of my real sector are to be 39.4% of your wife, we must concentrate on this job, which should leave our power to our entire business."
For him, our president is coming back and telling the job.
With the real sector, the banking system, its government, its politics, the July 15th civil Turkish Democratic Revolution, Turkey's unity and solidarity must be freed from this problem.
We welcome the developments in the last semester.
"Hopefully, in the coming period, the banks start with the encouragement of the president's zero-point, nine-percent, as the eight-month-low-economic management of this competition, as well as the economy, the continuity of sustainability, hopefully we will realize," he said.
"We will give the green passport to the order of our exporter."
"Win the world in the coming period, we will be the scoop," said Nihat Zeybekci, "We will not leave the country, the president of our Prime Minister, the leader of the world, we will not leave a stolen door."
We won't leave anyone in contact with us about increasing our trade.
"We will never and will never ignore it; As we run after the bird in the branch, we are not going to be from the birds on hand," he said.
Zeybekci will also be given a green passport to exporters in later times, "one of the most recent resolutions is that his law came out, and now we've finished the regulation in the Ministry of Economics; approximately 17 to 20,000 exporters of the first figures, as well as the privileged green passport representing this country, we will give to the order of our exporters" statement.
"The impact entry needs to be cleaned from the circuit"
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Sürşek, 15 July coup initiative and then referring to the announced Ohal, Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Sürşek, ' nightmare ' for the attempted coup, "but left behind, now we need to look ahead," he said.
For two simple reasons, he said that he had been declared an Ohal, "of course, those who are involved in this coup need to be cleaned from the circuit, and this process is processing; But more importantly, there was no serious administrative reforms to face this kind of coup ventures."
It was declared an extraordinary state as a climate for administrative reforms, and so far has been very serious structural reforms.
"When we do all of this, of course we will continue to act in democratic principles and law," he said.
Expressing that life is back to normal in many areas, lightning stressed that there is no reason for the concerns of companies and individuals who are not infected with the financing of terrorism.
Turkey's democracy, voicing lightning "I think the foundations of Turkey's democracy has been strengthened; because when you look at the origins of recent problems, you'll surely see that this betrayal network is involved.
"Therefore, the removal of this terrorist organization from the Devletten will strengthen Turkey's democracy as this period closes in Turkey," he said.
The economy of the foundations is generally robust and never lost time to return to the normal structural reform agendas, said the lightning, "Turkey has returned to the primary agenda, there is progress in structural reforms."
Structural reforms are our indispensable; because populism, protection in the world is increasing.
"Turkey can only reform and prepare for the future," he said.
Lastly, emphasizing that Turkey would not break from the west, "Turkey from time to time may be in the separatists of the Western allies, the idea of our friendship; but Turkey does not break from the West, the European Union is not giving up," he said.
25 meters from the sea, jumping and...
In Antalya, 17-year-old Shamil Tayyar Bayrakçi, the ' Eagle Hill ' was named as the 25-metre height of the cliffs jumped overboard when the hospital was hospitalized.
On the coast of Konyaalti swimming with friends in the evening hours Shamil Tayyar Bayrakçı, then the variant under the "Eagle Hill", known as the 25 meters altitude jumped overboard the cliffs.
Shamil Tayyar Bayrakçı, a professional swimmer, was hurt by the impact of hitting the water neck.
Having difficulty moving around the sea, the Bayrakçi has been taken ashore by his friends, who are still professional swimmers.
On the tip of the event, the health officials, after the intervention, Shamil Tayyar Bayrakla took the ambulance to Antalya training and Research Hospital.
The Bayrakçi received the treatment of the vital danger was recorded.
A friend of the Bayrakır who testified to the police, "when he jumped from Eagle Hill, his neck hurt."
He said, "we couldn't predict that."
25 dead-spokesman newspaper
About 10 kilometres from the Cilvegözü border crossing in Reyhanli district of Hatay, the settlements in the town of Sarmada in the province of Idlib, Syria, were shot by the regime aircraft.
Local sources reported that 25 persons were killed in the attack and 40 injured.
In the vicinity of Syria's Bab-Al air border crossing, which is located opposite the Cilvegözü border crossing, two separate air strikes were organised by regime planes during noon and evening hours to the town of Sarmada.
Local sources indicated that the aircraft targeted the settlements in the air raid and 25 were killed.
The explosion is reported to have injured 40 persons in the attack, which is heard from Reyhanli, while the death count is concerned.
President Erdogan chose Kaya for the Yök membership!
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the Council of Higher Education (YÖK), elected Undersecretary of Finance Ministry H. Abdullah Kaya.
"Mr. President, the Council of Higher Education Board membership, which is vacated due to the resignation of Seyit Ahmet Baş, said that the sixth of the Higher Education Law of the 2547 numbered the B/1 of the Ministry of Finance Undersecretary H. Abdullah Kaya was elected," the president said.
On the other hand, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan approved the "International Labour Law", numbered 6735.
The presidential press centre said, "The International Labour Code No. 6735" was sent to the Prime Minister for publication of the second paragraph of the 104 Maddesinin (a) in the first paragraph of the Constitution of the ' 89 Maddesh of the constitutional law by Mr President.
Two brothers killed in an armed attack in Kahta
Adıyaman "in Kahta District, 2 brothers who were attacked in the car, lost his life.
The event occurred on Mustafa Kemal Street in the evening.
39-year-old Ramadan Karahan headed towards the district center 02 KH 839 Plate Car, an unidentified person was fired by a pistol.
The car, which lost control of the fire with the combo, was struck by another vehicle.
Meanwhile, the person who came to the car next to Ramazan Karahan with his brother, 50-year-old Omer Karahan, shot in a row.
Karahan brothers, while severely injured, the assailant fled the scene with a motorcycle.
Police and health teams were dispatched to the event instead.
The heavy-injured Karahan brothers were removed from the ambulance to Kahta State Hospital.
Omer and Ramazan Karahan received treatment in the emergency department despite all the efforts of the doctors were unable to recover.
When the bodies of two brothers were put in the morgue for autopsy, police investigating Mobese and security cameras in the area where the incident occurred, initiated a study aimed at detecting the identity of the escaped assailant.
Britain should channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will offer renovations and prosperity not only in our local communities and in London, but also across the country.
I think this will make Heathrow quite attractive as it is in London 2012, where we have made an incredible effort to benefit all nations and territories from the games.
The Olympics have provided great advantages for Stratford and East End.
And we'll start again by creating opportunities for local residents and firms close to Heathrow.
Only 10,000 new internship opportunities for our local communities will create 40,000 new jobs and leave unemployed teenagers around the airport.
As before London 2012, those who think that the Heathrow expansion challenge is too challenging.
I was told that Britain would never be prepared for games and that we would disgrace the world.
Doubts were wrong in 2012, and they will be seen wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow answers all questions asked.
As with the Olympics, Heathrow is not only a few people, but an infrastructure project for many.
Expansion is the opportunity to create 180,000 new jobs and £211 billion in economic growth and leave many skills and jobs in the vicinity of the airport and throughout the UK.
In Heathrow, there is a great team of T5 (the world's best airport terminal for five consecutive years) to T2, implementing an infrastructure investment of £11 billion on time and budget for the two busiest runways in the world.
We are now ready to offer a third track backed by a special investment of £16 billion.
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the United Kingdom, and I have no doubt that the Heathrow expansion would be so.
It is time for us to secure our commercial future by channeling this Olympic spirit into the expansion of Heathrow, and to create a lot of skill and work opportunities that are JAK to be proud of Britain.
Lord Paul Deighton, chairman of the Board of Directors of the Heathrow and the commercial secretariat of the former Treasury ministry
Adblock Plus is "cat-mouse game" on Facebook ad blocking
It is reminiscent of the "cat-mouse game" for companies that make money from ads blocking software for enterprises that are making online ads.
On Thursday, only two days after Facebook announced that it will block the ad blockers on the desktop site, Adblock Plus has published a blog post that says users can update their filters to block ads on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook expressed that ad blockers would change codes around ads to make it difficult to determine which part of the page is advertising.
But Adblock now says he's decrypting the new codes.
In a blog post, Adblock spokesman Ben Williams wrote, "It's been a long time since the invention of a reverse fight to prevent advertising prevention between employees with the community of blocking open source advertisements," and Facebook is able to produce its own solution in the near future.
The world's largest social media company's entry into this struggle shows how big a concern the advertising blockers have for the sector.
According to a study by PageFair and Adobe last year, around 200 million people globally use ad blockers; this is four times the number of people who use this type of software in 2013.
With a 1.03 billion-day active user who accesses Facebook with mobile devices, mobile ads now create 84 percent of Facebook's advertising revenue.
According to a spokesman, mobile ad blockers have been pursuing ad blockers on the corporate desktop because Facebook's mobile apps and Instagram are not effective for the social network.
Since Facebook is worth investing in this kind of move, desktop ads must still be available for sufficient revenue.
On Tuesday again, Facebook announced that people would update the "AD preferences" tool so they could better control the ads offered to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were alarming, and that they would block some of the non-advertising content on the site.
A Facebook spokesman said in a statement made by email that "we are not giving these people a good experience and we plan to deal with this problem."
Ad blockers are a blinding tool, so we are focused on creating tools such as advertising preferences to give people control.
A woman ran into the Swiss highway; it looks like a suicide.
The victim was sleeping on the freeway at midnight.
Police are looking for people who witness the collision of a few vehicles on the highway in the early hours of Thursday, on a seemingly suicidal event.
The event occurred in A1 near Morges in Vaud's Canton, just after midnight Thursday.
The Vaud police said in a statement that a woman had a "desperate" place in the darkness of the night, and a few vehicles hit her.
The 49-year-old Swedish woman, who was clearly in the desire to kill herself, crashed several vehicles, including the truck.
He lost his life at the scene.
Police have expressed a discussion with a few of the drivers involved in the event, but some have not been identified, and asked everyone involved in the event to apply for themselves.
Lawyer Gilles Hofstetter explained to Le Tribune de Geneve that "a criminal prosecution was opened as a" sensible "step in cases like this".
However, the drivers involved in the event are not yet known to face any charges.
Was it possible to avoid the collision?
This is what the prosecutor must identify, "Hofstetter said.
Two similar cases in the past five years indicate that the drivers won't be held accountable.
In both cases in the newspaper (both of them contained a person who was on the highway in the dark), it was ruled that drivers would not expect a pedestrian crossing on the highway at midnight.
Last year, one night in August 2014, an officer who crashed on the road near Paynerne in A1 was found guilty of negligent death by a policeman who caused his death.
In court, the 22-year-old victim was drunk and leaked on the road.
The Court stated that the police officer, who responded to an emergency call, used the vehicle reasonably and that the presence of a man on the road was "completely exceptional and unpredictable".
Information about this incident near Morges on Thursday should call the police from phones 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus suited to live a Times
According to the new NASA climate model estimates, Venus had a once-in-a-life conditions.
Scientists at the NASA Goddard Space Studies Institute developed a model to explore the history of Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus is hosting conditions similar to that of a once-in-a-world environment with its hot, water-containing surface and CO2-filled atmosphere.
Scientists, in the past, revealed the low rotational velocity of Venus with a thick layer of atmosphere.
However, the latest estimates suggest that Venus can have a thin, earth-like atmosphere and still be able to rotate slowly.
The model also looked at the topography of the ancient Venus.
Even though the planet has more dry regions than Earth, one times may have had enough water and geographic variability to protect against rapid evaporation.
The ancient Venus also benefited from a more dim sun at 30 percent.
Giss scientist Anthony Del Genio said in a news bulletin "The slow rotation of Venus in the simulation of the GISS model ensures that the daytime side is facing the sun for almost two months each time."
This led to the rains forming thick cloud layers that act like an umbrella that protects the surface from warming to sun-borne heat.
As a result, the average climate temperatures were just a few degrees colder than the earth was today.
The model has provided a story similar to the evolution that was previously suggested by planetary scientists as a hypothesis for Venus.
Although a once-in-a-times life has favorable conditions, Venus has been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light during a few billion years.
Their oceans evaporated and the water vapor burned down with ultraviolet rays.
Hydrogen ran out and left a thick atmosphere full of carbon dioxide with only lethal greenhouse gas effect; So today we know what Venus is.
Researchers shared the results of the new Venus Climate model in Geophysical research articles.
Patrick Roy resigns from avalanche antenna
Patrick Roy resigned on Thursday as a vice president of Colorado Avalanche coaching and hockey operations, expressing that the team was not given the right to say in the decision-making process.
Colorado Executive Vice president/General Manager Joe Sakic approved this development and said the club would start looking for a new trainer immediately.
"Over the past three years, I have brought my duties to head coach and hockey operations in Colorado Avalanche, with energy, passion and determination," Roy, 50, said in a statement.
I thought about how much I could improve and how to maximize it by giving this team the depth it needs throughout the summer.
To accomplish this, the vision of the coach and VP hockey operations needs to be in perfect harmony with the vision of the Organization.
In addition, the decisions affecting the performance of the team must have the right to say.
These conditions are not yet met in the current situation.
Sakic, who added Roy to the team on 23 May 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick has informed me of his decision today," Sakic said.
He thanked him for everything he did for our Organization, and we wish him good luck in the future.
Roy was awarded the Jack Adams Award as the best coach in the league in the first season of 2013 – 14 with Avalanche.
The club earned 112 points, and the team won the league first, but Colorado was defeated in Minnesota on the first round of play-offs and missed the post-season games every two years.
Avalanche passed the 39-39-4 target in 2015-16 and took five points for the second Joker Field at the Western Conference.
On the list of honors, the goalkeeper Roy won four Stanley Cups, two of which were Montreal Canadiens, both for avalanche.
North Sea oil workers continue negotiations by suspending the strike
The North Sea oil workers ' strike was suspended due to wages, and the chief negotiators began discussions for a new round of talks.
The strike against the oil field services company Wood Group is carried out gradually on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
In a joint statement, "we decided to re-start the process for the solution of the current dispute as Unite and RMT unions with the Wood Group," he said.
In the next few weeks, we will be organizing a series of meetings all day long to adopt a new perspective against problems from the beginning of the next week.
Labour unions have stated that this protest has been their first action since the 25th year of wage cuts to 30 per cent.
This year, Wood Group has cut approximately 9 per cent in payments to contractors in the North Sea due to the negative pressures in the market.
The company has a price reduction of 10 per cent of the contractors on the coast in 2014 after this fee-reducing process.
The company said additional interruptions will provide the company with the necessary space to transition from the troubled period in the market.
Shell has fired thousands of people while streamlining operations in the merger process with the British energy company BG Group, and announced plans to release oil and gas operations to 10 countries.
The energy companies are under pressure due to low crude oil prices, an economic situation in which Britain has decided to leave the European Union in June.
Scottish Congressman Dave Anderson discusses one of the largest workers ' conflicts in the North Sea, interviewing workers ' leaders in the head of the week.
As he says, the North Sea is vital to the regional economy.
He said in a statement, "We need an effective economy not for the North Sea and the country, but for the majority."
Despite the average investment of about $7 billion in the past five years, less than 1.4 billion dollars are expected to invest in new projects in the North Sea in 2016.
Kepler measured the rotation speed of the stars in the Ülker constellation
Kepler's space telescope has helped astronomers create the most complete catalogue in terms of the rotation speeds of the stars in the Ülker team star.
The new data helps astronomers to understand why the stars in the constellation are rapidly spinning, and their return period is about planetary formation.
"We hope we can learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, age and even the history of a solar system when we compare our results to stellar clusters," Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a newsletter.
Ülker Team star is 445 light years from Earth.
Most of the stars in the constellation were 125 million years ago, reaching new levels of accessibility.
They have returned to their lives at the highest possible speed.
At peak rotation speeds, stars in this maturation stage constitute a large amount of stellar wind.
These winds have a refractive effect on the stars as they progress through the magnetic fields of the stars.
As a star grows, the speed of rotation begins to fall.
Kepler measures the rotation speed of each star by monitoring the time between the appearance of noticeable starspots such as sunspots.
The latest return speeds catalogue suggests that the larger stars rotate faster than smaller stars.
Rebull expressed the stars as a dancer, simulating the big ones on one leg, and realizing their return on a slower way than what happened.
"We see that slow returnees are much heavier, and fast spins are very light stars," he said.
Since the team star of Ülker is very close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory for comparison of star features and rotation speeds.
"The Ülker team star is young and old, providing theoretical models for star turns in both directions," said Rebull.
There's a lot of things we want to learn about how, when and why the stars turn up, when and why they left the ' dance shoes ' in a corner, so to speak.
The latest analysis of Rebull and colleagues Ülker Team star's return speeds has been explained in detail in three new articles to be published in Astronomy magazine shortly.
