28 Yaşındaki Aşçı San Francisco Trial Exchange Centre Dead
A short time ago in San Francisco, 28, who moved to the chef, this week in a local shopping centre boşluğunda are found dead.
However, the victim's brother, he may not be able to harm the one that said, "I was on a good things for him in the end."
Institute of Forensic Medicine in San Francisco Wednesday morning, which led to the Westfield Centre in the Exchange, 28, San Francisco resident Frank Galicia is supposed to belong to the company.
San Francisco Police Directorate, the cause of death is murder of time and research planned.
The victim's brother Louis Galicia, ABC's San Francisco station KGO in Boston earlier in the kitchen at the Frank, who works as head of the department's work has created a six months ago, accepted by San Francisco Sons & Daughters kitchen that she has to work as head of the department.
The Sons & Daughters, the official threat to themselves "baffled and very sad that they are," he said.
Here, "a spokesman for the family, such as a hard working guy, and a small ekibiz özlenecek there."
During this difficult time, Frank's family are not alone, and that we would like to do the dualarımızın with them.
Louis Galicia, Frank's hostellerde initially and he is a "good things for him was at the end of the day," he said.
Louis, KGO in Galicia, or "in an apartment and bad publicity resulting from it is a failure," he said.
Louis Galicia, small boys, and may be able to harm his brother said that he did not.
Since then, the heart of the parents, who was a child.
Aileyle bond to form the way is always a plate to prepare us for us, "said Louis Galicia was going to eat.
You can never hoşlanmazdı Münakaşaya.
My brother, with a weight of every situation.
Everything else in the world, "then something every day since then, while the yalnış pathetic ışıldayan elmastı raw now," he added.
Those who own information 415-575-4444 SFPD direct phone number were asked to find fault.
The doctors are on strike an assistant business, "is the new calls for:
Doctors have an assistant, the representatives of the dispute over a new contract with unions about the job, has requested a permit.
British Tabipler Union (BMA) Doctors Committee (JDC), who was leader of the council more jobs since the beginning of September, has called for the support act.
JDC contract related to concerns, ministers don't have the reach.
Assistant physicians and medical students contract with the BMA, voted against the deal.
Those members who voted, 58 per cent of the rejected.
Thursday night in a note published on Twitter, the head of the government, the JDC Ellen McCourt, an application of the contract "for the problems, insisting he is a" silent.
He said: "In light of this, the JDC Executive Board, the proposed new contract and voted to not completely reject the concerns over the official has called for the launch of negotiations."
JDC sessizliğine in response to the government, the management of the BMA Council, at the beginning of September to increase the business to slow down in the program to allow for a formal call.
Doctors have an assistant, the dispute in the history of the NHS this year, the first full, the suspension of the strike, which includes six vessels.
An assistant doctor in BMA leader Dr Johann Malawana, the BMA's proposed contract requirements for those in the frame then down.
54.000 assistant doctor and medical students to vote ahead of the meetings during the BMA members that it needed to be a good deal and said.
After Oylamanın, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt, MBE, the contract in the UK, doctors will apply to be set, would be, he said.
Russia and Turkey: A 'uyumsuzlar in alliance?
This is a crisis jestti sonlandıran.
Russia and Turkey's leaders on Tuesday, the seizure of words and economic sanctions and later appearing wasting eight months of the war, officially sonlandırıldığını variation around the world.
However, Vladimir Putin's St. Petersburg palace of the Turkish mevkidaşını selamlarken glitzy hall this reconciliation, the more they want, Ankara is obvious that he had a life.
Al sıkışıldı, yes.
However, Mr Putin's gülümsemesi zayıftı quite limited its own standards, and even against the sidewalk to tell any kind of temperature.
By contrast, Recep Tayyip Erdogan repeatedly "good friend" Mr Putin talked about; from five times, according to a report.
I am the number.
He also said Russia's relationship with the pre-crisis level of not complying with the very most senior levels, so that it doesn't promise ulaşacağının.
The next day a newspaper here, Mr. Erdogan's never a bad thing like it, it was safe.
I think that he also filled up that it was the opposite.
However, Mr Putin's shooting and interview with the Russian leader, not create cold did nothing.
In fact, in a statement at the opening of the crisis, it was the first thing mentioned: Turkey's border with Syria, a Russian military plane shot breaks out.
Then, Russia's reaction to the hiddet were everywhere.
Mr Putin, a sharp exit was supposed to Ankara to Moscow at the expense of bıçaklamakla accused.
Kırgınlık much older than that, against the sides seemed friendly.
Real rebuilding the trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
Since November, the idea of the people of Russia has changed.
The State controlled by the media after months of staggering and aggressive in a way that Ankara has been going.
Turks Aniden, everything was a criminal.
Is this the ciddileri, senior stewards, Mr. Erdogan's family in Syria, the so-called Islamic State carried out in areas under the control of the illegal oil trade with the claim that suçlamalardı make a profit.
He has flatly rejected it.
However, official reports from St. Petersburg, the message was that it is time to move on.
The reason is that this meeting Nihayetinde, Mr. Putin's President Erdogan demanded the apology he received from the States.
Russia may feel it a kind of victory.
The call for a ceasefire for Ankara, very clear benefits.
First, Erdogan's meeting last month, and almost brought them, which will be needed after the failed coup dostlara.
In Turkey renewed terror attacks he feels quite at home.
In addition, effective economic reasons.
The sanctions imposed by Russia's hard hit; especially in each year of Turkey's coastal regions of several million Russian tourists carry ban private flights.
This number fell by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and leasing companies will be scheduled flights will continue to be associated with ease.
At the end of the season in the Mediterranean will rely on their faces.
And this week, state TV, Turkish agricultural products ithalatlarına again be allowed to decline in the price of fruit and vegetables with the predicted.
I started at a Vedemosti quote we will be there, "Turistler domatesler here."
However, the visit to Moscow in the political value of a separate houses.
A failed coup, Ankara's reaction may have been enough for angry towards the West.
In the United States on the issue of talks salyangoz prompted the pace for a long time, added to his anger at Turkey's ties with the West and with soğukluktan kopmasından who want to benefit from Mr. Putin's attendance.
The Russian leader a coup after an elected officials called for the promotion of sympathy from Ankara is certainly due to appear on the right.
Unutmamak, he will himself has been undergoing a regime change on Moscow for fear of carrying this inevitably tutumdu.
On the coast the glitzy ceremony, this summit, Russia and Turkey, to me they are a way of announcing a "uyumsuzlar alliance are": From the West, and the worst has been rejected by the two countries joining forces around the globe.
However, despite the display of this görüntüsüne played a key role, is on the box.
One of the most important of them about Syria: Moscow itself as a mediator although Russia and Turkey supporting different parties.
Almost three hours after the talks, head of the first two, but focused on the issue of a press conference explaining that they support it.
Turkey's president, these differences related to a question, Mr. Putin has made clear that it tried to avoid stressing çizmeyi chose them.
Common ground in Syria that will be clear on how there is no consensus.
For months, however, it is clear that the ongoing husumetten after Nato member Turkey - and by the Russian military plane shot düşürmesiyle created an absolute disaster, the potential for knowing that - at least for the two leaders to talk to begin is certainly a good development.
The Royal Bank of Scotland, there is no reference to customers outside of Scotland
According to the head of the executive board of bank beyanına emerging brand, will take over the post office in the background.
The Royal Bank of Scotland for customers outside of Scotland, will be destroyed.
BBC Scotland's Ross McEwan, RBS, or the bank's brand of global targets to be associated with other countries.
Almost eight years ago, among them the target of the Aryan batma back off and give up too much in the case.
But during this brand strategists in other consumer financial brands in order to protect the emerging economies.
This is the Six Ulus rugby championship Wimbledon champion Andy Murray to the many millions of sponsorship for the pound was supported with.
Now, however, more national brands that was given the right to decide who comes up.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Scottish clients, however, will not be used by the new twists.
England and Wales at the centre and on the outside of their litigation that "all efforts to RBS NatWest as atıflar change.
The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland in the Ulster Bank customers already for the brand in the world.
The dominant banking for the individual mandate will take over much more of a smaller brands in the present; Adam Coutts & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan in Inverness-shire, for customers and staff held a round of interviews.
BBC Scotland, said: "After that, much more, from a bank that we will now emerging brand investor personelimizin authentic brand and the brand is not going to happen."
The bank itself has become a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
Now it is the global, not local purposes, I say.
This, from each of the slightly different communities, where, in a way that will be available and to our customers and this will work under the name brands.
RBS Six Ulus, won't be sponsoring the championship on the different brands and sports sponsorluğu yükseltmekte profile had said.
The Executive Chairman of the Board now, "brands because they have time to cross the East Bank (came) to do it for ourselves soruyorduk customers how we can do better than a bank?" He said.
Three years ago the bank is great for our customers, and we will do it if we had made these brands sunacağımızı bulurdum alayvari.
However, we do, and concentrate on the needs of customers, not kendimizin with too much change I think göreceğinizi.
These brands again, that is why this sokabiliriz I think it is the right time.
Frankie Dettori, Predilection with victory at Newmarket 3000. won for the first time with victory
Dettori double in Newmarket, with the success of the wiretapping of champagne after he made the 3000.
Jockey Frankie Dettori at Newmarket on Friday, in the UK, 3000. victory.
The local course, John Gosden's second of the night with eğittiği Predilection victory, winning has reached this milestone.
The Italian, 45, is a milestone for the youths, who became the sixth jockey.
The second he Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson's traces of the business.
Ghayyar earlier in the victory, which hit three titles which jockey, said: "This is a special situation."
My family are here, because it's very, very impressed
It is 30 years ago in Newmarket başladığım this job I am really very happy to be there.
It is an important meeting, but a Royal Ascot with 20,000 people - not just an ordinary on Friday night.
I feel relieved and I feel hafiflemiş.
Dettori Predilection victory, after the introduction of known for their adopted
Reaching this milestone for the disabled in two: The champion jockey was the jockey Richard Johnson and 20 times in his career, and he was full of champion rekorlarla 4,300 from the second victory on the retired jockey Anthony McCoy.
Derby nine times, who won the race for Lester Piggott's career has 4493 victory
Frankie jokeylerinden is one of the best of the time, and before him, only a few people reached a milestone to reach, it's not.
Tarz owner and a strong person, but the heavily basmasını terazide than others which element has the tactical mindset.
Horse race for him in a way that represents an extraordinary in this matter, and all of the people in this sport senelerdir karizması with Syria.
A few weeks ago, Frankie in Epsom in major competitions and the only on weekends running a jockey without 6000. I said could be reached with the victory.
I be serious, Frankie, competed in the United Kingdom for decades has spent a good portion of the menu is beautiful to see to it.
He was quite a character, and this British competitions is very good for a property but apart from that, a state of jockey.
Frankie Dettori milestone, it has become a symbol of the zıplayarak celebrated his move down the attan
Zıplayarak attan zıplayarak inişlerine races running out, until the move that Frankie Dettori two decades many of Britain's conduct has become the symbol of the winner.
This is then filled with a magnificent.
In 1996, at Ascot in the famous Big Yedili in the victory, which includes many great race together by gaining a plane crash and survived a law banning drugs have been banned because of the judgment.
Three years ago this six months away from a return, especially during the process of the challenges is to unfairly şüphelenenleri cannot stand by him and the best way to return to become necessary to have indicated that a strong character.
It could continue for some time and Dettori; earlier in the competition, at least until the age of 50 had said he wanted to continue.
Putin's Russia, the head of a special pen Sergei Ivanov has fired
Russian President Vladimir Putin has a special pen Sergei Ivanov has unexpectedly removed.
Mr. Ivanov, a longtime trusted by Mr. Putin's close circle of old.
Now 63, the environment and transport problems, appointed as special representative to the country.
The Kremlin said in a statement, Mr. Putin's Russia, "Ivanov's management chief appointed to end the interview," but no reason was allowed.
This has been for Mr. Ivanov's 2012 since Vaino Anton, who was on the list.
At the age of 44, who is a former Vaino stressed.
In 1972, the Estonian capital, Tallinn, who was also prominent in the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) graduated from the embassy and Tokyo have been served.
He later headed the protocol and government personnel administration interested; as such testimonials on the website of the Kremlin (Russian).
After Mr. Putin's Görevlendirilmesinin said: "Let me thank you for güvendiğiniz."
The management of the most important task of the law, and to involve the application of the terms as head of state, I think it is to promote faaliyetlerinizi.
On Friday, Mr Putin told the Russian TV channel, Mr. Ivanov and the dismissal of the photography, he wanted to meet Mr Vaino announced the proposed.
Gülümsemeler compelling?
It is to Moscow that left a move.
Sergei Ivanov, for a long time, Vladimir Putin's closest allies, such as one of himself and çalışmaktaydı Soviet security forces also served in the KGB.
Special items in the country, as he was one of the most powerful.
The agreement with President Putin on state television and in a statement released at the meeting, both in special items of their own was stepping down, he said.
However, despite the smiling pozlara kameralara referred to as few people here are convinced that it is, especially to the parliamentary elections approaching in this period.
She said this kind of ruling the fight a stiff competition from the dispute?
No one yet knows how to do this.
However, he may be a person is Russia's environmental policy to form to apply for an official explanation was that the great şüphelerle.
According to the website of the Kremlin awarded Mr. Ivanov alıntıya Mr. Putin at the moment as he has done for the words: "In early 2012 a konuşmamızda this difficult - even the troubled diyebileceğiniz - served four years for me right I want güvenmenizi.
, Eh, it seems, for four years, eight months along the chair I served as a special pen.
Mr. Ivanov, in December 2011, he took it.
Earlier, deputy prime minister and defence minister was among the posts.
He is a member of the Security Council, Russia and Mr Putin, such as former state security forces, is a member of the KGB.
In the late 1990s, in the end, Mr Putin's KGB, which replaced the Federal Security Forces (FSB), Mr Ivanov, the head of the konumundayken take on him.
When Mr. Putin came to power, he has the most trusted as one of the five members.
Mr Putin's third in the long chair to do unconstitutional than Mr. Ivanov, Mr. Putin's second term after he may seem to be.
The post, however, another way Putin's close ally, Dmitry Medvedev, was moved in.
Mr. Putin, three and a half years after he became prime minister, before returning to the presidency again.
A set of Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson, the purpose of the offence after yapımcıya
Gibson, the last month of the series in Los Angeles setinde became involved in a physical scuffle.
The series produced by injury, ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, a joint statement announced that he were dismissed.
Special Agent Aaron Hotchner's guarantees to be done ahead of the announcement of the terms so Gibson, said on Tuesday that an apology earlier.
“issues related to creative differences and a row houses.
In a statement, "this kind of incident was involved because I regret," he said.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios to submit, Gibson's character played by a group of FBI ajanını monitoring programme, he has detailed how that information is given at a later date in the future, the report said.
Earlier, the situation is called the Dharma & Greg komedisinde involved in 2005, the actor, 54, has been struggling since the first part of the programme.
Gibson on Friday, released a statement on "Criminal Minds and love over the past two years over the past decade, and by giving him kalbimi ruhumu I tried," he said.
I would like to stay until the end of this, however, it is not possible now.
Only authors, actors, producers, wonderful ekibimize and, most importantly, a programme that could have the best I would like to thank the supporters.
In the second decade of the programme for the season on 28 September, is expected to return to the focus.
North of nationality a secret...
A person who lives in the north, north of the fish that have appeared in the garden to define an application for assistance.
Kevin Bain 75 the fish of the sea, the sand sharks can be transported with hortumu thinks.
Bain Denizden 500 metres away from someone who lives two inches in length, the fish revealed from the images, hoping to shed light on the published Periscope.
Queensferry Parade: The bridge is now he described to the hearing
The project, which is worth £1.35 billion in May, to be completed in 2017
Queensferry Geçidinin viyadüğü Engineers and north of the bridge is now have joined; which means that he described to the restrained.
The three from the top of the bridge, each of the surrounding area, which is in the "" fans among the four tabliye ilkidir closure.
Cross the bridge he described coming from 600 metres long and more than 30,000 tonnes of ağırlığındadır.
10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete kablosundan is made up of 46 with support.
The project, which is worth £1.35 billion in May, to be completed in 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the venues today, from land bridge was one of the first to march.
He said: "This is building the Queensferry Parade of the historic and symbolic moment.
We're all just this part of the construction of the bridge for more than 30,000 tonnes of concrete used in this project with a truly epic scale mühendisliğe evidence law.
Viyadük tabliyesi bridge with the bridge closed the gap between the extraordinary size and weight, but this has been the stage for very delicate toleranslar requiring a delicate work.
Overall, a total of 79% bridge tabliyesinin almost settled the case, the first concrete kesitinin tabliyenin Rosyth today dealing takes place on this bridge over the entire tabliyenin, which means it was not ready.
Müteahhitleri Forth Bridge and Tunnel project director Michael Martin, said: "The whole bridge projects, the first closing is always an important milestone.
This extraordinary project, this closing in construction, engineering öncülüğü businessman.
In the latest of a number of road widening and tabliyesinin North Tower after the level of service on the northern side of the gap had to - or kara- kapatmamız.
This, in turn, in the north until the south seemed viyadüğün 700 cubic miles were carried out.
It is a very big but at the same time very sensitive işlemdi.
The reason is that large, viyadüğün 222 metres long, weighs nearly 6,000 tonnes to be about 3%, and from where the gerekmesiydi eğimde.
The reason why is sensitive to be observed by the team was that very low; values of tolerance on both sides until only a few millimeters.
Luckily, it all went on the road.
Rescue team: Three Moelfre Bay man lucky to be alive in the in the
The three men were fishing in Anglesey teknesinden didn't have the "after" because they are lucky to survive.
Moelfre RNLI lifeguard station, tertibatın filikası Moelfre Bay after being investigated in the Republic on Friday, with the British summer hours, and from 13: 20.
Of the three, to the yacht itself goes on until it's safe to swim in the right space strove for.
Lifeguard filikası Moelfre control into "the front of the right agencies over the past decade we have seen them and concerns we have," he said.
"Fortunately, we give them on the right path with uzaklaşmıştı long as strong gusts of wind," he added.
Two of the one by a local fishing boats kurtarılırken 60, the third man fed up to life without a tutunurken, bulletproof.
The right path to the coast, all of which were issued and the lifeguard filikası filikasına lifeguard station was appointed
Mr Jones said: "I have three fell per man at all, and that they are alive, the wound had not been as lucky as they are.
A state of emergency to stop boats motorunda undersea vessels, however, had the boat when it comes to people in a way that uses tekneyi must reconcile.
Today, these three man prior to someone.
Health and happiness for a valuable fish species, Pokémon Go
Really shocked to see how the world has changed.
Young people and children to play out the game is now empty, she said, she is not the focus of the day, so I had to spend the last ten years, most of the people has been a üzüldüğü.
Pokemon Go kanepeden people to take action and investment.
The focus should not be spent time with sınırlıyken over time, especially in television, video games and, finally, to spread smart telefonlara.
For this reason, the simplicity of the technology in the open air and the elements are in action is really to see that.
Also, of course, in the 1990s, especially in video game created for the show, a cartoon (later, play cards and other subsidiaries) karakterlere turned into products based on the practice of talking about the Pokémon Go.
The popular culture of a very unique, such as, in this new game in early July in the US, Australia and New Zealand in the connecting katmıştı reaction is submitted.
Later, the extreme yüklemeye on servers, which led to intense interest in other countries because of the presentation was postponed.
Pokémon within Days Go Tinder has more and nearly the same number of users reached with Twitter.
He asked how it is working?
Kısaca speaking, smart phones, taking players with GPS, which follow, and it is a way to search for Pokémon bulduklarının çekebiliyor taking part in '(on the phone) or screen image, taking them in in yakalayabiliyor.
The cast, playing a generation of young people are starting to be seen as this find kanepeden participated in the building.
In the United States, the play, "an average of one person every day" in the number of steps taken by a substantial increase in the group.
Apple Watch, which was developed for a discount and 35,000 Cardiogram belonging to the present, the Washington Post shortly before the release of the game for the next two days, between those who follow every day for 30 days, people who do not exercise the rate from 45 per cent to 53 per cent have risen, he said.
The company does not know who the Pokémon Go play; not only at the level of the raw data, so do not exercise.
"People to set aside time to 30 minutes," "kanepeden removal" and "every day to be active," which encourages most public health campaign, most of the public health message to be boring and overwhelmed by people on the surface, it was due to the public.
But still the importance of how little vurgulansa egzersizin.
People who exercise regularly, there is little possibility of cancer or depression.
The exercise, kilos of control, high blood pressure and diabetes and could help in areas such as listelenemeyecek here until it has a long list of benefits.
But the beauty of the Pokémon Go, people have got to be made for the joy of a çıkarmasıdır out.
In this way, the health of their home in the three key elements: The move is clean air and entertainment with the light of the sun.
Some people even during the hunting edinebilmektedir new friends.
As usual, the complaints will be looking for something in the current suratsız oyunbozanlar.
And, of course, one of the thin çarpabilir also going up.
What is the difference?
A major innovation was presented.
Smart phone applications such as the Fitbit hareketimizi follow us to exercise such as this game they would have a reason to.
Yeniliğin effect will go out, and use.
However, due to the success of the Pokémon, practices and virtual reality with the real world to unite through the activities of those who finds a more active, healthy and in the form of assistance, although many will play.
Www.drjoetoday.com newspaper, Dr Joe's blog Rising apathy
Simone Biles, women's gymnastics got the gold medal in the assessment of the general
Forget Baskıyı.
Forget destination.
Simone Biles has in all of them, officials said.
Jump on the dynamic.
Comfortable on the beam.
With the shock is everywhere.
The second time, especially down.
And he is now an Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast, on Thursday as the first in the overall assessment of the Olympics, wrapped up in himself and the rest of the world was clearly the difference between.
In all, including 62,198 points, the owner of a silver medal in the team event, "and" the last of the five friends, Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Alija Mustafina that many were tortured.
The United States of America by Simone Biles, Brazil on Thursday, at a ceremony at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, the general assessment in the final of the women's artistic gymnastics performance on the beam.
Biles finished the overall assessment of the award in the fourth and fifth overall, an American woman and became its own jenerasyonunun and perhaps the best of all time, as his name was announced.
The latest total was released tears and the main salon to achieve this long journey is over.
This success in the sport, the new levels every nesilde ulaştıran once looked like Michael Phelps at the same level as the athletes passed:
Biles, of the 10 in the last three years, including the gold medal at the world championships and the 15th year of the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton's being "so far from what I see as the best gymnast as a" mix of precision and ambitions which adlandırmasını rutinler telling with this as one of the sport's most successful team.
In Brazil it had a test in the past; it is a competition, Biles had included in the field with him rather than the big expectations and where the burden on his team.
Texas family's home in Spring, a handful of gold medals, the less a disappointment as görülecekti with return.
The United States of America by Simone Biles and Aly Raisman, left, of Brazil, held at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the artistic gymnastics women's overall assessment of the gold and silver medals respectively, after getting Ağu, Thursday.
Biles, who retired the first of the national team coordinator Martha born of the farewell party he served as a sign of ünlem won on Tuesday.
Biles summit at all from the right that this long bakmadığında insist on even though it is completely true.
It has become a symbol of the place also called rutinin taklalı coverage that includes part of the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Arena just outside street in full compliance with the Latin music will report.
This is not a coincidence.
Her mother and the great big father by a smaller childhood and Aimee Boorman, who obtained the adoption of a gymnastics training room during a tour of his Boorman's mother discovered by the girls, has become a force.
In the summer of 2013, there are several değerlendirmelerden Biles; this did not despair of ever wants to continue as long as necessary in a series of victories.
Two rotasyonda Mustafina geçiciydi leadership of the team, this.
Biles of the world title he had on the balance beam and exercises include not yet view.
With the beam 15,433 points that have passed, and it also includes egzersizinde 15,933 points for his business.
Raisman, the final score while nezaketen Biles and spoke of him having a smear at a time, we are experiencing a real vision of ışıldayan wrote, while the red, white and blue eye makyajı I sing the surrounding area.
Raisman's fourth-place finish, the performance of the shares but then lost to the bronze medal Mustafina performance four years ago, it was like a replay.
This time, the Americans "nine, 22, refer to as" that led the captain of the team.
From time to time with the return of a suspicious overcome after also called the place where the blows, sent the crowd.
Biles, 19, taken by the earlier this week as for shared many of the tweets are now a whole new meaning after the series of the show:
Police: 3 vakasında serial killer car with the victim was shot, listens to music
In the last ten years, Phoenix's first serial killer vakasında two women and a 12-year-old girl, according to police reports released Thursday and listens to music while the car was shot.
Officials, Stefanie Liner, Angela Rochelle R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter Maleah on June 12 at a garage on the way parked car he was shot, he said.
The report said the passenger side of the car, armed people survive while the pistol and eight shots, and in the other a having a move away, it said.
The killing of the three police officers says he did not robbery because the gunman aimed at adult victims of hand bags or $2.900 had not been paid for.
Phoenix police spokesman Deputy Commissioner Jonathan Howard armed attack, the researchers from the previous four this attack to examine whether it is linked to the collapse of the day.
Four months at a time weighted as Spanish origin live neighbourhoods held nine in total, seven people were killed in the attack and two others were injured.
Howard, at the beginning of this month, CBS affiliate KPHO "at the front of the house, this is a settlement in the area was there."
In the late 1990s Şüphelinin a brown Nissan model in the late 1990s, the model in a black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln from that includes a few vehicles is believed to have been used.
The same killer Araştırmacılar attacks, and that it is related to the same killer committed by been able to conclude that, in which he refused to.
Ellis (33) due to the wounds he was brought to the hospital and later died.
Liner (31) and Ellis's daughter Maleah died at the scene.
One person who witnessed the incident to the police, these people have parked the car with the music dinlemesinin sat out of a situation that it is not.
Officials said the three murders at the same time, half an hour before the empty trucks with the goal to fire related to the incident and released a police report.
With the goal, a Araştırmacılar found a bullet was removed, and the engine of the particles found the bullets in the brain.
Mother, 6 mikrosefali hastasının: "The best way to a"
Most of the six years of children, such as Edmund Picciuto oyuncaklarını in song to say, and, of course, also very like his mother.
Unlike their peers, however, Edmund mikrosefali discomfort in the current; this, his mother Elizabeth Picciuto hamileliği during the existence of genetics is not a distortion.
The first home, when it became the first searching yapamayacağım.
I can't do it.
I didn't want to do it.
They are, of course, is not true, of course, you want to do it, "he said.
He and his wife, Vincent, Edmund's them at all and even survival kalamayabileceği tanıyamayabileceği was told.
Some doctors said home maintenance, went as far as to offer.
"The first Picciuto tepkim düşünmediğimi is doing now, to tell people it was there."
With the help of a yürüteç yürüyebiliyor, Edmund.
Edmund, three years or until it is still and the sharp oturamadı konuşamıyor emekleyemedi.
However, he has started to get to some turning points.
Yürüyebiliyor, taking their cars and on its assistance.
In addition, the two brothers to play the game with the song, and he likes to say.
Elizabeth, Edmund's "please tell me what it means for the song" The sign language.
Picciuto told CBS News, "said öğretiyoruz sign language with him."
However, as we know, this is not the sign language of his own, Edmund, signs of spin, he says.
Mikrosefali, a number of different due to the situation can arise as a genetic Edmund; the current situation may be and during pregnancy, such as worms and Zika kızamık enfeksiyonlardan posed by the waves.
In the course of the disease and Belirtiler huge differences over time.
Zika infection for people who life this is how it will be affected by it is too early to tell.
The future of the shaky Picciuto, where the emotional burden of recalls.
What will become a soruyordum repeatedly.
What's going to happen?
And he still does not know it.
In fact, no one really has advised beklemediğimden baya me for a long time in the course of the disease with a question about sormadım.
However, the apology, Zika Picciuto because she is full of hope for the babies, their recommendations is to supply.
A better way to a.
It would be better for you, you know.
Çocuğunuzu seveceksiniz çocuğunuz, in you. "
In Louisiana, Mississippi and intense rain and water rescue services raids
Louisiana in the rain and widespread water intensive raids to Saturday, more rain is expected on Friday, with shares to declare a state of emergency.
National Air Services State in northeast Louisiana, Mississippi, and they have been simmering in the south of the many youngsters and that has intensified after the raid on the flow of rain water has been widely reported that pose a danger.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards, state officials repeatedly spoke to local officials and the affected neighborhoods that support is on track, he said.
The governor Gross Domestic Security and Emergency Hazırlığı Office spokesman Mike Steele, high water vehicles, boats and to receive requests for siperlikler said.
Steele, only for the daytime Tangipahoa siperlik tonnes of the motion for the day.
Through Saturday in southern Louisiana on most of the water in a raid on the insanity and the tobacco industry.
The weather service, a statement on the surface of an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall by the day.
South Alabama in Mobile, drops of rain in the area on Saturday in a raid on the insanity of water was available.
Both are Louisiana found in Baton Rouge River near the Comite and Denham Springs, near Amite Nehrinde during the week, reaching a record is expected to be achieved.
Alek Krautmann Tahminci, Baton Rouge, both in the river near the suburban areas that the injuries below the water in many homes.
He is also filled with rivers Maurepas Lake will slow the flow of water to the daytime raid on Ascension flow poses a threat, he said.
Liverpool, Louisiana in Mississippi who immediately south of the border province Tickfaw River at 9 in the morning, measured by the level of a graduate has already reached back., on Friday.
Rescue teams, the people of Mississippi's southwest Amite baskınlarından Wilkinson, the British consul, and contain the water to rescue continues.
Leroy Hansford, survivors, his wife and son on Friday near the Gloster kurtarılanlar his team.
Hansford (62), normally from her home 400 feet away from the Beaver Deresi coming from increased rapidly during the night in the water, he said.
If seated in another stepdaughter has warned him that his son, he said.
Hansford Uyandık, "and was still on the water," he said.
Belime until the trial.
Hansford, his wife of 48 years, lived here to pay their respects to the highest level derede during this, he said.
Hansford, that he and the family members of the disabled, and that he is the only person yüzebilen official.
Hansford, emergency workers put in large, military style, a truck on Friday and saved from the fire station sığındıkları Gloster leads, he said.
Krautmann ’ by taking water intensive, "spectacular" and quickly push the authorities to consider the evacuation order, he said.
Krautmann near Livingston, an observer until midnight on Friday morning, said he had informed yağdığını 13,75 inches of rain.
As of Wednesday, Krautmann since the ground is saturated with a high, he said.
The intensive rains and Otoriteler under water in a raid at a time, the remaining residents evacuated and daytime Tangipahoa five schools in the area to be the need for the school holidays.
CBS affiliate WWL in Tangipahoa, a woman in the 200 members of the town hall of the house has said that the raid was under water.
Residents were evacuated, but they are also the two churches have been dominant under water at the moment.
Neighbourhood Officer Robby Miller said authorities isolated due to the rising waters of 72 people and saved seven pets, he said.
In the city of Hammond, and in the village of Amite evicted for those shelters opened.
He began to retreat, "Waters will be allowed to return home," he said.
In the city of Hammond Mahallesinin Tangipahoa, due to the rising water, nearly two dozen streets have been closed and water away from homes and businesses working to keep siperlikler was presented by residents for questioning.
The city administrative chief Lacy Landrum, "the time the last major ayındaydı March raid on the water," he said.
It will be like in a similar incident.
In Mississippi, Rupert Harrison Kazası Emergency Manager Lacy Gulf coast to ensure a steady rain, he said.
On Tuesday, a few houses in the water the raid on Friday, however, have been reported so far in this direction for any kind of reporting does not reach.
In Amite Shopper Foods Value's director Keith Townson, living in this region for 40 years.
"It's never seen water Townson görmediğim water in places that I saw," he said, and added, "and there are still dry."
The "porous" Vücudu kurşunlarla Mahaj Brown, 6, Philadelphia survived the attack at alive
At the age of 6, police say, the boy was shot in Philadelphia, the city announced this week at the age of 6, this is the second incident of a child who was shot.
CBS Philadelphia Mahaj Brown for his grandfather and lived in the house.
Brown's grandmother, and his grandfather, the alternatives are area of the leg, arm and karnı, which includes areas in more than one firearms seriously injured, but was taken to hospital as his awareness anywhere in the other countries.
Delores, Melendez lived in the riders "too painful a reminder that because gövdesi kurşunlarla porous was there."
Can't believe it.
Boys at the hospital in critical condition and some ameliyatlardan koruyanlar official counts among the children.
The family, he said, riders are expected to be hospitalized.
First grade was about a local elementary school.
Germantown, Brown was among four people who was in the area.
Each of the 29 at the age of 32, and one of the two men's Revolutionaries.
CBS Philadelphia, the state of one of the men, 29, is in a critical condition, while the other two victims, he said, is in stable condition.
The boy is in critical condition, İstasyon, 29, who, along with one of the men in a car seat, was shot as the reported the preliminary.
The other two victims were not of one of them in the car, and police are investigating whether the gunman.
CBS Philadelphia Dedektifler or, in more than one armed gunmen opened fire on each other may well reach.
The scene of the incident, a different assault weapons belonging to attack with the aim of the project, in terms of the gun
Apparently, he was definitely a lingering conflict.
Caddede sleeves on both sides of the sidewalk and houses.
This is more than just the armed gunmen, and said that both were active in the squad, Philadelphia's deputy Anthony Ginaldi them stations, he said.
More than one in the region of homes and vehicles were also damaged.
And the police did not arrest any kind of security analysis the podium.
However, 6 years old, a girl in the neighbourhood Oak West, on Tuesday in front of the house for the last of the accident while playing the game with his arm was shot.
In the process he has improved, and police are still searching for a suspect.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie duymamızın have to turn to the cause
This year, Women's Olympic Gymnastics team name for taktım and that has more than one reason.
First of all, since 1984 Summer Olympics, the United States and I have never before been so dominant has never been identified.
The second one is: This team of many different ethnic origins, has inspired a 14-year-old girl: Simone Biles has three jimnastikçiye Gabby Douglas and Lauren, Laurie, "" Hernandez.
Aly Raisman Jewish and Catholic Madison Kocian met by the introduction of this team is everyone gururlandırıyor structure.
In the end, the team down in a similar threat.
At the same time that black and Latin roots of women shown by the presence of the senior levels of the sport.
For the past four years, the first female gymnast has always African origin was an American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby sıralamadaydı 1 and 2.
This is a strong thing.
To the last, Gabby Douglas a surprise Olympic şampiyonuydu and backed him to America.
The whole world is now three World Champion, Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez's unexpected, however, capable of extraordinary performance of his gymnastics rutinlerinden that could be seen.
On Thursday, Simone, who won the gold medal in the women's overall assessment of the American was the fourth in a row.
Teammate Aly Raisman and also won the silver medal.
At its best, this time we tanılık kurslarında gymnastics across the country, however, the situation does not look like that.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie, Aly to get a place in the Olympic team and followed the same path with Madison.
"The last liberal," that are the reason for the next Olympic gymnastics team just four gymnast to be born Marta, and this will be the year when his final year history.
In reality, however, is quite an expensive sport and gymnastics gymnasts first, parents pay for education, travel, hotel rates, competition, took part in the (coaches) for the families and gymnasts, and most other private clubs, gymnastics, supported with paid employees.
Most of the clubs in the gymnastics, affluent suburban desteleyebilecek these businesses are on the periphery.
The clubs, and the only place jimnastikçilerin jimnastikçilerin education networks to the families of the costly and requires a long-term commitment.
Simone Biles of the coach Aimee Boorman and Laurie Hernandez's head coach Maggie Haney, these athletes jimnastiğe eğitmekteler has since shut down.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie from the communities affected by the numerous young girls for more affordable and accessible education allows sunmayız gymnastics.
I own gymnastics vakfımı composed 20 years ago.
Based in the city, as well as recording Kuruluşlarımda, more than 15,000 young people (mostly black and Hispanik) free and low-cost gymnastics training I did, and the national and international şampiyonlara koçluk we did.
In September, these wonderful Olympic sporunu will now benefit from the opportunity to learn and to young people who deserve high quality gymnastics training in Detroit to present büyüdüğüm genişleyeceğiz (place).
Gymnastics, coordination, flexibility and force the body and mentally disabled through hard work, discipline and determination on the part of the characteristics of people.
This combination of health, in terms of success at school, and it was from the long term benefits of the Universe.
Thousands of young girls who will govern the jimnastiğe, this team will inspire, it will be a wonderful thing.
Join sports activities for girls, in particular, is very important.
It's a really exciting.
Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for the gold medal in the Olympic team as a clear "Force Kızların" I do not think they have different plans, in the background, and many of the young daughter of a healthy, strong and successful young women to become refugees because they teşekkürler.
Jeremy Hunt, MBE after rejecting an offer from the doctors decided to continue strikes
They have developed with the British Tabipler Union officers after reaching agreement on a contract dispute will end had hoped, however, claimed more than 37,000 who participated in an assistant doctor, 58 per cent of those in the court.
In July, Mr Hunt, MBE, the NHS has "no one property and that there was" no further delay staff and patients, arguing that it would harm the relevant contract for the introduction of sanctions announced plans to.
The first assistant doctor group, outside normal hours and at night to improve the bakımın working at the end of the week, which includes changes to the implementation of a new contract.
BMA doctors, an assistant to the chairman of the parliamentary committee, Dr Ellen McCourt yesterday evening at the declaration of an assistant, said: "The proposed doctors contracts related to, given that there are still serious concerns that the current workforce crisis and trigger a position equal to doctors and all they think benimsenmediğini."
The new group of doctors in the first eight weeks of the contract, the only remaining in the process, should be no progress, and time is running out.
BMA's efforts to resolve the dispute, saying the government's reluctance to interact to form a deafening, and in some cases have been met with quietness.
This, Jeremy Hunt, MBE last month, the door is always open, despite a promise that there will be seen as an improvement.
"Jeremy Hunt, MBE, to take action on the outskirts of an assistant and remove the sanction, the occasion of the doctors have to pay."
If that's not doctors, an assistant business, "is that they are prepared to increase their actions are clearly face.
In April at the end of the latest round of strike, almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 an hour, suspended, nurses and consultants, rather than strike doctors off its was forced to look at.
They have developed with the British Tabipler Union officers after reaching agreement on a contract dispute will end had hoped.
The BMA 54.000 contract, for an assistant doctor wants to improve the wages at the weekend.
NHS employers executive board, assistant manager of Daniel Mortimer to strike any doctors.
Mr Mortimer, said: "The strike will not solve anything, however, the team has already given the intense pressure on services and creating bakıcılar, patients and their families are concerned about, why it would be disturbed and disruption."
Who was the last two months during our discussions with the Doctors Committee that the politicians and the Ministry of Health, and other officials, along with Gözetmenlik Engagement and İhbarda Bulunma concerns related to a matter of the play.
Employers, important issues - the distribution, education flexibility, carriers, additional training for those who break the costs of education on the curriculum, educational background, mutual understanding and allowed to pay the difference between the sexes, such as tıpta - related to positive communication as a continuation of November, February, May and in line with the agreements reached with the BMA that act as employers, UK Medical Education and Ministry of Health by how much is taken seriously umutluydu agree that a signal.
From a heart attack at a total cost of £2 per day to eliminate the danger of drugs to cope
The longer the authorities allowed premise for a period of more people suffering from a heart attack after thousands of low-cost ilaçtan will benefit from £2 per day.
Ticagrelor Pıhtılaşmayı preventing heart disease, which reduces the risk of a renewed crisis for the people.
He was the heart of the crisis in the subsequent 12 months or in the Group and paralyse azaltmaktaydı risk another crisis.
NHS watchdog NICE, cardiovascular problems, that there is a risk of further cuts for four years that it had recommended to the people.
But now the NHS watchdog, NICE, cardiovascular problems, there is a risk that further cuts for four years that it had recommended to the people.
Every year in the UK, 140.000 about people having heart attacks, and a quarter of these other experience a crisis or in the neck.
The reason for the heart, the oil crises and felçlerin confined oluşturmasıdır hang in the street one record.
Plağın break, this is why the road to the heart of whether blood pıhtısına blood through the heart of the crisis could lead.
And if it comes to signs of blood flow pıhtı beyne blocking the flow of blood in case of stroke.
Before the crisis people spent another crisis to the risk of higher.
UK firm AstraZeneca, which was created by the commercial name Brilique Ticagrelor pıhtı, with the possibility of reducing the risk of income.
The draft NICE manual published today, during those 12 months 90 mg ticagrelor terms and then in three years, twice a day, along with 60 mg aspirin should be held on its implementation.
NICE health technology evaluation centre director, Professor Carole Longson, said: "Effective secondary prevention to put the current geçirenlerin from a heart attack, though not as much as a quarter of another heart attack or stroke are usually devastating results and to support them to."
Fear of nüksetme again on the quality of life of people, in quite a negative effect yaratabilmektedir.
There is evidence, together with the use of aspirin ticagrelorun, previously a heart attack who think we repeat heart attacks and is effective in reducing the risk of stroke.
Ticagrelorun temporarily proposing that, for it to be presented to the thousands of people waiting for treatment rather than forward to the increased its options.
Ticagrelorun etkililiği and information about the safety of its three year exceeds the risk of bleeding -- limited to guiding the draft did not propose this after a period of treatment.
PC culture, Muslim areas has increased its vote
The former Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman, the government last year after the report was removed from due to corruption
The devastating presented today, according to a recent report from the government, this is the political culture, Muslim topluluklarında widespread vote fraud is the pattern of the trial.
The second former Cabinet Minister Eric disappeared, "ethnicity and religion on the extreme sensitivity due to the" election suistimaline view of the evidence that the police treatment of the municipal election observers, and moved to the judiciary.
The former communities secretary, and today's anti-corruption tsar, intimidation of voters, religious grounds so bad a level of course, fearing that the police to protect the voters to vote for kabinlerinin be allowed to draw the strip out of both, he said.
They vote, voters to prove their identity, and have a place to send their position.
In the current case, the name and address to tell voters is enough.
The report, by those votes were twice in the time to vote for the prevention of permanent ink sürülmesini parmağa even suggests.
The second of those terms, Eric, a better way must be preserved, he said.
He documents the board, unofficial or in the committees and working groups on decisions in terms of providing access to better than called for.
"This arising in the elections only to defend themselves, but also the local government at the same time, his hand towards a culture of corruption and tax fraud also aims to protect," he said.
The report, the Tower Hamlets in East London's votes after the scandal was prepared a warrant for Downing Street.
Last year, a special election tribunal, renewed corruption and illegal practices after the mayor, Lutfur Rahman, has decided to resign from.
The court, Rahman, of the Muslim community, religious feelings "utanmazca abuse" and knocking him on charges of racism and İslamofobi susturduğunu plates.
Rahman, "Muslims voted to give his campaign the faith of a religious mandate is based on a place as this."
Up to 300 of the game or the use of fake ID şüpheliydi başkasıymış - that is, such as stopping the use of votes.
Eric, the second day of fraud across the country, said there was evidence of that.
He, especially with the postal votes of for corruption, warned that the Muslim community here - the elderly individuals on the island of their choice for granting the vote that it was the pressure.
Eric, the second of those who walk to prove identity bulundurmasını that includes a way for some of the voting system in the, on the
The report included the following statement: "Some of the ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, including a valuable move out of Pakistan and Bangladesh origin, especially the elderly, the will of the appropriate direction; he pushed for the vote, there was evidence that is implemented.
"State institutions ethnicity and religion against excessive hassasiyete" based on political truth "because of the behaviour of this kind of view of others, that was a big concern."
Postal vote with Eric, the second political evraklarını restored to "vote" for the collection, which includes explained, taking the processing system for regulating the way in which the 50.
The report surveyed by Theresa May, at the same time the election kütüğünün immigration and welfare fraud in a bid to prevent the use of the recording also calls for tighter controls.
Voters prior to the vote put the requirement to show ID, has been taken into account.
Anyone who has two votes for people to vote for the prevention of permanent parmaklarına until after the implementation of the ink.
To determine whether people vote to give uygunluğun nationality regarding the systematic checks to be carried out.
With the use of automatic postal votes for the implementation of the demands of a three-year limit.
Workers and the kind of political campaign, complete with orders to be sent postal votes and sent the vote zarflarını processing had not been banned.
The police, he was given the authority to strip the scope of the chamber.
As part of the Representative of the People Act 1983 terrorising the people in charge to ease is due to be changed.
Photo kabinlerinde vote to be illegal in the region.
(With the exception of Wales vote kabinlerinde use only in English) put the condition.
The voters of the staff entrance into the isolation of the cabinet that the strengthening of the rule that the decisions of the training yaptırımına.
The second Eric, Tower Hamlets vakasında would hurt any charge, saying it is "interesting" fiercely criticised the task force.
"The election tribunal, Lutfur Rahman and representative for renewed corruption and illegal activities on his name, decided that they don't have," he said.
With him, citing a number of reasonable suspicion that beyond -cezai delilin nature -- was found guilty.
He also took the municipal palace that is "effective electoral registration departmanlarındaki kutucuk also criticised the raids" docking.
The second Eric Tower Hamlets, said: "At the end of last year, a court ruling alarmıydı warning.
Our nation promises to establish gurura anasını parliaments, although it has this alarming and secret election the facts, and it took some institutions had rejected this may be why the good reputation zedelenmesine.
Kate's Rio de Janeiro Olympic cyclists and other similar Oyuncularının beech, famous for the crazy
This week, the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Olympics enthusiasts, Cambridge Düşesine impressive the way it has been proved to be a French cyclist letters Ferrand-Prevot taking care of business.
However, 24, the Olympic athlete, competing for a gold medal this summer, while noting that the only ünlülere similarities with the athletes, but we at least think such social media.
For this reason, the Rio de Janeiro Games and ekranlarımızda simaların mark, we see all of the famous Hollywood ünlülerine andırmanın, FEMAIL looks like Olympic athletes beyond them a list of names.
A star in the United States: The wolf, and a member of the Team Men Okçuluk Brady Ellison (left), with Leonardo DiCaprio karşılaştırılmış since childhood
Kate's cycling part benzerine, in addition to many people in the online environment, Leonardo DiCaprio in a okçunun benzeyebileceğini ikizi showed up.
The United States Men's Team Okçuluk Brady Ellison, 1814, a member of the conference, which the film seems benzerliğini yıldızına photos were shown after Twitter shook.
Social media and the archer in this craze is the difference in him since childhood, or benzediğinin Leo acknowledged that only.
Brady, he told the Huffington Post: 'I am a hair and sakal except for very large, I don't think they are the same.
He's a handsome man, so I think it's mad.
At London 2012, one of the most popular karşılaştırmalarından and no doubt as more this year, and the fact there are more similarities, which will attract a British long jump: Greg Rutherford's athlete of the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris in the incredible similarities.
Russian gymnast Alija Mustafina of he and meaningful, large eyes with the American artist of Cuban descent into the Estefan's face to face similar safe.
Havuzda and swimmer, South African Cameron van der Burgh in years, Glee star Matthew Morrison for benzetiliyor.
Change: It is the user, Nathan's Başlangıç stars in the film, an athletic version of which is in the
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett dudaklarının kaşları one hand and because of the similarities to compare with each other for a long time.
The Russian team's silver medallist swimmer, actress AnnaLynne McCord cilde bronze the same with yellow hair, and while fans Takımından Nathan Adrian of the United States in the Joseph Gorgon andırdığını Levitt's athletic version, he says.
Harsh: The women's football star Hope Solo (left) and in 2010, the star Jennifer his soundtracks (right) and the way a face similar to have her
Not alone: One Twitter user, noticed the similarities to other people, it was very happy with her
The remaining in the air of a theory: It is similar to the user, the couple may be one reason behind the fact görünümde thinks
One Twitter user, "faced with the rest of the Hope Solo and Jennifer his soundtracks of the twin, such as he said he" carried to the site of the dam to happiness.
In reality the US football star and actress who played in 2010, similar to her and have hundreds of forms.
Other popular comparisons between Kerri Walsh-Jennings with actress Laura Linney's are almost the same gülümsemesi with another gold medal gymnast Gabby Douglas, the star of the film Fever Youth with Gabrielle Union looks like a linking of the major gülümsemeleri interest.
CBC Olympic spikeri, such as pork in China is that died in the apologises for comments
Shortly after, 14, of Byron Yanhan Ai's 4x200 metre freestyle race dördüncülüğüne that analysis, the CBC's Olympic broadcast live on Wednesday, he made a very angry
Canadian broadcaster CBC, spikerlerinden women, 14, of one of the worst in China is a curious as to hide where they are in the race and died, such as in the pork in the comments that were forced to dilemeye due to an apology.
Broadcaster says Byron, the women shortly after the race in the final of 4x200 metre freestyle flag of their own ideas to explain when mikrofonunun thought it was closed.
The CBC broadcaster says his team's color, shortly to be involved to that of the remarks as the general was heard: Small, 14, in, in the Chinese heavy çuvalladı bebeğim.
Too bad, like a funny heyecanlıydı swept like a pig and left for dead.
Teşekkürler for that.
China's Ai Yüzücü Yanhan (14), the second leg of the flag race with a time of 1: 57.79 for finishing the Canadian Taylor Rack's 1,61 seconds behind China with the difference between kapatabilmesini Kanadalıların.
The Canadian audiences due to the language and tone being used, the press, after it was quickly moved
"CBC spikeri Macfarlane teenager, 14, just before he died, such as in a pig, is it possible that the???? The form of tweets.
Still, I have returned, he was not aware of the publication in the country.
China's Ai Yanhan, 4 x 200m Freestyle Flag Yarışında: Currently, 14, are set in the small Chinese heavy çuvalladı bebeğim, in.
Twitter is also very strong and rapid criticism about the way shortly to enjoy himself, was released, and many of the informative nature you will
Twitter users, Byron Macdonald are indifferent as much of themselves when he acted tutamadı
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis, wrote: '# ByronMacDonald Vay.
CBC and Canada represent missed and appearing to why we all racist. # midebulantısı oluyorsun.
Soon after, the CBC's special agent Scott Russel shortly for the commentary, said in an apology: 'Swimming race related to broadcasting for the comment, sorry.
These are indeed elected kelimelerdi debut, such an incident, because we are in a sorry.
CBC, comments in response to the tweets from people who make at least 90 times more excuses her final
Another broadcaster says Scott, who, in the name of Russel shortly after he was forced to pay an apology
Shortly afterwards the CBC's comments taken by carrying more than 90 Twitter users this apology kopyalayıp yapıştırdı
The network was quickly issued a statement apologising.
This statement was made by the broadcast, and they have given us that we would like to express sincere pişmanlığımızı.
Yesterday evening, the publication, in the media, Social izleyicilerimizden takipçilerimizden diledik apology rapidly.
Of course, we would like to explain, Byron's comments are personal, not linked to the performance.
At the same time, they are quite inappropriate and an unfortunate way elected kelimelerdi and Byron also told a very sad.
On Thursday afternoon, shortly after publication, and also apologized, saying he did not want to make a personal attack on the words of this defence measure.
He is in the CBC's Olympic broadcast yesterday evening, the women's race after a flag I did want an apology for the comments, he said.
He is in the house, not in reference to bulunuyordum performance.
There is no need to say more, didn't want to disrespect, and very very sad.
Primark customers back in store, umarsızca deneyen group outrage women's underwear
Primark customers, a woman in the middle of the shop floor to check külot bilemedi what to do when he put on his.
Even worse, how the woman in charge was going looking, and again pulled out of Europe.
And we have a later Folkestone Bakınmaya in Bouverie Place shopping centre, he tried four pairs of underwear.
The woman before the restructuring will be left without any place in Folkestone experimented with külot Bouverie Place shopping mall, located Primark mağazasıydı
At that point, in a shop, a mother of two Jenny Davidson, mysterious women in domestic çamaşırını of trying again after giyindiğini stores without doing nothing and that's official.
He said: 'People in inanamadı shield.
Back in the shop, and stopped, got a külot vitrinden külotlu çorabını pantolonunu and after revealing the Court.
To do it in a private place to search for all that, there is a centre in all saygısızlığıyla.
When I got him everyone while in külotu külotu like them again because of him and put it on the shelf.
Anything that beğenmediğine until we tried and three more washing giyinerek broke out again after more stores.
It is not in itself a fan appeared on later and experimented with külotları düşünmüyordu people to buy in.
Ms Davidson, who lives in the village of the city (33), said: 'Someone else it was a dirty, and did that in the home of one of the külotu what has become so disgusting.
This incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: 'Staff, but only after he had taken out of the sale by finding clothes I think which is good, the situation in the country.
In a new home, when I take külot külotu yıkanmadan dressed someone else has done, and for me to think that it would be "very bad indeed.
A Primark spokesman said: 'On Tuesday (9 August), Primark in Folkestone mağazamızda haberdardır held in the incident.
The relevant products, from the sale.
Krav Maga, with armed attacks against koruyabilirsiniz how it feels
The outside world is pretty dangerous Dailymail.com's proposals, however, this video can help you feel better.
Located close to the top could learn how armed soyguncularla for New York-based Krav Maga Federation chief master Rhon Mizrachi we spoke with.
To you, be it in the back or front yaklaşılıyor, regardless of the situation, this video will show how soyguncunun çevirebileceğinizi against.
Yaklaşıldığında Mizrachi, you in the back of the first, who should you come in and you see yüzünüzü saldırganı boşaltmanız says he is in the line of fire.
Later, the weapon with the preliminary kolunuz omzunuz between dirseğiniz vuracaksınız boştaki, keeping with the surface.
The gunman later kasıklarına attığınızda knee pain will be doubled, and at this stage it can receive weapons and are putting the gun turned to him with the gun, even though the namlusu faction in the background in a way that he came to vuracaksınız will remain above.
The armed people front approached in such a technique applied to draw the gun fire lines; vücudunuzu buzmi and gunmen fired çevirirsiniz familiar way.
At the same time, by allowing weapons ağırlığınızı saldırgana breast from the region as well as taking the gun and the weapon from her turn doğrultarak gerilersiniz takes him.
That sounded like he is?
Mizrachi's know how to take photos to see if he makes it, dispose of the mind.
A Krav Maga, however, point out that; if you're not a master of every soygundan, in order to avoid the safest way would be to give your money soyguncuya.
Traveller Ian Wright travel guide for language in Europe took their dirty
The British traveller in Europe, some of the most dirty and disgusting displaced yalayarak öğürme refleksini immune system and has put a serious.
The author of the tour, Suffolklu Server and Ian Wright (51), to prove the power of the immune system of a language, a Euro banknotu Piccadily Circus tırabzanı tuvaletinin düğmesi siphon, a train and a ankesörlü telefona in Russia, he said.
Each object yalamadan him before us, and what kind of job bulaştığını lüminometre used to point out.
However, The Lickhiker 'Guide to Inner Strength, which will be transformed into a movie called the experiment, with some surprising results.
Used by thousands of people with the idea that a siphon düğmesini trendeki yalama though it is in fact a very disgusting kitchen lavabosunda much more bad bacteria exist.
Mr Wright, in Europe during his stomach bakterilerinin increase and health related to doctors and medical professionals talked to.
Luckily, yaladığı mouth that left a bad taste of anything, except for the countries.
Mr Wright, the world of weird and wonderful things and more to the diet midesinin was identified when the test.
General tırabzanlardan sifonu toilet train stations as broad as aralıktaki düğmelerine this term, he is certainly the immune system testing
The film, about the same time, he said: 'Let me Çocukluğumdan sağlığıma since I was one of many who noted, and most of them were abandoned and singing solucana so much in ağzıma soktum in.
The importance of the film for the duration of this clear, why has it.
The only thing Russia rejected, in a dirty public tuvaletti.
Lüminometre Sürüntü example of 4,000 units on the census showed.
By comparison, if necessary, be done; the new yıkanmış hands, that figure must be under 60.
However, in the hands of the 60 new yıkanmış lüminometre while under 4,000 units on the census yalamayı when he was refused a Russian public tuvaleti
Mr Wright and Finnish dairy producer Valio, shower, such as the number of bacteria at different places showing The Lickhiker 'Guide to Inner Strength, a tour produced by film took over
He let me in the film, said: 'This is a tuvalette kokladığım close to one of the worst things in.
There is nothing more than that dirty!
Yalamayacağım İçerisi disgusting than anything.
The 'Guide to The Lickhiker Inner Strength Valio, the Finnish dairy producer, along with the government.
The company, Mr Wright told laktik bakterilerinin acid in the stomach, as well as help strengthen the immune system and bacteria, C and D vitaminleri Gefilus containing Valio, respectively.
The Valio, fruit and New Suları Atıştırmalıklar Kategoriler Division Senior Vice President of Niko Vuorenmaa Tüketicilere said: "Let me really, we wanted to offer something new.
İzlemesi probiyotiklerin is impressive, and, at the same time, it's one thing to announce the benefits.
"At the end of the arayalım Ian let the surface, the idea of" many crazy brain surrounds us.
Interest on the health of the stomach has become a global phenomenon they claim
Instead of talking about the products only products much more context to put on a daily basis; we wanted to play good and bad bacteria, and this is the importance of the health of the stomach connected with the immune system.
Interest on the health of the stomach is becoming a global phenomenon with consumers and this documentary this interest is related to the situation in a way that more information verebilecektik.
At the same time the film is great I think it shows that we have a laugh, that's why!
The film, who led Tom Hakala, added: "We have shown in the film, Ian; it's disgusting Russian tuvaleti I wanted some things such as yalamasını yalasaydı kaybederdim honourable against him in.
Some things as natural for Ian yalamak easy, even if some of them are quite hard.
The actions of some of these creatures yalama noteworthy is how I feel.
Valio in 2015, according to a survey by 84 per cent of the respondents laktik bakterilerini ilişkilendirdi stomach acid with health and 58% de laktik acid bacteria containing products, at least from time to time used, he said.
Ahead of the release of family maganda Saltash, Cornwall, social residence has been destroyed
The family of a maganda korkuttukları, their neighbours were evacuated on the grounds that the social cost of £50,000 worth of damage left the premises.
Shaun and his wife Tanya Skeldon Trebilcock after many complaints against them in Saltash, Cornwall more than the opponent.
Mülkten forced uzaklaştırıldıklarında, housing association officials that the property be, although the scale of it.
Hanging on the pavement was a big, big holes, where debris was removed boxes to box and yazılmıştı graffiti on the walls.
The family now after housing, were evacuated and private accommodation is thought faydalandıkları seçeneklerinden
Cornwall River Housing, manager of the housing situation kurtarılamaz McEvoy said of the fact that even though.
He said: 'This is a nightmare for those who really there and that people should not have to live this way, I think.
There's a lot that needs to be taken because of this property in Cornwall is now in many ways, which is not as a part of in the future.
This family have used the names and has been involved in a free of charge.
The occasional break raided the family living there was three, the son of the family in the street, according to police and the baseball sopasıyla nearby residents to fight, to make them, the sale of drugs, drug use and excessive bağırma küfrü debate, and that includes many awful behaviour is embraced.
In June, the rent is sözleşmesinde (47), which is called Skeldon antisosyal behaviour was given for the decision.
Many of the rooms of the house being considered the demolition of the old debris found
In the past, the sale of the drug were found along the pavement boxes to the property
Neighbours in the street, a fight that they have seen, and police have often expressed was recovered
Cornwall Housing taşınmaları voluntarily, as extended the deadline for 11 weeks after seeing him and her husband mülkten forced the release this week.
The release, and it was their life kabusa who have returned to the relief has been hailed by the neighbours.
One person said: 'No one was in them.
We live side by side with them for 20 years and it has always been.
Here, how many times you can police it söylesek.
On this morning, uyuyamadık in.
Very quiet because there are uyandık Association; we are not used to it!
Finally, they left now, everything would be wonderful.
Cornwall Housing in the neighbourhood of sanctions officer Adam Fitzpatrick, family is partnering with the local government official.
For 20 years the family, home, property and police often çağırılmaktaydı yaşamaktaydı
"Is on the side of the social house plants and trash dumped next to the former
He added: 'I have to himself and his family on his release Kiracının any responsibility; it is a shame really üstlenmemesi always Cornwall for the release of the latest Housing has always been used as an option.
Extreme behaviour than the level of evidence regarding the actions and the failure of the required level of scary because this was a huge vakaydı.
Ekibimin, Devon and Cornwall Police Forces and us to inform the brave efforts of members of the community that I quite appreciate.
This development will allow a certain rahatlamasını antisosyal davranışlara gösterilmeyeceğine tolerance and will result in a message that I hope that as the understanding.
Mr Fitzpatrick, who lives three property at different times, however, their son is 20 years old in the US, he said.
After the release of the cameras in one of the bedrooms of the house were left anywhere in a filthy bed
Yığınlarını housing employees will have to clear the rubbish surrounding the house
In 2014, the police property, they have 70 gramın tartılar on special items, cannabis, cash of £1,700 and found the money.
With the intention to sell Skeldon, agreed to plead guilty to one count of possession of class B drugs in the wake of sentence.
The money in 2013, Lee's son who died in a car crash in a tomb for Skeldon stone to get to use of time.
After holding the Evsiz now and his wife Tanya, Plymouth, on a private premises came back to it.
Most of the rooms of the house walls of graffiti.
Rent is a violation of the rules, police release kiracıları expressed will try to charge
Devon and Cornwall Police Forces tahliyenin Angela Crow, who continued to violate the rules for other tenants also said it was a warning to them.
He is in this, as they want without any ithamla davranabileceklerini wastes and the behaviour of this message and we will have to think about, "he said.
The Society to protect the partners who will continue to work with Devon and Cornwall Police Force and the crime never davranışlara antisosyal screen tolerance.
Kumsalın low-flying military aircraft through immediately seek to Portugal, which fell from terrified tourists
At Aveiro, Portugal güneşlenen tourists suffered the shock of their life,
The Portuguese Air Force P-3C Orion plane was flying very low
The air force, he said, is that this training flights, however, was not pushing for a safety risk
Kumsalın low-flying jet is full of tourists pass through it as soon as I started to panic.
The footage shows the Dramatic north of Aveiro, Portugal in the sand on the upcoming güneşlenenlere almost military aircraft is seen at the level of contact.
From their place among the clouds Holidaymakers Flock to correct what it was that the jet göremeden motors on the noise created by the dramatic duyduklarından way understandable concern.
The incident occurred near the city of Aveiro, yesterday afternoon, happened at Nova Costa.
Dramatic flight is operating close to social media, sharing a few tatilciden, one of Daniel Fernandes said: 'The two times I have to really well, and the lower at some point than to looked like.
Nuno Arroja Sörf added: 'I hope the oath and it felt like the aircraft to carry düşecekmiş in.
Tourists in Aveiro, karanlığın kumsaldaki through reports the plane was flying very low, when it was dropped
Today, the Portuguese Air Force P-3C Orion plane pilotunun fishing crew navigate uçuşunda trained to define them, and that's the only way to control the fly so much as it was announced that if they want to go.
Smoke from the fire power of nearby söndürülmesi görünürlük due to weak than fly fly more than usual on board the air force, said, however, that no one in the morning was pushing for a narrower at risk.
This summer, the main Portuguese force karasındaki söndürülmesi fires have destroyed quite specific parts of the island of Madeira, and four people have been killed in the country.
Today, the Portuguese air force pilot schemes that make conditions (söndürülmesi stemming from the force of the fire and smoke due to the heavy smog) will have to rise in the fly
The plane and training as part of a alıştırmanın uçuşundaydı pilottan istenmekteydi fishing crew could be seen
IŞİD girl from London who joined the student, was killed in Syria
IŞİD last year in London to take part in the British girl was removed from one of the three students who Kadiza Sultana's reportedly killed in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee, her family a few weeks ago the Raqqa in Syria, which he said had received information about the death.
ITV News reported on Thursday that he is strong, the Raqqa area in the country, the group announced a Russian air attack is believed to have been killed.
Sultana, 17 years old and damaged by war, according to his family, to get out of the country and plan to return to the UK for pre-schoolers, died.
"This is a situation Akunjee, others for a grave as stone and was really going to war zones is risky and that the people's choice in doing this we hope that discourage celebrates."
Sultana in February 2015 and the east of London, there are two students to go to Turkey a plane and then a bus to the border with Syria binmişti.
Sultana's family in Syria, a fighter with the wedding and IŞİD widow was staying was told that within months.
Reid, Clinton's requirement that the Supreme Court as the candidate from the Garland said he will not give up
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid and the Democrats, Hillary Clinton's presidential candidates, if the president of the Supreme Court Judge Merrick Garland for the candidate will also believes.
Re-established appeared, President Barack Obama tapped him in March since the moment the process of ratification engellemekteydi Garland's.
Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell, a former Supreme Court Judge Antonin Scalia to replace people choose a new president.
Reid on Thursday, in a video speech, Clinton was Garland's so much discord "and believes that the reasons for this country."
Later, speaking on behalf of Reid, a spokesman for the candidate with Garland that he agreed on these direct and spekülasyonda konuşmadığını with Clinton.
He praised the Garland and Clinton's team a new election was supposed to "disrupt" the current situation does not want to say.
Garland, the Columbia County, the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals.
Reid, Garland's nominated news, barring the Republican presidential candidates, Donald Trump's "yardakçıları yancıları" and "other countries."
Trump was not appropriate for the task, he said.
Treats, in as much as for men and for women, he said, he is a naked takvimden
The year 2017 Treats magazine, the 1970s for inspiration from the Pirelli calendar hazırlanılarak prepared a close working with the photographer David Bellemere.
However, the famous and the naked people, instead of 2017 NU Ilham Perileri calendar for a new generation of models, they are trying to find the ball.
Treats Steve Shaw, the head of the film earlier this year, the magazine, which is the highest rate since the former Playboy is different, because of the "Playboy" implied that it is for men.
I do it for women.
The weather clearly believes it is like that.
Shaw, in a press release on the timetable, "Men of the body, such as the women in this footage of the view of women as the source of inspiration for fashion bakabilmesi çıplaklığı classical, who did not return her to have to come back," he said.
The women, a beautiful works of art than it will ask to be part of the project.
Models online or as a photo it to Los Angeles and open in New York to join the talks.
The goal: Vinil who actually buy a record?
Lonely, middle-aged men bayılıyor vinile.
Under the alias TümYalnızOrtaYaşlıErkeklerÖyleDeğil magnificent hakaretlerde to deliver a comment on the episode before the start of this data is based on real beyanın söylememize allowed to get out.
According to YouGov, as many mentioned plakların, an issue on which the return of a physical object created by the innovation peşindeki Y generation, not a result of the middle ages nostaljisinin.
In the recent vinil buying the albums are mostly aged between 45 and 54.
In reality, the 18-24 age group is a little more.
It is also not only are in which meraklıların; emotional importance; purchasers are usually older vinil saklamayı has its own feelings of love (56% and 53%) and isolated, they will be enjoying (69% and 66%) persons.
But do the results of the YouGov's true?
This blog post, in a TV news cameras, it would be, in a crowded street of modest, stands in a number of grey with a thin, many are pitching before the gesture while ellerimi after opening to unite and I'd like to say to an authoritarian: "Then to follow the one given atalım."
At the time, a given atalım.
Slowly, in the centre of the unusual and affected by the release of the büyüsünü (once, where the buildings are now independent retailers, hotels, Eats Paperchases Prets and filled with) are still a few specialist shops in the current record.
Probably next, I would like to stand for some of the great kameradan; it is a sign of the close monitoring of men of different ages to get through and you just learn about emotional situations.
(Sister Ray from the Census data: The two young women, three middle-aged man) Reckless Records (data for the census: Eight middle-aged men, probably on his, the old woman) while I follow Stuart Glasgowlu (55), for a meeting in London, spent the afternoon treat, and a few trial to fill empty shops is taking into account.
He asked whether I was a collector.
"I think öyleyim," she says.
About 3,000 or 4,000 plağa I have.
That is above the official plaklar (official told me in an e-mail, sent him home so I never followed) at the same time the walls of rooms of the residence.
So many albums and singles toplamasının reason for disposable income, partly a result of; now the first when the money and can afford plakları in times and encouraging young people to buy a return to trading.
"Most of what Aldığım 60 in the room at the beginning of the end of the 1970s, when she was 11 or 12, I opposed things; olduklarım too young to buy," he said.
Bought a record keeping, who like to stay isolated people turned to become unlikely to qualify agrees and adds: "A lot of cigarettes, alcohol and get a içmem.
This is my bad huyum.
Sister Ray working in Wez (25), most of the customers who faced by YouGov thinks he or profile.
In the media, but he exaggerated reklamlardan hit by a new wave of winter, these are people who have come back to buy back the former plakları difference is the fact that the needs of the family.
I did the talks, normally in 1998 or 1999 people on their arm is over for it.
In the past, to buy the CD vinillerini plakları selling customers now to recover CDs have chosen to sell, "he said.
This reorganisation guarantees a certain vinili, young people growing up a little.
She said the alleged plakların or the importance of the emotional?
As a record store Phonica shops similar to certain people who made up the community it is a comfort to admit a few saniyenizi offers.
Wez, according to some of the older customers, especially temassız gücenmiş payment system.
Some enthusiasts said the digital world bunalmış vinil again calm, recalling memories of youth, and the familiar record kapaklarının can take refuge in its stability.
He says that "sometimes Wez; the reason for this is a void to fill or in the material objects may be seen as a kind of comfort."
I've given it a collector olduğumdan there and I think it is also slower than most.
This is an easy way to fill kafanızı.
A record of a scorching yığınından her colleague "Social workers are like," he said.
In April, a survey last month, vinil album more or less 50 per cent of dinlemediğini revealed the album yet.
At the same time, the poll found that 41% of a pikabı, I would have never been, and is, at 7 per cent out of the record çaları vinil even though it is bought by.
Haberin at this stage, probably by studying a series of bossa nova bestesini sergilerdim seemed very concerned.
"This return to the awards back in the direction of" Sounds of lost in the census (data): Three middle-aged man employed by Jonny (42), an element which make a difference.
"In the most recent one came to me and said:" Let me record çalarım rafımıza, however, there is not a moment to initially plağı "I want to get," he said.
This is a big yüzdeyi represented while there certainly reflect the current situation.
Higher yields, less music.
There are people who say, who said: "There is no record çalarım."
They are not elderly, young people, aged ten, who at the end of the matter, those new entry.
Now for almost an entire vinil, which set a strict Fopp vardığımda for I see that it is a fairly fluid.
In the US, I'm 70 years old photographs, tourists and young boys there are middle-aged women.
The atmosphere of the great mentioned above (the Wild Beast) in the last part of the loudspeakers sakinleştirici resting less sex instead of jazz and pop found in content, though it is good to see more diversity among customers.
Alone, however, does not look particularly Hiçbiri next to one of the 30 seconds that are bothering them stood for a long time the solution of the difficult psychological travmaları.
Elanora (27), on a few dakikadır Fopp geziniyor indirimdeki plaklara and taking into account.
In place of Harcama mostly just to address.
More kazanmadığından himself says he has an option to record collection.
Very expensive.
Bilgisayardan or other forms of music to listen to more easily but vinilin beauty... "sevdalı straying out, as is the one.
I don't know how really, there is no similar açıklayacağımı.
The latest durağım has inspired a new generation of vinil tutkunlarına Urban Outfitters: Said to a shop.
While inceliyormuş Kot trousers like a dad and daughter of a record çalar Crosley in the purchase of debate ahead of a deadline of Polaroid cameras gathered around a group of young daughter gözlemliyorum.
Left, Jeff Buckley, Adele, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac's plakları filled with a challenge of an average �; there is a must for the collection plaklar; a mix of modern and klasiğin.
No one has been; perhaps they just decoration is for the benefit of some of the above by dokunulamayacak.
"That's an artistic vinil."
This, however, subjects in the field, asking for more money to win, and less müşteriyi depths of complaints that can be sent could mean; there is no issue more.
Çoğundan more money and time, which has a demographic group vinil more luxury items, such as spending more money, it's not.
However, the results of the YouGov bulgularım, at least, the record shows that the number of correct mağazalarında; there are more, gerçeklikte mağazalarında record, or online forums and found women koleksiyoncular vinil tutkunlarını katmıyorlar into account.
These people are, quite possibly in schools and we are working hard.
These people are absolutely Thursday akşamlarını Berwick plakları mağazalarında record on the way, also introduced and then we have no news of him through the middle-aged men omuzlarının, 30, a fake television presenter bakışlarından geçirmiyor avoided.
Greenlandic shark in the world, the most lasting omurgalı living animal news - video
The people of Science, the shark has had on the way to 6 between the longest instance have announced that they do.
Working on the Sharks, the record holder Julius Nielsen 272 and 512, thought to be between the ages of five metres long, he said, is owned by a dişiye
A French court, Jungle refugee camp demolition of shops that offer rejected
In France, a court in the Jungle, tens of thousands of refugees living in the camp had a makeshift shops and a restaurant for Calais officials rejected the offer.
The court viewed this week's hearing, the Calais authorities within the camp of the state, so many people love the energy drink products sold part of his hair, or the equivalent of 50 cents (40p) tea or a few euros in return for basic food sold a total of 72 in makeshift shop demolition should be defended.
Calais, The New unpaid tax, the economy, and a parallel yarattıklarından barındırdıklarından on fire and hygiene risk for these sites are at the border.
Yardımsever groups, told the court the stores and restaurants is vital from the state, organisations and other groups in the camp offers free of charge in addition to the growing population was not enough for the company.
Makeshift shops and restaurants, often needed food and shelter owners argued that provides free of charge.
A court found in Lille, who runs the store in makeshift 72 people deported to Calais, however, there is no legal basis for Valisinin "completely understandable" concerns in other countries.
Judge Jean-François Molla bakkallar, cafes and restaurants, the "very dangerous circumstances" the people who only beslemekten takes on a much bigger role, he said.
These areas, refugees and volunteers have provided for comfortable meeting points.
The danger of Yıkılma, which is one of the countries, which is the nonprofit Children's Jungle Book Cafe, every day for 200 meals, offers lessons in English and French, and here gives hundreds of minors at the camp, the refugees sought refuge on the recommendations of the world.
More than 170,000 people, for children who have signed a petition to protect this kafeyi.
In a letter sent to the Guardian, the closure of some of the more "process for these children, who at the age of eight in a facia" will be safe.
The two charitable institution, Help Refugees L Auberge des Migrants and, on Friday, during the summer, after the number of the growing population of 9,000 varışlardan Jungle camp after the (so far), the highest number in which also predicted.
Fiji in the 2008 after the gold rush, the skill of those championships silver medal went to rugby
Great Britain has Rugby 7's Şampiyonasındaki impressive progress with Fiji, in the final on Thursday, the Rio de Janeiro Deodoro Stadyumundaki 43-7 after it was over.
Fiji, in every colour of the gold medal in the first Olympic medal for the line, to the contrary, the side step, support, the race for the lines and bracing skill on the muscle force.
After losing, which is not bad in the United Kingdom, many take consolation in the fact that a third of the day as the award received the silver medal and New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa, beating Thomas, 7, at the opening of the Olympic tournament for working longer can be proud of.
At the beginning of the day, in the semi-final 7-5 ezerek yendikleri Team South Africa can be found in the final, after them.
But even so, in the form of a Fiji team, he even yenebilirdi team.
Although it is believed many perhaps Great Britain at least one from Britain's gold medal takacağını tomorrow, having run out ': Top of the Fiji coach Ben Ryan, Wimbledon, coming from a British.
This is a big challenge of Great Britain was the journey.
Ryan, with eight road before struggling Adelaide Yedili kaybetmişlerdi Championships in every game.
This time, they lost just one of them.
Although this hezimet acıtıcı lives progress shown in shock really alarming.
Fiji, it's a start, the actors, the Great Britain has the ball in a failed through the field, is the second.
The Captain Tom Mitchell and his team for a series of moving between the bus and was like the World Series champions lifetimes, Osea Kolinisao köşeden acts -- that morning.
In the fourth minute, Jerry Tuwai falsolu right side faced with a number of other countries.
The game broke up, and Great Britain, it was almost more dokunamamıştı under fire.
Mitchell's wonderful as the Leone Nakarawa, by the intervention of the crowds to take to have a speech but it only delayed the number of Fiji.
Jasa Veremalua Seventh minute, right, and has scored köşeden 17-0 Great Britain fell back.
The end of the first half, only a minute away, Nakarawa, from the very beginning and made a number of more.
Later, some of the tough Vatemo Ravouvou interventions from the Great Britain where the number line for the next morning.
This team, with the break between the number rose to 29-0.
7 from Fiji to play for the championship of Great Britain was established a takımken, yet the foundations of the job was like trying to learn.
The situation is more or less everything.
Great Britain and the break between the major change in the Fiji threshold closed; a full four minutes of the first half during which, according to a good but Josua Tuisova gelişmeydi on Fiji game with a perfect long as on stage.
Norton from Great Britain, for a time, and left to make the score 36-7 köşeden points to become fans of the game even though the song says, waved flags and dancing, who has been the South Sea Adalılarının.
Fiji's cheerful approach to those persons duymamak admire him really hard.
In the closing süslemeye Viliame Maa, both the Fiji game following the latest additions without taptı also.
Blow çaldığında Fijililer celebrations started and Great Britain stays in the locker room in a way that have suffered the way songs.
At the beginning of the day, Fiji, Japan in the semi-final 20-5, who beat Great Britain in a tough semi-final to South Africa with the face was there; the UK is the only one that has passed points.
Kyle Brown in the first half, the South Africa team that got Dan Norton added to the meteoric for involvement in the second half with the movements that morning.
Britain's first in 15 involved in Anthony's brother Marcus Watson's wonderful intervention with the victory and garantilendi silver medals.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, antrenörlerinin fight cancer inspired by taking the boat slid to victory
This is more of a gold medal in the men's emotional, and it will not be a major lot.
In the first movement, breathing is up to 220 azap sonuncuya after Helen Glover and Heather Stanning Estacio Lagoa, also underlined at the moment as soon as the difference can be much more meaningful.
As much as the protagonist kürekleri teknede even though two people; there was the sound of the three couples in the race this year, women in the UK, such as the first group of women to a higher level for the second successive gold Olympic medal in the process... Robin Williams voice antrenörleri teknede yankılanıyordu also.
It was quite Hakimiyetleri; this is their unprecedented, most yenilmezlik 39th in the series.
We, as a surface süzülen zarafetinde two wonderful athletes will look like this does not reflect the full nature of the win.
Each rowing gold madalyasının artımlı behind it, that makes the gains that we have a team of willing ellerden and no hands, 30 months ago she was diagnosed with cancer it won't live on as needed until it was announced antrenörleri were not effective.
And, just as its dokundular left.
Ameliyatla yakalandım mesane types which can interfere with cancer and did so.
If it goes, everywhere.
This would be a very bad situation.
This is implemented bakışınızı slightly to change.
Williams for the December 2013 identified as saying.
He is at the start of the 2014 season, with the exception of three, very fortunate for başlayabildiği treatment in such cases, it would be a true expression is protected in this way, the attention to dağınıklığı inebilecektir to a minimum.
That's why we had to get a payment you iyileşmem rapidly.
This is an incentive for me.
"Have a few steps and Hastanedeydim enough, they say, despite having 6, 9, 15 metres until yürüyordum.
Opened in this way.
Rowing to attract in its own right, but it has been a journey is a little problem.
After the victory in the minds of their own to deal with the concerns of speaking, to care a little more, which was a tense, Williams was in the morning.
Royal Tolci Topcu won in the League and the captain, who has previously gone to Afghanistan, "Stanning, who this week emotionally destroyed durumdaydım, perhaps a little too seriously, but it means a lot," he said.
For me, that's what it means, and Helen, myself and Robin's a lot of stress is trying once more.
Helen and Robin with the three years I was wonderful.
Robin without him and we are for this reason that we have the best coach in the world because it is the largest in a public want to convey to him.
Are working better for a person or a better coaching bulamazdım.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning in five years the race did not despair.
They had a tough ritim tutturmuş off-limits to their rivals.
Denmark and New Zealand in the last 500 metres when the struggling teams even Stanning and Glover's tükenmemişti force yet.
We should make the main kaptırmıştık then.
In the process, Helen izle izle sesleniyordu added in the process.
Kapılıp gitmemek is really important.
We had a good start, and also to do something incredible çalışmıyorduk.
Today, we have not only explosive fireworks fişeklerin will have won the race to win best rowing istiyorduk what you did that.
In the future, the pair before deciding what to do in a year will break.
Glover in the coming months, should get a wedding there; she and Steve Backshall maceracısı TV's chest.
Until now, it just wants to enjoy the moment.
This latest yarışım me to say that I didn't want to.
It's too much pressure oluşturacaktı.
In London, the difference that I'm an Olympic champion six ayımı I was born.
And it was a very very stresliydim yeniydi.
Here, this is about four minutes.
This is a much better feeling, "he said.
The Los Angeles Central Library's remarkable architecture is at the forefront of an opportunity to ordinary
At the heart of the Central Library's background information about the authors of the book now edinin; Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee and Architecture marks / Southern California from outside the meeting at a press conference: "Katılın Los Angeles Central Library: The History of Art and Architecture."
Gee and Schwartzman's 1926 Bertram Goodhue design, as well as the 1993 restoration and Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates conducted by the watchdog görsellerini discussions and share the budget.
The hall, which the Art Deco 3050 Wilshire Bulvarında Southwest Faculty of Law (former Bullocks Wilshire) name Moderne in the Salle 21 August: 14.00 - will be open from 6am.
The participants, the Central Hall, left off, and the Chamber of Commerce Kaktüs Odalarını Çay gezebilecek Chamber of Commerce.
Biletlerin must be taken in advance: Members of SCC / SAH wages to $15 and $25 for those who do not have to be a member.
DTLA found in an industrial area of warm is improving
The Los Angeles Central Library of the 90th anniversary of the founding of a book the other kutlanabilirdi suspicion?
8 Bulgaria Announces First Defa Aydır Değerlerini Inflation in Transition
In June, according to national statistics, the monthly inflation in Bulgaria was 1% higher.
For years, this is the highest value (June 2012) since last year, although positive 0.2 per cent since October following the value zero value on his first over.
By CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 to July 2016), measured by average annual inflation for the previous 12 months (July - August 2014 - 2015), compared with 0.8% at the fair.
July 2016 in the consumer price index 101,0% compared with June 2016, was 1.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation higher.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July through December 2015, 2016?) was the difference - 0.2% in July 2015 and July 2016, with the scale, the difference between the monthly inflation was 0.2%.
In July, 2016, compared with the previous month, the consumer product groups as follows: The observed rise in the price of food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transportation (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), various goods and services (0.3%).
Giyecek and shoes (2.2%), furniture, equipment and routine care (0.5%) and health care (0.1%) groups, prices fell.
Spiking Alkollü beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels the prices of communications and education; groups remained at the same level.
"Snapchat," Anime Efekti Karikatürü Eleştirildi as Asian
This filter for Snapchat esinlenildiğini animelerden protests in some observers that this racial terms duyarsızlık working.
Snapchat, the tool to look at every day with around 150 million users, changing reality provides oynayabilmesini absürt level should be able to.
It feels a ananasa, works in, or a Roy Lichtenstein resminden dönüştürebilirsiniz character.
Mercekler every day, with more than 30 developed özçekim araçlardır reckless, which is property.
The steps taken wrong kazılmaktadır recognition have been rapidly.
Snapchat Fresnel, in the past, black practice supported by rank or beyazlaştırılmış volumes as the ideal of beauty tonlarını karşılaşmıştı filed charges.
For this reason, this week, offering users çekik gözlü şişkin related contemporary and opponents of the coins, which makes the company due to the lens, some critics who karikatürize Asyalıları this under the guise of "Asian" a run for office.
And this renewed conflict with the company's diversity on a larger problem, if you ask for it.
News and anger on Wednesday, The Verge's Motherboard and spread with the news and feature a day after Snapchat announced that it has gone.
The company released a statement, which was: Asyalıların karikatürize anime, but to be karakterlere hürmeten was prepared.
However, the experience of racism, which monitors casualties, for this, getting acıtan stereotipleri recalled.
Other anime karşılaştırmasını kişilerse generally rejected it.
Korean origin, an American art student who wrote about and shared photos of the endless tweets in an merceğin Sparapani Grace, sarcastically, "the slightest pain and disturbing," he said.
"Poor Asian caricature filtrenin side by side with the effects of the comprehensive comparison when it comes to the discussion is hard, he added.
This is not the only Asian filtrenin guise, but also a humiliating level indicates that Asian guise.
Snapchat, the cultural tetikleyici mechanisms is not the only company that crosses.
The American culture, the institutions of the meeting of the cameras, and all of us are in the hands of Hollywood to the importance of diversity in many areas, and so falls on an endless conflict kapsayıcılık within the fund.
And Snapchat, have embraced the racial diversity of other young karşıtlarından a more broad mass it more volatile in the sky that might be interpreted.
On Thursday, during a recent interview with Katie, 25, Zhu merceklerinden, Snapchat's user name for one of the image, a small, "this kind of movements like it was believed the difference is much more difficult," he said.
On Thursday, the Medium working for a product manager and engineer, Snapchat account, Mrs Zhu, decided to turn and made the calls to everyone in this direction.
In an article he wrote for Medium, and over the phone in an interview, Snapchat race related to the conflict in hiring in the implementation of a diversity also believes that reflects on the shortcomings.
Mrs Zhu, the company made up the majority of white men, criticised his team leader with a label: Makalesini # SnapchatiSilin sonlandırdı.
An American of Chinese descent, Mrs Zhu among different races, "or the staff enough for his because there is no such decisions are not able to or working there and different, however, from the people, even if those people feel secure or comfortable hissetmiyor articulate," he said.
Other observers that he largely unanswered Snapchat's complaints about the talks about the legacy of this.
The company's staff, pointing out the situation of the private companies related to diversity among figures at the board.
On Thursday, Snapchat staff refused to share their racial, however, according to a spokesperson, shortly before the company was not a representation of popülasyonlara concentration, and to include the work of the inside in a bid to recruit sorumlusunu took over the region.
Mrs Zhu, in terms of their Snapchat account closed, he added, "and said he would not say what the right thing as we have more customers, I wonder whether he needs."
The base of the Congress, the military authorities, the Tahrif IŞİD İstihbaratını
In a report published on Thursday by a congressional panels, the United States of America, the Center for Command commanders in Syria, Iraq and Islamic State in the war against the war that a more optimistic picture of the events on the ground to point out that there are falsified intelligence reports.
It Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee, and Defense Committee Subcommittee Ödeneği Republican council heads, where a study prepared by a section of the report, the occasional Üstlerinin America will see the Islamic State forces has changed the Command Centre between intelligence analysts who said "it's a disappointment," found it.
Centcom, known as Command Centre, Tampa, Fla., based in the Middle East and Central Asia, which oversees American military operations in a military karargahtır.
The report, in a news bulletin, be established took part: "A senior Centcom approved by the leaders of the intelligence, the results of the United States as a typical terrorism prevention in the work of the facts on the ground that show a more positive picture çizmekte repeatedly and other elements of the intelligence community where analizlerden offers many more positive results."
Their Republican Representative Ken Calvert, "Centcom is unacceptable; what happened in senior decision makers to poor analysis units are going to be suffering from the fact that they were taking place."
Centcom failures in leadership at the highest levels between the two companies.
The 10-page report, the Central Command's of America that the Iraqi forces are training at the work of statement and that there is no taking part in the 2014 and 2015 in permanent problems in the details in the coup.
However, senior Obama administration officials that his orders to change reports that while there was no evidence the exact analizcilerin IŞİD and DAEŞ, also known as the Islamic State threat, that creates a more optimistic outlook about submitting Centcom açıklanmaktadır felt the pressure on the leaders.
In the first half of 2015, "the report said, many anticipated a press bulletin Komut Centre, congressional testimony and operational events only slightly more pozitifti guitar."
A Centcom official; for example, the state's deficit of Mosul as a large military for a reversal of the attack until April or May 2015 to further could be done at a time when the early.
Iraq's second largest city, Mosul, and he still now manages it along with the Islamic State.
In Kansas, Republican Representative Mike Pompeo's declaration of a "after it'll be weeks of research in a way, it is clear that the two things that seem to be". "
In the middle of 2014 at the end of 2015 to the middle of the United States of America's most senior intelligence leaders Komutasının Centre, in Iraq, the threat posed by the IŞİD irrelevant to be launched, such as the manipulation of the results of the intelligence commander.
Islamic State, has appeared on the intelligence analysts raised concerns that had been manipulated after we have created a working branch.
Merger crawl, released Thursday, finds much more comprehensive report is carried out.
By the inspector general of the Ministry of Defence, which has been another Centcom, there are also studying the intelligence.
The Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee on Thursday, the Republican who attended some of the conclusions reached by the labour arm of its own published his findings.
The approval of the head of the Democratic Representative Adam B. Schiff, a statement by the "Centcom between 2014 and 2015, and Iraqi Security Forces DAEŞ değerlendirmelerinde intelligence on the very narrow arm, a process that have taken place."
Mr. Schiff, according to this process is the publication of the results of the intelligence "delayed" morale among analysts, and the defect led to the "opposite views" did not provide enough space.
But Mr. Schiff, the White House and Democrats of the consequences of Centcom, "preset or the perception of political pressure on a fictitious" present a bulguya ulaşmadıklarını rejecting that sort of expression.
Preliminary results of the congressional incelemesinin on Tuesday by the Daily Beast.
Last August, The New York Times, the Centcom statement by analysts after complaints of a Pentagon inspector general incelemesinin al-Aqsa is available.
Top lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, as a statement by the inspector general of the Department of Defence in the process continues, incelemesinin congress would not comment on a report that the expression.
He, however, in some cases, "the experts to interpret complex data and intelligence community düşebileceklerini in agreement with the Ministry of Defence this important national security concerns related to a healthy dialogue supports," said.
The research, in Iraq and in Syria, America, led by the bomb attack operation will continue with the problem that he did not echo uyandıracaktır (this is beyond any of the more official defence put forward by a savdır).
However, the charges were announced last year, President Obama's Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other parts of the crisis for military operations in the Command Centre for honest assessments of how or whether there have been revealed.
Islamic State, Centcom yansıtılmasına intelligence has been criticism that the intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker's President George W. Bush, many analysts, despite the administration's opposition to a small force in Iraq in 2003, and advocated bulundurulmasını occupied tally was not enough, wrote an article in which he said he was not considering place and started being discussed for over a decade.
Mr Hooker and, at the same time, Islamic State intelligence related to isyanda also played a key role in a major.
The authorities, Mr. Hooker's team last year, despite public statements to the contrary in the hands of the Islamic State possessing rafinerilere conducted airstrikes against oil on the black market to sell the interim refineries have built a comfortable, the terrorist group's financial resources on which voting concluded that had made it.
However, The Times's in September as the finding is never out of the Command Centre.
It was then the Centcom General Lloyd J. Austin III, the Senate last year, many in the statement of the law of war, a very positive koyucu assessment is viewed as a criticism.
In April, retired General Austin Komutaya Centre, which replaced her and General Joseph L. Votel people.
Britain and the United States drafted Karşılaşmaya Çim Women's Hockey Team Wins 4th Arkaya victory at the back.
Katie Bam, Japan out of a 6-1 galibiyette having three goals on Thursday, a day after the 3-0 victory over the Americans in the India match, the United States women's hockey team scored the first two grass.
Five goals in two matches, a catchy skill requires seem to be Bam (27), the same thing and before that he was not sure whether yapmadığından.
"No I don't have him," he said.
I'm not sure where they were holding Gollerinin registry.
It is now known that the Americans: The Olympic tournament leading 4-0 and 2-0 in Japan on Thursday after defeating unbeaten as on track to the UK with our first place in the group.
Britain and the United States of America on Saturday, in the first round of the past will face off for the game.
Both teams won the right to appear in the quarterfinals, and the game was the first of six group matches and takımlık who will determine who will finish second.
The team, who finished first in the group matches, as many as a quarter of the group to another when the legs of the leader of the powerful Dutch team with little more than a face with us.
However, the Americans after the match on Saturday, when the last of the 12 teams at the London Olympics, citing progress after a surprise here.
This takımdaydı Bam.
He Blue Bell, Pa., grew up in the grass than hockey; 3 years old when the first hands (twin ablaları Drexel ilgileniyormuş) in this sport and the team, joining the national team at the age of 16, the youngest player in the competition.
The latest missed the 2008 Olympics for kadroya could not enter.
Later, he and his teammates had gone for most of 2012, it does not.
The next year, a British coach Craig Parnham and took over, things began to change.
"A Cultural Bam change, a change of mental, physical changes," he said.
Now in London, such as working.
We've been completely transformed.
Thursday night, Bam closely, a reverse of the first half, with the number of strokes in the first place.
India is still in the tournament but the team failed to win a surprising level of activity, citing Bam's third quarter when activated as the score 1-0 to the Germans.
Sahanın performed the ball a long race, and has subsequently found reading the ball in, and we bring a lead 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez, right in the middle of the fourth çeyreğin has taken the last goal.
This, the first three came one by one to score that allows the United States of America, Briggs's goalkeeper of the tournament, scoring the first maçtı yemediği.
A chance to open.
Bam's is.
Parnham "at this point, we're good," he said, however, that this site as well depend on the outcome of the match on Saturday.
Olympic Hırsının Dinginliği Trambolin At
If you see, where, no matter how many hours the Olympics continues.
Events in Rio de Janeiro, competition and a packed with ambitions to work represents, and it was as if at all, such as not going either kaçınılamayacak.
Olympic torch at him, then delivered triatloncuya jimnastikçiye swimmers who died like a baton.
Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos on the back and forth between television izleyemiyor something without the instructions or in the newspapers, a café komşunuzun veremiyorsunuz listen to what.
There are also Dooley and Logan.
For the first time at the Olympics, and Mr. Dooley sponsorluklar öğütleyen always make you feel good TV ads between being a swimmer or gymnast, gamzeli fencer, such as a heart shot suffered a prime time earlier in the day, is one of several names could be shown.
However, the Lake Forest, California from Mr Dooley (28) at the Olympics trambolinde struggles to a gold medal.
Olympic alevi aydınlatmıyor equal level of each event.
I made far from universal in the shade, as does not list, in part because there are eagerly atıcılığı: Air rifle, shooting, badminton, taekwondo.
Always the breaststroke, will be with us for a long time to be the '.
However, as the most personal, honest belirtmem sevdiğimi trambolinin büyüsüne I would like to draw attention to the secret.
As much as the Sydney games trambolin's performance since 2000, as an Olympic event is known for 16 years, even if you say it's a handful sorduğum Olympic sport that it's varmamıştı.
This could be a regional ignorance.
The United States of America, the contest for the medals trambolinde sends athletes ever to 2012 in the final curve and a rising competing in the case.
In the men's awards, the Chinese and the Russians, the Chinese and for males and eğilimindeydi "to share.
Dong Dong from China and Canada, MacLennan Rosie this year in London, will seek to protect their gold medals.
However, as the event site mazlum trambolin notes; in part it is because we will not kulaklarda palyaço instead of the Olympics could be judged that the school received.
Experts admit that they are not here, there are only issue I etmeliyim.
There is the potential for a Komik (never sonlanmayan titreme cartoon replica created by the like), but basically it's a two sports, gymnastics and also reflects the zarafetini dalışın.
"The word" trambolin trampolin, Spanish hands, but come on; this is the meaning of "" the golden.
The candidates for a great champion trambolinde windfall of nearly 30 feet high jumps on the ground, and they have a range of strokes, pike and movement (burkma salto) had to make for them.
According to the official Olympic programme and challenge the executive, "" according to değerlendiriliyorlar lag from the flight.
From 17 countries in Rio de Janeiro, 16 men and 16 women, including two athletes will compete in three decades.
The Olympics is the most viewed progress directly to that one.
To get a gold medal, that may in some cases umanlar finish to the point that back, and some more movements, more or less, is that they do not, faster and more çıkmalı more or less.
Only the finish line at the beginning or in the wall, are not seeking any other publication on TV at the same time there is a difficult line; the world or Olympic record.
This ardent imrenilesi noble effort, and even the extreme levels of; even brought up a boğmak enough for.
However, this is exactly what the Games while the qualities I had slight exhausting.
All of them for a moment, trambolin verebilmenizi provides.
Trambolindekiler more or less the right thing on.
The goals that are not in the running.
More or less correct sıçrar, such as the lack of an astronaut, a side more or less interest, more or less, and more or less interest zahmetsizce again.
Of course, the challenge is not in competition, or was not, however, to achieve outcomes during routine work, a trend away from kaybolma, but just imagine the time and gravity, such as the suspension of a smooth way.
An Olympic race rather than resting resting so if ever.
Women rank and then finals Friday afternoon in Vancouver East saatiyle 13.00; men in 13 again on Saturday.
A day's, both in the final of the afternoon, as the bloc will publish starting from 14.00.
In the middle of the Olympic çılgınlığının broke out in full view of the general, quiet and which can lead the moment is great.
Awareness and The Wall Street Journal, according to the United States of America jimnastikçilerinin men as they have only a short time ago and given süzmek nesneleştirmek artacaksa for male athletes by offering, Mr Dooley's new fans to be able to say that he expected.
For a long time to the United States in Ethiopia to levy Protestoda "" in a Generation
Protestolar İçeren Violence in Ethiopia
Ethiopia at the demonstrators who are calling for political change, the government has faced with violent resistance.
Şahitler, a large number of protesters killed in clashes with the police that she hits the deadly weapons.
Ethiopia crumbling?
Over the past decade, Africa's most stable uluslarından and one of the fastest growing economy in the Western allies with a solid for the day.
However, in the last few months of anti-government protests, with every day more shook the country by creating in the region.
Only last week, thousands of people on the street having requested a fundamental political change.
Human rights groups, according to the Government's response is pretty acımasızdı.
Şahitler, several police officers hitting and killing unarmed demonstrators, he said.
Since the end of last year or the beginning of the year, which was thought to be a protest against the wall there are young people should keep their hands dayayıp kırbaçlayan seen security officers.
At the highest level, the United Nations human rights official, now in a thorough review to be held.
A research group, which the International Crisis Group project director for Somalia Peninsula Rashid Abdi "this country together to keep every time it was hard to move on, and it will be much harder," he said.
After Nigeria, Ethiopia, Africa's population is the highest uluslarındandır and stability is appreciated by the West.
The American military and intelligence services, particularly in the region, including Somalia to fight for terrorist threats and work closely with the Ethiopians are conducting, and in Africa, from the West this level there is very little help heal the country.
Ethiopia's economy, growing by an impressive manner.
The effective iyileştirilmiştir Altyapısı; the capital, Addis Ababa at the even if there is a new commuter train.
And the streets are quiet, safe and temizdir usually.
Ethiopia as much as the best example of democracy in sergilenmese (and human rights groups have repeatedly referred to the government's repressive stance of opposition within the country, there are), it was pretty effective susturulmaktaydı opponents.
Most of the exiled, jailed, killed or driven to the most remote köşelerine 3rd.
That, however, may be about to change.
Central Ethiopia from a university professor, "Teshome boğar Seyoum and the deployment of the people to give them another option sunmazsanız, these events of interest". "
If youth is completely protest.
A generation of protest.
Land use of the governing coalition force so many complaints about the pressures imposed by the current.
Last year, after the election, which has been quite the governing party and its allies, as one of the last to fill vacancies in the Parliament and no longer received 100% of the control to it.
In June, at the same time, hundreds of people were killed in the war, which led to the provocative and contentious line at the border with Eritrea, and tensions are on the rise.
Analysts say the Oromo Freedom Front or the Ogaden National Freedom Front in recent years, such as the elimination of this shield separatist groups claiming they should fear silahlanmasından türbülanstan again.
Kaynamakta under the surface for years, which is why the feeling pain now patlamakta announcing there are a few factors.
Seems smart phones: The first is innocent.
Cheap smart phones and internet service sağlandıkça yaygınlaştıkça, only a few years ago a large number of Ethiopian using social media began to establish communication.
The government has often been in protest, especially as they have access to the Facebook and Twitter kapattığında even if most people planned their position in the internet through servers caretaker kurabiliyordu communication.
A few young Ethiopian toplandıklarını in this way for the protests, he said.
Second, Ethiopia's two largest ethnic group, and the solidarity between Oromolar Amharalar also rose.
Oromolar Amharalar and is not normally an ally.
For a long time, Ethiopia's dominant as a Christian, and the mountainous regions of Amharalar policy that created most of the Muslims in the building, and the flat arazilerde Oromoları abuse in the first place.
But that is changing.
A leader of the Oromo Mulatu Gemechu gather under the umbrella "in a commerce to work harder," he said.
The biggest protests Amhara and Oromo areas.
Most of the Amhara, Oromo and Ethiopia's population, about 6% of the residents who make and the military, intelligence services, trade and the Tigrayan, dominant in policy by members of the ethnic group, were defeated in a way which is not fair.
The third reason is the underlying discontent Meles Zenawi was the death of.
The former leader of the rebellion in 2012, Mr. Meles an undisclosed illness caused by 17 years before Ethiopia's prime minister in 2001.
Everyone has to see a specialist, which was tactical.
Analysts, especially as the first signs of unrest to identify and to etkisizleştirme teskin opponents and says he is an expert on.
"The current conflict analyst Mr. Abdi do not have the knowledge it is the regime," he said.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn to replace Mr. Meles relatively declared that he was elected to fill.
Northern Ethiopia's Tigray region from Mr. Meles, in contrast to Mr Hailemariam güneylidir.
Analysts say that he is controlled by Tigrayanların says he managed to get the trust of the security services.
As a result, more fear came out with more blood.
Ethiopia's this kind of confusion about the recent experience in 2005, many thousands of people, the government built the analysts said after an election after protestosuydu theft.
Önlemlerde who follow him, how much less than last month, although many protesters were killed and that this period of turmoil in the relative as early as the second.
Development experts, Ethiopia's leaders, such as a new commuter train infrastructure planlamaları vision and made significant progress on fighting poverty to move on.
That, however, is the need to increase against the government of Ethiopia kinin durdurmadığı open.
And this is dangerous and ethnic.
Last month, a Amhara, protesters in the town of Gondar Tigrayanların, owned businesses, and attacked the Tigrayan hatred has been on the rise in social media.
The protests, analysts say, the United States and other Western allies in a strange situation, she said.
America's government in neighbouring Somalia, Ethiopia on the unmanned aerial vehicle being used as a base for flight; however, shortly before the closure of the base this year.
The West clearly wants to promote democracy in a region already fragile this müttefikinin also does not want to break up.
"This," Mr. Abdi said the company was "very fine a yarn as we're going on."
Donald Trump, the Obama's IŞİD Kurduğu Yönündeki İddiasını Alaycılık Announces as ""
Donald J. Trump, on Friday, a couple of times last week defended President Obama and Hillary Clinton on the Islamic State terrorist group, "the founders" claim that it is not serious about the latest conflict, saying that the campaign sought to eliminate.
This explanation, the Republican chairman of the candidates for the American people and the ability to communicate clearly about raising new questions.
At the same time it creates chaos to defend our best in the process, it also implied that the company who named this property in the process, they are trying to explain that he is not in a strange position.
Mr Trump, on Wednesday night at a rally on Thursday after it was this önermede conflict even more kuvvetlendirerek in interviews he and Mrs Clinton's IŞİD implied that they would indeed have been pushing for.
On Friday, however, early in the morning on Twitter, Mr. Trump said gönderide, testified that there were only a cynical.
Mr Trump Gönderi, in an interview with a series of charges that it is serious about the expression, a day before the full back has taken a decade.
Hugh Hewitt, the conservative radio programmer from Mr Obama wants to destroy the IŞİD recalling Mr Trump's comment yumuşatmasında denediğinde to help him, the Republican candidate for vice president, replied that he did not.
Mr. Trump, a decline in the polls while trying to change the focus away from the campaign after the latest tangle emerged.
Mrs Clinton and Mr Trump, in Michigan this week with conflicting speeches on the economy.
On Friday, Mr Trump on, and asked to return to the issue.
However, on Twitter, Mrs Clinton's speech, and that he would increase taxes for their alleged that boring.
Mr Trump alaycılık his defence and before anyway.
In late July, Mrs Clinton's, that the Russians have been pirated in the attack be found recommending a picture of a year since a major criticism karşılaştıktan after his comments, "of course, we do it in a cynical way," I said.
This approach, Mr. Trump's speech and the limits of political zorlamasını back to take action where needed.
Both candidates in the language used by the monitor, a communications specialist Ruth Sherman "It is certain the messages he saw him by supporters react to the test, claiming a reaction depending on" the Hill "in a way which gives an explanation of the order," he said.
But at the same time, it may now be knowing that gives a different perspective and merceklerden filtrelenecek unsure he knows.
The drop in the polls recently after the general election, Mr Trump to soften the mood for audience instead of the much more aggressive stance on the matter.
In Friday's new / Wall Street Journal / Marist survey, Mr Trump's North Coraline, Virginia and Colorado in Mrs Clinton's quite is behind and Florida, also showed that the current tight race.
As much as Mr. Trump for which he said provocative things usually kaçınsa launch an apology he feels like the words "is or mizahını accuses anlamamakla.
However, the presidential campaign in recent months to examine the much more exposed to Mr. Trump's şakaları how provocative comments, even though the sector is to support him in case of the remaining loyal supporters in a tight race.
Former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Mr Trump's as one of the highlights of the supporters on Thursday in an interview with CNN, the candidate of the great lengths to defend.
Mr Trump's, Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton was established by the Islamic State that tezinin when asked questions about the accuracy of Mr Giuliani, "I think it's legitimate, political criticism is doing," he said.
In a way, Obama IŞİD ahead of a small, unknown to them, is completely brilliant bulanlar kuruluştu hatalıydı and soldiers in Iraq was due to step out of it.
Most of the highlights of the Republican, Mrs Clinton's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the Obama administration, the situation in the Middle East, with an aggressive way of coping with failure, and that has led to the development of the IŞİD trying to defend.
On Friday, ahead of the rallies will be held in Pennsylvania, Trump Twitter via the news media for each term çarpıtmak for being biased against him, and his name is continuing.
"Working on him in a state of disrepair, acınası" TV experts testified they cannot do this! "" He said.
Some Democrats, Mr. Trump's testimony bahaneyle put forward by this evidence that it was not appropriate to the presidency itself, he said.
Once, Principal Edemeyen Fiyatlarla Cafe in Greenpoint Bizimle Again
Williamsburg there are only working with the cash, which includes a shabby Verb Cafe Wi-Fi connections in specific to coffee offering is great for a period of 15 years.
Naturally, the Bedford Avenue in the store was unable to top prices.
In the summer of 2014 is in the position of the Verb Soap Cherie cap piece of sponge cake shop sells Sabunlar said.
The people of the region, it is the loss of the last nezihleştirilen crying at the same time.
The artist Molly Crabapple Twitter tells the New York wrote. "I know this is an important, yet the CBGB's, to the Chelsea Hotel and the Verb boşaltıldığına and the store is now a soap to believe that."
But New York is a change to the city again until the invention.
Last November, the Greenpoint, in the original position a little to the north, away from the more milden interpretation Verb opened Cafe.
The new Verb Cafe Wi-Fi connection and has credit card admits, however, some of the former employees and similar simple charm remains.
Coffee still on the good.
At the start of the new Verb café, a former long-term employee slot, owner and general manager of Cisco is Rodriguez.
In 2001, he joined the Verb and to the end of the process.
A customer of this new financing offering him a spot when the excitement will have to do it, he said.
Mr. Rodriguez (36), most of the same thing.
At the same time for the easiest Verb simitler, and uses the same, not as an espresso machine.
Even former Verb used in the restructuring of the lights here.
However, Mr Rodriguez, a bit different in that he wants to present experience.
New ingredients, he said.
The current and the menu sandviçler Pastırmalı-yumurtalı-ve-peynirli kapari sotelenmiş and also by the ingredients, such as onions.
There are kaseleri Esmer-pirinç.
It does, however, now Cafe beer service offers fresh juices.
Nine months later, Mr. Rodriguez, a former müdavimlerin was determined to not be done is the difference, he said.
He could "former müşterimiz de Williamsburg prices at the top could not," he said.
Last Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of the clients in this.
Ms Oliveira (34) and lives in Williamsburg in the Verb often crashed.
Go to the Greenpoint, even as they have on the way it did.
By the time Verb over a coffee break meeting.
"What the Verb Sevdiğim in coffee culture and I saw that," he said.
Again, however, now coffee and began the last day of the regular coffee instead of testifying in a new eklenti çiya who chose the mixture.
Another müdavim Tom Rosenthal, who regularly starting in 2003, it was in the Verb.
Do you think there before and has been in the country, verirmiş expenditure.
"Every day, yediyi geçe quarters, and I never understood şaşmadan girerdim simit siparişimi hazırlarlardı tereyağlı on everything," he said.
Photo Mr. Rodriguez would like to change and said that materials incorporated new added.
These days, Mr. Rosenthal still business as usual, even if sometimes takes place on each siparişine simit, egg and cheese while adding a little change in the party.
Mr. Rodriguez, the former facility, which replaced dargın soap -- who said he did not.
In reality, the Soap Cherie's café owners, using the Verb demlenen cold coffee for a special soap offered to.
Mr. Rodriguez, "I think we can still accept this offer," he said.
And Greenpoint's traditional Polish residents of this kafeyi thing.
One of the new clients and translate menüyü Lehçeye Mr. Rodriguez, the new neighbours also feel good on the issue for close to the time when it will show an area to be around menüyü said.
There are other advantages of the new dominant.
Local juice shops, cold demlenmiş kahveyi şişelemek and wants to sell.
The owner of the building, there is the possibility of expanding the latest bitişikteki.
The majority of customers for a new get good old favorilerini Verb's bid to be present even if it is.
Joseph Whitt, a regular customer and selecting the very üzülmüştü 1,000-megawatt reactors.
The new venue, when Mr. Whitt whether coffee alabilmenin hissettirdiğini itself at home, he said.
Koklamam "had to do it," he said.
The crisis Zamanının Depresif Yiyeceği "in her book" A Square Meal
In March, 1933, to clinch the presidency are soon after, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, in the Oval Office lunch of the United States.
Boğazına avid, one of President Roosevelt, potatoes ciğeri ezmesi snail soup, such as Maryland and lined the Avenue loved food.
Then, the menu is more mütevaziydi cord boiled eggs, tomatoes: Mashed potatoes and sweet as well as dry puding erikli.
"This is Jane Ziegelman, with no people to food, with a solidarity in the form of this sort," he said.
His wife, Andrew Coe, added: "It is also how he should eat, it was given to the Americans."
The couple living in Brooklyn Heights, culinary historian.
Mr Coe's recent book, "" Chop Suey Chinese cuisine in America, and Ms Ziegelman had resulted in "97 Orchard in her book" Lower East Region events in their lives via the lifting of the makeshift cooking.
Together in the new book, which will be published by Harper on Tuesday and that "A Square Meal" during the Great Depression, America feature of the history of the sport.
And the ones to food, solidarity, arguing that the crisis began in 1929, the year of the present, the Flatiron district in Eisenberg Sandviç Büfesinde for dinner, a reporter with the sounds.
Mrs Ziegelman krem (54), and cheese sandwich zeytinli orders, while Mr Coe (57), turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetables oturtmayı leadership.
The couple, reporter rulo köfte Crisis place appropriate to set the feature of the period.
Mrs Ziegelman Somunlar "very popular," he said.
That includes fıstığı somunu ciğer somunu somunu, dried beans.
They are a cheap advance to the earthenware pot with materials it's one thing a year.
Your dinner areas for fıstığı yediğinizi imagine.
Mr Coe, turned to ekşitti.
"" It looks like people midesine should be, "he said.
Making it in the years before, especially in rural areas, the open buffet is sofralar in America was like.
The women, who works at a men's and cooks meals for breakfast, lunch and evening service there was a dinner of fresh baked pies.
1 in the world are Europeans who died at the Battle of dying Americans would get food for Square Meal. "" At a time when the nation is not the revelation with exuberance centre history explains the methods to deal with.
Mr Coe, he and his wife about this issue are determining the cause of the release of the "this is for Americans, according to a central, worrying things had become a place" senses.
The new budget regime be equally concerned about the ruthless: Somunlar güveçler mysterious, such as food and basic consumer product has become, Mrs Ziegelman güveçler "- with the remaining dishes to gauge is a great yöntemdi" in this way, the chefs kremalı signal chamoy refers to a variety in the bottom with articles kapatıcı gizleyebiliyordu materials.
Fresh fruit, dried fruits replaced by cheaper.
Over the years the American cuisine, the meat in the middle of a share in a prudent manner became a luxury.
The value of food and interesting for kalori karışımlar not still fueled with Chinese-made propellant was launched and the general sense of taste, or kitchen to entities.
Mrs Ziegelman, her research for the book, which includes while belongs to the era of peanuts ezmesi onions for about dolgulu meal.
Mr Coe, "is a favorite dinner meal was not contributing," he said.
It backed Mrs Ziegelman gerçeküstüydü: "This."
Peanuts ezmesinin cook onions and there is nothing.
Most of the household economy tarifinde özellikti that do this.
Including the Federal Home Economics Bureau chief Louis Stanley didn't have engagement on economics experts, 1923, in the period 1943 with the country's eating habits as never before.
Concerned and articles in newspapers and magazines and issued a warning to be "saving women" and encouraged such as tasty bulamaçları havuçlu kremalı spagetti yaygınlaştırdılar fight to turn the substance.
"By Square Meal" historic tasty lokmalardan consisting of a feast.
Not to mention vice president Herbert Hoover of the attitude of the government, such as cake yiyeyim hungry citizens the answers to the very prospect of articles.
He is a farmer in Iowa, the state's çocukluğundaki simple foods, while, on the other hand, has turned into a millionaire yiyordu dishes such as intellectual.
Mr Coe Salatalık cord, such as fish, "the European cuisine lezzetlerini loved to eat," he said.
Evening meals yemeklerine ceketler almost entirely in line with rights, wearing a gold yiyordu together in the dish.
Gerçeklerden very far.
His wife, Eleanor, for example with the anus to encourage him, did the same in attributing düşebilirdi Vice President Roosevelt.
According to reporters at the book, Mrs. Roosevelt of the importance to those who never associate a lezzete hired a White House only in the store, "the most of its food, but also the most sombre tabaklar drafted in the system".
The country on its feet again, after having to eat during the crisis, most often been sidelined.
According to Mrs Ziegelman kalori beslenmeye and focused on understanding on how to implement the baking dish and upgrade continues.
When you write the book, the pair's mother Mrs Ziegelman alışkanlıklarından's eating habits, he said he had learned a great meal, for example - never atamıyordu scrapped.
Mr Coe korkutuyordu waste "when it really," he said.
He spoke of memories, the former Mrs Ziegelman: "It really was that sick people."
A kremalı cases occurred.
Eisenberg has been collected in tabaklar, he and Mr Coe, based at home, bringing a tatlıyı: President Roosevelt's lunch in the course of the match erikli dessert.
"This includes Mrs Ziegelman çırpılmış dried plums, the statement said," and he is the most common number, this modest tariflere was to name a pistol.
There was no cream çırpılmış; only the dry plums, a little flour, sugar, water and tarçın.
All affect the way they brown bulamaca daldırdı kaşığını.
Surprisingly, it was not too bad.
Mr Coe, took out a second and third.
Saving that could be one of his wife as she was "part of the walnuts kıyılmış would be good," he said.
With the alleged that Gilead hepatitis C will fight patent lawyer fees
The decision of the justices in the region, the United States, according to the drugmaker Gilead Sciences Inc, which alleges & Co Inc with hepatitis C patent trial related to the value of the won the right to a lawyer.
The US judge alleged that's put in evidence and other unethical practices, which includes a series of wrong, after they found the prevailing Gilead in June, Gilead's Sovaldi medicines has been a great success and Harvoni related to two alleged that items for a violation of azledilmişti compensation payment of $200 million.
Thursday's hearing, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman, Gilead's case during the defense of the right to compensation for the wages bill.
Liver, alleged that more than 90 per cent of patients iyileştirebilen a new generation of hepatitis C drugs market with Gilead, which the judge is trying to catch up to him.
The case, Gilead and accusing each other of by suing Gilead's drugs sofosbuvir active element of laboratory work done for the rights of ownership over what they claim is based on the 2013.
Forces backed by the United States, Membiç's completely in the control of the Islamic State has said that he is from
On Friday, a spokesman for the group, backed by the United States forces inside the city, the latest Islamic State fighters near the border with Turkey to the north, in which control of the city of Membiç, claims that completely.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDG), there are a group of militanın hiding in the city, in the city, the removal of the stage after separation.
SDG Membiç were in alliance with the Military Council, Dervis Şarfan Routers, for there are, the militants themselves, more than 2000 civilian rehineyi bıraktıklarını free.
He now Routers "in the City even under a completely but we do to get rid of," he said.
Clinton family, 10,75 million in 2015 and $34.2 per cent won by federal tax paid
On Friday, the head of the Hillary Clinton, Vice President of the candidate and his wife last year, and said that in effect 10,75 $34.2 per cent, showing the extent of the federal tax paid tax beyanını announced the end of 2015.
In 2015, the Clinton family, most of the Clinton Foundation, the charitable institutions, including $1 million contribution, former President Bill Clinton speaking fees of about $5.3 million won, and former Minister of Foreign Affairs at the State Department has gone about the Simon & Schuster book publishers for a reported $3 million in revenues.
Clinton's nomination, his friend from the United States Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, and his wife Anne Holton beyanını issued with 10 years of tax.
In 2015 the federal tax paid largely 20.3 per cent.
Clinton campaign worker Jennifer Palmieri declaration of a "Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine to set the standard for financial transparency is continuing," he said.
By contrast, Donald Trump, before his tax commitments on the basis of explanation is hiding behind the fake excuses and is taking a step back.
As much as the laws of the United States also taxes gerektirmese candidates as the basis of the public, a tradition for the present.
A New York businessman who beyanların Trump and his lawyers, the reason for refusing the release of an audit conducted by the Administration Revenues bill.
The democratic candidates statements associated with the Clinton campaign officer Ian Sams Sıra "the ball is in your court," tweets from the line.
On Thursday, acting special cases of Trump, Michael Cohen, told CNN the controls until the end Trump said he would not allow them to release.
News, which in 2012 Mitt Romney presidential candidates and other Cumhuriyetçileri that includes Trump criticising the group, to reject this situation that he, not his contributions özvarlığı institutions, and business dealings with Russia, including several other questions about the link, they said.
On Friday, Clinton top news Trump explanation for the taxes that applies pressure on an online video saying that this situation went on.
In Michigan on Thursday, a statement on the economy in his speech he expressed this problem.
He told the crowd, "Ten over the years, the candidate is doing everything he can to deny he planned to tax," he said.
Trump's Sun, in the 1990s, almost no tax over the past two years, and had reported on Friday, The New York Times business section columnist with a series of tax lawyer and the situation is still muhasebecinin continues in this way, that there was a shared memories.
The federal tax rates, Congress has become a major problem.
Clinton, on the $1 million a year, those who gain at least a 30 per cent tax rate to pay, which the billionaire investor Warren Buffett, the name of the rule, which he submitted a bid.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
Last week, in Omaha, Nebraska, a Clinton at a Berkshire Hathaway, the group that operates there, Buffett Trump arrive in taxes and beyanını, challenged to account.
Buffett has said that he has, and that the IRS is going to absorb Trump's tax collection from the voters "and not be afraid," he said.
Clinton campaign to 2007, which reported on the basis of the tax.
Currently, in Chappaqua, New York, which is in 2014 with the Clinton family, from 2004 to 2007, about 32 per cent as the average federal tax rate and to set up a unified tax rate to about 5 per cent of ours.
Clinton family for the end of 2015, unlike the Americans, most of the anticipated income of only $100 shows that advantage.
The main investments in a low-cost index and the Clinton family investment fonudur temettü, interest income and $109.000 is quoted as saying.
Kevin Drawbaugh; in addition they Düzenleyen Jonathan Oatis
The red dust, kestane biberli kondomlar fillerin set off Tanzania in the protection of the backing
In Tanzania, but environmentalists fillerin human is dedicated in preventing the unusual method of use; kondomlar filled with red pepper powder them themselves.
Yöntemin have proved effective and that the idea of a few years ago, which have Honeyguide Foundation in the US, with the Union for Conservation of Nature for the promotion of this step; villages in northern Tanzania ekinlerini volunteers from their homes and animals without harming the protection of non-violent, four are only started training on the use of the method.
Before most people used copies to defend herself.
On Friday, dedicated to the protection of animals, the Day of the transposition of the World.
Honeyguide chief executive Damian Bell, "a statement by the embankment as far this topluluklardaki geliştirdiğimizden position has changed since we have seen without harming the filleri fillere; now she is far from the first to find out more about self-confidence could have," he said.
The first two steps and maintain the last file now includes fener korna.
It won't in cases of "red peppers have become something called a" suspended.
Toprakla karıştırılan, red pepper powder with a 7.62 kondoma kestane sets, only fuse deficit will remain the way tips are closed.
Yakıldığında kondom boom in his voice is cleared and the dust in the air if saçılıyor red peppers.
A deep sigh of relief in the opposite direction to send me to even filleri.
A last resort, set off fireworks in the air, a bright, loud explosions, which led to a mancınık.
The Jewish film producer, called the "after" the demand by Israel to lift the phone contained in Berlin hotel slams - RT News
Of Jewish descent, a French film producer, Bristol Hotel Kempinski in Berlin by Israel, and the Arab employees phone contained listelemediğini customers "demands" the knowledge that deficit after releasing sansasyona has caused in the media.
Regarding the Holocaust, "Shoah," Claude Lanzmann, the documentary makers FAZ, told the German broadcaster, wrote an open letter to the Bristol Hotel Kempinski in Berlin at the anger expressed regret.
Lanzmann, shortly before the hotel phone kodlarının kalışında provided by attempting to Israel to the list.
However, it is the room directly aranabilecek did not include among the states.
In 2016, the new Germany in Berlin, the capital of Israel, effectively disputes, and how that can be?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol, Israel to its call centre offers an opportunity to search through.
In a statement, the producer of the film to get a situation reported that struck in the hotel.
Lanzmann, followed by dismay at "the answer," he wrote.
Hotel, secretary of the measure was "a deliberate administration Kempinski-Hotels decision" was taken with the music.
The move is the underlying reason, film directors far more sinirlenmesine services.
Lanzmann's - with most of the visitors who work, "Israel's Arab and demanded the removal of the code," he said.
Suddeutsche Zeitung reported on Israel's ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman the situation as a "great shame."
The situation is that terrified and very surprised us.
It's really a great shame.
In Germany, and it is such a hotel chain that it was much more outrageous.
They are there is no need to destroy it.
Should we expect to pass as a result of this hotel, "he said.
The incident caused a big reaction to the online environment; the people in the situation described as a scandal.
Some of the Kempinski Hotel in the so-called Arab clients on charges of "yield" demands.
Another gönderide near a synagogue in the hotel, on the street where the Kurfurstendamm Utanmalısınız, saying, "" the statement said.
Der Spiegel reported Hotel, this incident "and saying that it is a result of carelessness," Lanzmann "apology" from these charges from the beginning has taken shape.
The Kempinski Suddeutsche Zeitung, "one of the representatives of the rapid Israel would not be directly involved in the search for an order had not been" as saying.
And now that she's the code, he said.
Brazilian protesters against the students, police used pepper spray and rubber bullets
The government's public education system will have on reforms to make a demonstration against Brazil on Thursday in the city of Sao Paulo clashed with police, students collected.
Police used pepper spray against the protesters, and rubber bullets.
The problem is, the police officers at the time of the trying to ease students began, and that police would use rubber bullets and pepper spray.
Several hundred students, against the plans, attended the protest to express displeasure.
Sao Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmin, according to a statement by the proposal, fewer than 100, in an effort to save public schools will be shut down and another 300,000 students will be distributed to schools.
Temporary walls that some of the participating Protestoya Vice President Michel Temer wrote against the infiltration of schools.
The latest protest, this country was removed from the simple senatosunun Vice President Dilma Rousseff on to support the protesters in the street if the audience apparently took place several days later.
Trade between Russia and Iran rose to 71% - RT Business
Russia's ambassador to Iran Levan Dzhagaryan according to the lifting of sanctions, Tehran and Moscow, with the trade turnover between the years largely 70,9 per cent growth.
The ambassador, against Iran, which the international sanctions imposed on kaldırıldığından Russian companies doing business in the country, largely due to increased interest in music.
New on the market, it is to provide access to Russian companies continues to existing ties with Iran.
Also, of course, a further increase in trade with Iran, one of the main priorities of the two biased Of Dzhagaryan, "he said.
In the first five months of the year in 2016, the trade turnover between Russia and Iran in 2015 70,9 per cent compared with the same period have grown up to become president, and that in the millions of dollars.
In particular, Russia's ambassador to Iran's exports rose by largely 91,5% 697 million dollars.
Russia's imports from Iran, rose by 16 per cent to $158 million.
This increase in the number of Ticaretteki, tools and machinery, the basis for making weapons was provided with the materials, "he said.
At the same time, Dzhagaryan for Russia this year, a record number of Iranian tourists waiting.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic mission in Iran most of the Iranian citizens, including the 35,000 visas for travel.
In addition, for the first time in Iran, Russia in the number of tourists visiting the country was among the top 20.
Last year, Russia, visiting the Iranian tourists kırılacağını records we can say that, "he said.
At the same time, as a relative of the Russian fewer visits Iran; this is an issue he had hoped to change the envoy.
"The ancient Persian civilisation monuments in good condition is hiding İsfahan Şiraz Yazd, to visit cities and we recommend that personally," he said.
In Izmir FETÖ nakitler - from the Economy reporting
FETÖ joined the financial support provided for the detained Kavuklar Group Chairman of the Board, Abdullah Kavuk Küçükbay Group, and Chairman of the Board, Ahmet Küçükbay associated with interesting details began to emerge.
FETÖ Racing in Izmir, 1 and 2 with the number one financial resources Küçükbay Kavuk Çapkın FETÖ of the terrorist group's leader, Fetullah Gulen, kuryeyle regularly every month to large amounts of money in a letter to the world.
Gulen Kayıtlara should not for the money to be sent to a member of the organisation, via banks yatırılmadığı through courier has been identified.
Meanwhile, also on his FETÖ as part of an investigation into the failed coup, were arrested and transferred to the court and including the President of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry Merzifon Fatih has always been that all 9 people were arrested, 7 people have legal control of the condition were released.
10 year term up to 30,000 pounds in the bag
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called for "indirin" interest rates, banks are taking action.
Before the established by Housing Real Estate, and afterwards attended by atağına GYODER's campaign to be included in the canal banks.
Psychological border rated mortgage loan interest rates attracting less than 1 per cent of the proposal made by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had become.
13 banks mortgage rates attracted less than 1 per cent.
The discount furyasını became the public launch of the banks.
1.12 per cent before, with the monthly interest rates ranging from 1.29 in terms of the arrangement in the last 10 years, with the long-term mortgage consumers who use between 15 and 30 billion pounds will pay less interest.
10 YIL TERCİH İLA 5
But do host alacaklara interest rate cuts will bring as much advantage?
More than 100,000 pounds 10 year term loans, a person using the reduced faizdeki 30,000 pounds have that.
A large majority of those mortgage payment plan to choose up to 10 year term.
In the coming days is also expected to drop higher interest rates.
Interest rates were also positive affect sales.
In 2015, housing sales 10.6 per cent compared to the previous year, an increase of 1 million 289.
Sales this year are expected to exceed 1.5 million faizdeki indirimle.
GYODER Speaker Aziz Torun: Beneath the 9 per cent annual indirilmeli
Public banks is an important step to reduce the interest rate.
The yield is whether regulators Cumhurbaşkanımızın ignored.
However, this rate is 9 per cent annual beneath the evil.
Discount if this process continues, so we would expect a monthly interest 0.70 campaign a few months thinking about it.
Kuzu Group YKÜ Ozen Kuzu 3 month uzayabilir says:
We have a month to revive the economy as sınırladığımız girişimimize attempt by banks to participate in this historic campaign would save at least 3-4 months, an extension of the population.
However, the credit interest rates compared to the previous year, down from 9 per cent to shrink.
It is only in the housing sector on the market and real positive psychology, and recently, in an apparent show of solidarity with the citizens of housing sector also used for any sacrifice to see a please explain.
Polat Holding YKB Adnan Polat: We expect full support from the banks
His call came after Cumhurbaşkanımızın to banks go to the reduction of the interest rate is a good step.
Apart from that, in all sectors of the economy have taken a number of steps to promote.
The more important thing in campaigns, said the decision by the Central Bank and taken all the steps in this direction for the country...
All of the banks' hands were found under the leadership.
They have a bride, you are with us in this campaign, katılın can, together, in the same direction together, hand in hand, we are let's put out to the economy.
Sabanci of 1.5 years of 5.5 billion pounds of investment
Sabanci Holding, the first 6 months of this year, net profit compared to the same period last year, 11 per cent of the 353 million lira by raising 1 billion, a 22 percent, while sales of 17 billion yükselişle 166 million lira.
Sabanci Holding, Senior Director (CEO) Kurtul Victory, in the first six months of the year, 1.8 billion pounds by 2015, at the beginning of the year so far, about 5.5 billion pounds invested.
Kurtul, "as the country recently, we've been successful in a difficult dönemeçten."
"After that, now working more for our country and it's now time to produce," he said.
Stick vapur Kabataş in more than two years, a break
The Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (İBB) conducted by the large Kabataş "Transfer Centre, with a three-year İskelelerin Renewal Construction," for the sake of Kabataş vapur iskeleleri sea traffic were closed for nearly two years.
Kabataş claimed the sea, rail and road transport system will be integrated into a modern transfer centre.
The traffic along the coast, which is located under an uninterrupted pedestrian flow.
Supporting and cable systems, will continue to work for a while.
Besiktas Eminonu Taksim, citizens, in an attempt to access parts of the transport flights next week.
Interest rates fell, houses are up
A bank manager has taken my message to the public.
Always the same thing is happening.
Interest rates decline, house prices are on the rise.
Interest rate rises, house prices falling.
Such was the "see again," he said.
The work because it is about the individual loans from duyumları tells him.
At a press conference in Housing Property 0.70 interest rate in the campaign that went there were many housing project says it has boosted prices.
Accuracy is there a baktım added.
There is no surplus, there is the situation toward...
At that time, I got Fetullahçı Terror of the organization in the coup attempt on July 15, a week after attending a summit conference gazetemizin müteahhitle sohbetimiz construction.
A large firm boss...
"I am not speaking in fact müteahhitten prices to rise 10 per cent should be" heard the words "against their fırsatçılığı deyivermiştim whether you can do?" He says.
After the coup attempt, led by Housing Real Estate campaign inşaatçılar 0.70 interest and 120 months with a major sales campaign.
I agree the banks before the stone under his hand, put it, the risk of violence.
But the resurgence of Turkey, pace of kesmemek for unity and a tie full of "we are on.
1, a resident of monthly kampanyanıza banks backed down.
Then no one will increase fırsatçılığı us.
In aranızda uyarın Yapanları.
President Erdogan, Omar Ali Koch and Koch acknowledged the
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Koc Holding, Chairman of the Board, Omar Mehmet Koc with Koc Holding, Acting President of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board Ford Otosan Ali Koch has accepted.
Erdogan's presidential Külliyesi, closed-door meeting at the adoption of 40 minutes.
Then a call from BDDK complaints from across the banks:
The Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (BDDK) Chairman Mehmet Ali Akben, President Erdogan's credit "for the banks to recall" a warning for consumers.
Akben Banks, "due to the conditions of the loan market to recall a different turn fırsatçılığa saiklerle yapıyorsa vermeyiz certainly allow it."
Such complaints and information, the reward for us in terms of the bank and the company complaint line, by giving the name müracaatta BDDK Threatened in life.
Yesterday President Tayyip Erdogan has warned that it will succeed in the banks said in a statement: "I am -- of course, interest rates were slashed, dimensions and costs of credit means our country as well as investors, as well as a new era in front of bankalarımızın forward."
Push the cause of our country at this time of the loan to the removal of uyduruk bahanelerle loans banks urging them to back a pure set, then I want to do it in a press release.
7-8 per cent annual interest rates, when it won the money banks in these affairs.
Russian tourists is expected to more than 500 homeless
Professional Association of Hotel Yöneticileri (POYD) President Ali Kızıldağ Antalya exhibition in the field of 2016 bid, which was held at a meeting before the coup attempt on 15 July Turkey-Russia positive relations, has entered a course in the Antalya from Russia or scheduled flights, and that it has seen a certain revival he said in a statement.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan with Russian President Vladimir Putin talks between the two countries that trade sectors, as well as the tourism sector, which is a Kızıldağ heyecanlandırdığını, "as tourism, agriculture, food, and at the same time inşaattan tekstile all sectors would be very positive developments in terms of I expect."
Turkey and Russia was very close to the two countries, the boom there is traditional relations.
"The leaders of the two countries filed on the way as the sectors we are also very rapid progress if we do mesafeleri as soon as possible and to set goals, I think," he added.
The coup attempt came to Turkey without the number of Russian tourists over 1 million deficit estimated expressing Kızıldağ, said.
But the high season are a month when we lost for this reason, the target is set to do so.
However, I am also charter flights if 500,000 aşarız I think, the official added.
The end of even a season in October and November, it could be an extension to the middle.
In this case, an additional flights konulabilir right in this law.
This is positive in the air by the Russian people expect that the will be judged very well.
And they are a threat to Turkey there are people.
This is perhaps the area moved 700 who think the zorlarız.
In terms of the Russian market for 2017, also said they were hopeful that the two countries Kızıldağ relations, as well as Russia's economy in the next year, the number of Russian tourists toparlanırsa again after the 3 million figure, he said.
The ban has been lifted to allow staff in public duties as he said the small isolated reservations POYD Kızıldağ which it came, "the President of the bookings there are new rezervasyonlar returns again, the police are in the country."
"A case, related to a beklentimiz there is hope," he said.
Kızıldağ coup attempt by Iran, after the travel agencies with the removal of the ban on the sale of tickets that were round also is a very positive development, he said, "from Iran in the 100-200 1,2-2 per month thousands of people would make a very good you." He added.
The current loan yenilesin who?
First, credit than the bank's own interest and her kredinizi learn how your conditions.
We were early closure fee (typically used for wage deficit by 1.5-2 per cent), along with a new loan interest rate lower than the cost of using hesaplatın bankanızdan.
All costs, including if you still favourable iseniz, low interest loans to apply to the use of bulunabilirsiniz.
There is no relief for Aslan aldırmak!
Galatasaray, Besiktas, with the defending champion, will play the Super Cup in the new season, winning the battle to the final moralli.
All plans to win over the Sun, which Coach Senol talebeleriyle Tempolu "at a meeting, and we aggressively."
"It would bypass the high percentage of the control of the ball during the 90 minutes, and I expect that," he added.
Especially Sosa, including idmanları crashed into the players to the field sürmeyi starring Senol Sun's Adriano and Quaresma öğrenildi are undecided about that.
Over the week, the coach Tecrübeli antrenmanlarda Naguib on the left, however, proved stoperde bekte Adriano oynarsa stoperde Tosic alert.
Ricardo Quaresma with Kerim Frei and among a tercihte talebelerine Sun also said he will be long after the last standing çalıştırması posted a ball.
The explosion will be - Sports reporting Tolga
Galatasaray Galatasaray, President of the Uzbeki Dursun, who sponsor the NEF than that of members of the media at a press conference the evening yemekte answered questions and the transfer of the annual fee is also a matter of debate, which is from the football player, he gave his support to the Ciğerci.
I am DEĞİL FUTBOLCULAR KONUŞACAK
Last year, the football team is much better than the situation said, adding that a benefit is going on this matter, "so, not me, the players on the field, you have to talk," the spokesperson said, adding, "something that I cannot say."
We have a 2-3 week geçsin göreyim teams, then we can say that the chances of the championship.
I expect an impact from the explosion.
You recognise than in the boom years, you will see this fiziğiyle will follow, everyone will follow.
President of Galatasaray, Mehmet Topal was quoted as saying, however, with the club transferred during contact anlaşmaması step in if they pointed out, "When we faces a price these days we did not have the intention of charging," he added.
Mehmet Topal efendi gentleman, an athlete.
With the club to be transferred to his anlaşamasaydı.
RİVA İLE BANKA BORÇLARI BİTECEK
TT Arena next to the indoor construction will begin soon, he said, noting that "the trial 13,000 people in the hall to do istiyorduk."
However, Cumhurbaşkanımız 15,000 in the hall you do there.
We have changed the project.
With the money from the Riva kapatacağız bank debts.
MAYISLAR YİNE BİZİ
The Turkish Cup last season has been closed by taking the Super Cup final team to play tomorrow against Besiktas, who also believes that has created a found the quality of Galatasaray club sarı-kırmızılı Uzbeki Dursun, President of the slogan, which it found his claim.
"Us," "he told the Uzbeki Mayıslar Galatasaray, a year after the last also believes that it will be champion again.
Match of the ban were lifted
The Union Club Foundation yesterday his conference in a historic decision to today.
Coup attempt on 15 July meeting where the agenda is the removal of the ban on game to have agreed.
Nothing new, including 4 büyüklerin starting to play games, and fans of the visiting team matches Beşiktaş-Bursaspor tribünlerdeki places of the government.
The Chairman of the Islamists "Gümüşdağ Vakıf, on July 15th, which replaced the unity and beraberliğin yasaklarının match, in an effort to further lift we have agreed."
"This July 15 beraberliğin unity and democracy was shut after it much more matter to consider that," he added.
Meanwhile, the Club Union Foundation as a result of the vote in the current board appointed continue, "the statement said.
Galatasaray Club President Dursun Uzbeki, was elected as the divan.
From the previous meetings, unlike on the table, noted that there's a flamalarının club.
Turkey's unity and beraberliğine tables in a bid to make the pool had a Turkish flags.
"" KENDİ BAHÇEMİZİ TEMİZLEYECEĞİZ
Turkey's undivided integrity against an attack on the interior of the Turkish nation with a large, deneyenlerin found Gümüşdağ Club, he said, noting that the president of the Islamists, "may not to underestimate the make-up of FETÖ."
"Football family and as a necessarily own bahçemizi toparlamak and we have to clean up," he said.
July 15, "Democracy Gümüşdağ Cup under the name of an organisation do you think?" Asked a question too, "in particular the Turkish Cup to name the friends there is general insight."
TFF share with this proposal, "" he said.
The target of 25,000 combined
The new season of 66,000 new Trabzonspor will fight.
In order to move or Akyazı bordomavililerin just days before President Muharrem Veteran via social media, said the combined anketle set their prices.
The new season combined 25,000 and 100,000, aiming to sell the sharpshooter bordo-mavililerin kombinelere in sales is expected to show a great interest in the fans.
Deputy Master, "the aim is 25,000 more than 100,000 combined and scored."
The survey and a longtime stronghold cevaplarıyla eastern / western tribün prices we agreed.
… There are good for them.
"The ball is in your court now," he added.
The new season of the club Bordo-mavili combined prices is currently in a way was set: "Fortress arkaları alt-üst tribün combined prices of 350 pounds, and the law is in the eastern and western tribünleri 750 pounds."
150 pounds worth of the new season formasının station in areas as a present, the students that it would create a combined 30 per cent of the space and the second kombinede discount to 50 per cent when it was announced.
South KORELİ SUK RESMEN AÇIKLANDI
Trabzonspor, South Korean Hyun Jun Suk came to an agreement with every issue.
A chartered by the Paris years with Porto player for the temporary transfer of 750,000 euros will be paid the price.
Oyuncuya 1 million euros in annual wages would guarantee.
He has an option to buy 15 million euros was set.
Hesaplı-kitaplı was thrown out
On 11 June, F.Bahçe in 2015, two years signing attırdığı Pereira sent first to the end of the year.
Aziz Yildirim, vice president and board member of the club, a Yelkovan Financial Affairs Coordinator of the meeting on Sunday.
The incident at a meeting of the economic dimension to the table.
"The need for a deal with UEFA annual damage" sensitive to maintain a level of financial issues, who have happened with the help of Yelkovan.
Pereira's representatives contacted.
An end to the post was notified.
In the EURO ON 2-2.5 MİLY ANLAŞTILAR YA
Financial issues are still unresolved, for this reason, some of the spots where the official confirmation today or tomorrow, when safe.
Pereira and his team are not made an official statement with the team yesterday for idmana broke out.
The total cost of this operation was about 4 million euros.
However, F.Bahçe's terms so that the price will be below the figure for the deal in a statement.
F.Bahçe, Pereira's fee cash as öderse between 2 and 2.5 million euros, a figure the work will be finished.
Pereira it will be paid as a monthly wage has found.
Team to reach an agreement if the payment to this effect.
Yes and at the end of the Fenerbahce fan went Pereira, a great revolution has taken a signing.
Vitor Pereira Caner Erkin, in the war with Luis Nani, were killed.
Robin van Persie is slightly injured he was survived.
Vitor Pereira's, to the fully sevineceğim beterini more expenditure management, we think the bathroom.
Kursağımda Sevincim.
According to the Pereira, to the champions Fenerbahce.
Vitor Pereira bavulunu gidebilirsin 3-5-2 with them now.
According to the, to the Pereira Kadıköy covered in 18.
Serdar Cakir was dismissed
The Turkish Football Federation (TFF) segment to the top of the observer of the referee Cakir's dismissal, Serdar öğrenildi was added.
Currently, the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro that FIFA referee Cüneyt hakemimiz Cakir's father, Serdar Cakir's introduction of the post office last year, has triggered controversy involving the referee...
TFF recently in FETÖ Referees, as part of the National Council, Board of Arbitration (if MHK) with officials and observers boards that again.
Van Persie said of the hundreds of symbol
Pereira's claim was dismissed after he claimed to the closing Dutch star Robin van Persie, her own facebook imalı pulled out a networking opportunities.
Fenerbahce idmanından shares photos of herself, which includes Robin van Persie, a soccer ball with ikonunu gülücük extending his future.
This sharing, "Pereira's gidişine seviniyor probation," he explained.
The ending of the first independent underlines El-Deehani
2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics in the women double trap shooting a degree in which Fehaid el-Deehani independent in the history of the Games, with athletes brought the first gold medal.
Olympic Shooting Centre in vouchers to be competing for medals in the double trap.
The State of Kuwait, due to the punishment given to the Independent Olympic games, 49, who joined with Team Atletleri el-Deehani, double trap categories in the final of the Italian Marco Innocenti, faced with.
The last score of the rival 26-24 el-Deehani place in independent athletes on the team was the first to win a gold medal.
A door açtım Başörtülülere
2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics in the women's beach volleyball was crowded as the struggling Egyptian Doaa Elghobashy with a secure, "I am the Bikini rakiplerim başörtüsüne also I respect," he said.
The Islamic religious in recent years about the West, also said he wanted to break the perception upsetting Elghobashy Başörtüm, "If I don't have any problem with it."
Athletes seeking to struggling here.
The Islamic community from different I am writing positive messages via social media.
Women are also in Özelikle cesaretlendiriyorsun, on whether we are proud of us, they say.
For women crowded açtım a door, "he said.
Next to it, and from foreign athletes sometimes why sorduklarını stands in them were closed, 20, citing Egyptian Elghobashy "they will also need to this kıyafetle dinimin çıktığımı anlatınca understanding)," he said.
Kazakh Balandin into history
This is one of the largest in the history of the swimming yesterday morning against Kazakh Dmitriy Balandin victory in the system.
From the United States as the favourite yüzücülerin Balandin, as shown for 200 metres butterfly in 2 minutes 7 seconds 46 salisede swept to victory.
Kazakhstan first ever swimming medal at the Games, with its gold, taking the Balandin, who finished in 2: 07.53 US Josh Prenot, 2: 07.70 Chupkov over time, in the Russian market.
At the forefront of friendship: The Sun
Besiktas Technical Director of the Sun, the Super Cup match Shenoll Hermann von Wissmann deviates Suleiman's death because of the audience to arrive for the anniversary, will be a very meaningful centilmence greeted the fight.
Tecrübeli Dostluğa, coach, "so much more to these days is on the ground just ihtiyacımızın tribünlerde friendship is not what we would be in the forefront of the fence," he said.
The head of Gulen's FETÖ seize the assets of
The Republican prosecutor Terör-Teknik Adana and Organised Crime Investigation Bureau Çapkın FETÖ committed by the people who were associated with the real estate is owned by irregular way, passed to the Commons, with a change in the value of the premium amount Çapkın FETÖ done by raising the terrorist group's funding for an indictment, 17 suspects Adana II heavy Criminal Court after it was.
1, which is the top defendant, Fetullah Gulen's Constitutional Order has been Kaldırmaya Teşebbüs find any charges in the trial, the court in the delegation along with Gulen, who escaped the accused Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal Soncu Cemal and about the decision to arrest, to detain.
By then, however, he escaped 4 steals and procedures of the court the defendants for illegal transactions take place on Monday.
Adana II, heavy, he asked the International Criminal Court, the case against them had failed in a bid to ensure that the foreigners in the country, which is why his destination for the illegal by Fetullah Gulen, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal Soncu Cemal and "of the Criminal Procedure Code (CMK pursuant to clause 1 / 278)," all the assets of the seizure following up the case.
They run, together with the decision by the Court in Turkey, a property owned by kara-deniz and air transportation vehicles, all kinds of rights and will receive the paperwork, precious, partner, where the company advertises for receiving mevcutları contributions, and bank accounts were frozen.
Hüseyin Gülerce Gulen's demolition: 3 ayağın depends on collapse
Commenting on the initiative of the FETÖ Hüseyin Gülerce coup, he made the dramatic.
Hüseyin Gülerce statements of the rows are as follows:
I moved to kalkışacakları coup, such as the issue for the past 6 months yazılarımda attempted "symptoms but they are not within the chain of command," he wrote.
The first of these two do bilemedim; to be deep and widespread ones, such as a Gendarmerie General Commander of the 8th annual orders officer and Mr President's yaverleri.
Mr. President, people struggling with the most able to how the plenary yaverlerini while but they are the most important feature of the unprecedented secrecy.
Two yüzlüler too.
"This is like a retired vaizin FETÖ can do is not a business," says one of the most important kanıtlarından kumpas so deep it is.
It is true, is backed by the CIA.
The CIA, he agrees that it is too early to have taken a hand.
Mahmut Övür in 2014, says that, in 1971 Vehbi Koc's house Fuat Fetullah Gulen discussed with the East.
At the time the biggest number of jobs that people are interested in the relationship between the CIA and the MIT is close to the presidency as he says.
Our armed forces personnel wage paid by the United States, after one man hatırlamadıktan them not too advanced.
We, as we learn when to do so in 2014.
Mahmut Bey's takes a anything, rejecting an explanation was not the.
For instance, Adil Öksüz base was caught not?
This included wondered.
What was the man over the last 25 times a day, or for the person who, in the Pennsylvania 2 days before he returned.
Adil Öksüz 109 for the first time since 2002, had gone abroad.
Bringing them together all the time, we have to look at, which is not at the moment, so all of them Fetullah Gulen in the United States, where, beginning in March 1999 a bahaneyle which are held in the United States, we should look at it.
Görülecektir, but one used in Pennsylvania or subject to frequent massacres.
But the CIA, Turkey can be identified with the real irtibatları, given that we've made through an increase in need of the people we've made in the United States, was sent to a lot of people.
There are documents to Wikileaks kurduruyor; Gulen, an association of this association with the CIA and the joint meetings.
Now 15 years ago, when he links with the CIA resmiyette to show the work has been done.
Fuat Avni Pennsylvania in an intelligence havuzudur demiştim I 2 years ago.
Working in the Office of Fuat Avni joined the working man.
But bad; this information, which currently falls in Pennsylvania, such as the CIA also fell.
Gulen's demolition of the three ayağın depends on the collapse of one of the base, of course; they are a friend in the series, it was a deep, there are those who consume hipnozda this coup attempt yet even Erdogan's film, they say.
Or a three foot, said the support base.
Questions about the theft, theft, kul, defeating the right base support this very shaken.
The other two legs; political support, international support.
International support still exists.
The only thing he will protect the political support of the managers and the MHP FETÖ çekildiğinin documentation by the tapes.
By July 15, "" after the case Mr Kilicdaroglu FETÖ, use and opened the eyes of everyone.
Gulen is such that "I am yapmıyorum numaracı etrafım is doing," he says.
He says that "my yanımda yahu Hussein Bey, this girl very different talebeler dreams they see me, they've, I am now yasakladım rüyalarla, because it is not appropriate to amel."
A voice recording, was a record at the time, the person speaking voice: Barbaros Kocakurt Hocam friends dream görmüşler Peygamberimiz tweetleri katlayın, doubled.
1 in Nusaybin police have been killed
Eyyubi Salahaddin, according to one daytime patrol duty of police officers where the armored vehicles, whose long barrel guns opened fire.
He became the first to a simmer for several minutes, the police were killed during a police officer were injured.
Police officers in return for two after running into the terror of the threat has been appointed.
Police injured, he was taken to the State Nusaybin.
The operation was underway in the region.
Plotters oyaladı TV broadcasts have been given
On the night of 15 July coup attempt to prevent a significant share of the owner of a private TV sets, Türksat darbecilere on falling thanks to a heroic technical staff will deliver continued.
Asim Akkaya hero at that...
TRT was read during the publication was in traction psikolojisine, were killed under the orders of the resistance, "which means Akkaya Helikopterden tender simmer for several minutes of my friends were killed, I believe that I have to do everything."
Arms dayayıp Başıma kesmemi performance, to come forward.
Kapattım only local TV in the idea.
Then buy a antenlere sağladım uzaklaşmalarını facility, saying it should go.
Antenlerin parameter, where I spend time of up to 20 minutes.
"There were also some cables kestim dokunmadım yayınlara but," he said.
Cut the publication in Türksat darbeciler başaramayınca wrote in a report to the experts.
These terrorists, the scene of the incident was captured by polislerce 3 minutes before.
Darbeciler when they return from the building around 1 hour after the TV broadcast them on the phone is continuing, and at that moment understood, he said the attraction of a very tight contest, we are experiencing Akkaya explained:
Nöbetini dinner that night I took over at 8 hours.
Us emanetti Orası.
One by one, and the electricity system E-devlet nöbetçiydi for my friend.
21.00 hours, we like to drink tea, heard buluştuğumuz low flying helicopters over us was supposed to have passed.
The engine of the surrounding area still fly a couple of flying silent there was more air vehicle.
We have seen Işıklarını.
Araçlarıydı drones were probably looks like.
Helipkopterlerin uçuyorlardı passes.
For the first time in 11 years, ordayım flight I got so close to the aradım nizamiyeyi.
Then began a hareketlenme.
The making of the bridge Haberlere learned was shut down.
At that time of the overall müdürümüz around, that moment mesaide without friends in the building who gave instructions for them.
While the TRT nizamiyeye should go in all publications packages dropped off.
5 minutes along the TRT broadcasts were cut.
However, the main kumandayı aradım ulaşamadım TRT.
Control and came back up of TRT istasyonumuz okunmaya statement said.
General Manager Yardımcımız Halil Yeşilçimen TRT, the governor ordered the blocking of many of those asked urgently.
3 trial in a broad broadcaster TRT said kesebilmek started working for for the publication.
Just before the Prime Minister Binali Yildirim kalkışma duymuştuk there is quoted as saying in the in the.
In the final the TRT Müdürümüzün ordered us to put a bit of resistance psikolojisine.
The TRT kestik soon after, we heard the voice of the helicopter.
Going up the hill, nizamiyeye landed a helicopter fired on everywhere, all of that has crashed.
Place on the side of a building in saklandık.
A total of 12].
We are a row when the soldiers understood girmişler helicopters will hurt.
A few arkadaşımızı captured soldiers.
We make them ourselves in order not to reveal the hill.
At that time of the knees and seem to be general manager of the yardımcımızı çöktürdüklerini I saw.
Konuşuyorlardı soldiers, among them.
In one of them, korksunlar Aralarından vuralım in one of Hart.
Security guards oturttular after all of us.
Buranın commanders in chief, who is more a shouting 'when sormayacağım.
In one of the speeches in the style of vuralım we thought we heard Memleketten haberimiz: There is no one but the instructions came to us, in the final 'when TRT.
It means that there is a resistance.
At that moment I felt their own canımdan vazgeçtiğimi.
In part because of me.
At that moment the leg kalktım without knowing what to do.
At that moment, I think the only thing was that my nizamiyedeki helicopters opened fire.
Nizamiyede 10-15 friend killed in us and I thought it was the end of the day, and he can hold the proportions of öldürecekler collapsed a comfort.
Commander Başlarındaki keseceksin performance, with the exception of TRT in there.
We have a range of local stations while there are monitors bölümümüz system.
Out of the 200 local trial in 80 out of the chamber of the start of the arena.
I came to this room.
There was no national broadcaster, including at all.
I, and all of them have been söylersem kesersem them, at least by then income support or help one of the best on the surface.
Or in a place where we have to go up.
At the end of the then kabullenmiştik çıkamayacağımızı.
OK, in part because keseceğim.
Just one of the local channel paketlerinden kestim debuted antenna.
National channels power towards izleyebildiğimiz monitörlere kestim düğmesini.
Thus there is no signal yazıcaktı all series.
Completely kesilebilmesi antenlere should I told him to go for it.
The commander of the two wings absorbs me.
Açtım antenna, soldiers in one of the rooms in the Lakes orda in, he said.
The gun alnıma the weapon.
In all, with the exception of TRT keseceksin içinizden no interviews, but by the end of the day, one of these you olursun vuracağım, 'he said.
For now, I choose then canımdan geçtiğim göreceksin are all in the one state will be frozen, because it had been anything else.
İstasyona oyalanarak kestim, entered into the local transmissions.
We went the other bends.
At that point, about 20 national outlet in return I have done by a system of the future.
There are about 20 local stations kesince monitors to waste the public.
It has helped us Rabbim, of course, and the question of whether we had both their basiretlerini concluded.
Verdiğimiz inandılar cevaplara.
Üstelemediler.
This worried about us.
Antenden trafonun replaced, at once.
I don't know, I, I have in the broadcasters yayıncısıyım Aranızda electrician is there, he asked.
Later in the evening, not an electrician mesaiden malfunction if the team because my income.
In fact, at that point, there was an electrician.
Cyprus came I got kesmediğim publications.
For those in the oyalamak soldiers thought to terminate.
They were were very slightly rahatladılar Yayınların.
Turning to the mental edemiyorlardı yayınlara.
Now wait for the group.
About an hour later, on the waiting room TV News broadcast görmüşler A restaurant.
When troops entered.
In A Komutanım kesmemiş publication News, he said.
We came here because of his mind komutanla.
Kalk in the leg, he said.
Kalktım.
At that moment a soldier, there is still on the airwaves, he said.
In Cyprus on the broadcast channels there are, he said.
They broadcast via Cyprus in the making, because we can do something to them.
After "birileriyle yazıştıktan after all of us up in arms as you can," he said.
Darbeciler Türksat from minibüsle fled.
And that led me into the water that gives soldiers are executed where they have, then I saw the photographs.
3 fire on several occasions and yanaklarından vurmuşlar alnından grounds.
My friends are the same soldiers confirm that.
The soldiers then Yanımızda adoption 'when they spoke to the man.
That one was probably askerliğini.
They may have to get rid of it for executions.
According to the testimony of Asim Akkaya Türksat Gölbaşı on his first came from the police team.
The stories that the police teams, helicopters güvenlikçilerin tarandığını ammunition to take when they went to the home districts.
They returned 40 minutes later.
Police teams when they Türksat foreign nizamiyesinde didn't get anyone.
Polislerden only 3-4 minutes after he wrote the TV sent from the so-called experts come from people in the building, "Police detailing Akkaya in the group for us to take a personeliyiz Türksat, called for the immediate, we need to get into Turkey."
Police ID sorunca "love the four security guards and multiple phones sarılmışlar yakalandık news had voted in the most," he said.
After an Dağkapı spirit
The AK Party in the region, with the citizens, "enables the bridges" to form a businessman, artists, athletes and deemed the end, including the broad at the beginning of September with a delegation of Diyarbakir and Mardin, Van on the season.
The AK Party, FETÖ Çapkın poured the bloody coup attempt after the junta democracy nöbetleriyle consisting of an "spirit" is preparing to lead the European Commission, in Diyarbakır.
A case, ahead of Eastern and Southeastern Anatolia areas will help in the campaign, the CHP and MHP's provincial chiefs will be invited in.
To the people of the region, "the State and nation with you" message, which will give the AK Party, poor families and the need for owners to bring help.
The last of the AK Party in ramazan MYK conference held for the first time he has focused on the Bridge Project.
In the region suffering from affected families, those in need, especially for children and young people assessed the positive results of the project at the meeting, Gonul Bridge of Eid al-Adha in the continuation of the decision was made.
Overall, Vice President of Public Relations Civil Society, led by Mehmet Müezzinoğlu, started work.
According to this, the East and Southeast in 12 provinces, Diyarbakir and Mardin, in the meeting, Van.
The Central adopted this upcoming meetings ahead of the holiday 3 provinces.
Etkinliklere businessman, artists, athletes and policymakers will also attend.
These meetings, in the field, and that work will focus on the organisation.
A case, and in the famous names of the delegations, established the benefits to the citizens themselves.
To young people and children, after the holiday will receive holiday harçlığı schools reopened for the school in this way giderilecek needs.
The meat will be distributed to holders of need.
After 15 July, the AK Party between CHP and MHP, a coup against the spirit of national unity, this is also reflected in the project.
In the project, including 12 cities CHP and MHP provincial chiefs in organisations will be invited.
3 party together to carry out the activities of the help available.
An Etkinliklere both in the opening had not been invited.
"The father-in-law said Adil Öksüz
Coup attempt on 15 July 1 number, as seen from the 64th FETÖ Adil Öksüz's father-in-law, along with her, were arrested and was transferred to him.
Kayınpeder Cevat Yildirim and line serving Yildirim, they will not be moved away from the criminal, and not out of control abroad was released on the condition that the ban.
Speaking after leaving apart damadına Cevat Yıldırım, to surrender by calling, said: "I am clear that the state."
In view of God versin belasını.
I know my 18 years, they are in fact tanıyamamışım Öksüz Adil.
There is no guarantee that damadım Öksüz Adil.
I want to capture a moment before.
In this way, neither in Turkey, he may, he may, nor in the world.
The Turkish adaletine güvensin Gelsin.
If they were not suffering from the death penalty.
Kaçmakla grievance gives us.
Unfortunately, pity for the state police.
20-25 days, another uğraşmıyor tied to the police.
Turkey does not want to return to Syria, said, "Our Istanbul is not a coup," we need to work.
Turkey's Syria to go and we do not want to be like.
In Syria, such as Turkey, there was a neighbour.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan as president.
"What our work it would be a coup for us," he said.
But, on the other hand, the most recent story on July 19 in the TEM high on Highway Akyazı outlets, while SIR Öksüz perform in the plates in the house of her father in the vehicle Akyazı garajına life after missing.
Üniversiteye FETÖ operation: 30 detention
Fetullahçı terrorist group of the university vigorously in Izmir, as part of the investigations into the button for the operation this morning has been published.
Izmir Mali to combat smuggling by the Directorate of Izmir Katip Şube Chalabi, of the University of during the operation, the decision about the detention of 40 members of the university, one of 30 of the cards were taken into custody.
In Izmir, the Republican, causing ordered detained during the operation with the names of teachers of the games.
The financial figures were detained at the head of the Directorate of Şube was questioned.
The names of the other investigation is ongoing.
Prosecutor naturalist detained
County, according to one of the Police Directorate teams as part of the investigation, the Public Prosecutor Ahmet Fişne Viranşehir makamında has asked to take custody.
After that, the gun Fişne dayayarak will head the suicide attack.
Fişne, a time when friends and turn to be persuaded by his wife, who gave up to suicide.
The detained Fişne Police Directorate, the County Council were taken.
The ban on smoking in parks and sports
Turkey, the mayor of Selim Yağcı 'Culture and Convention Centre, the signing ceremony, the Assembly's decision and the play areas of parks, sports cigarette içilmemesi point at the beginning of a clause eklediklerini regulations, he said.
Yağcı ', new generations about the future of all relevant public institution managers in a bid to sign the protocol, stressing that we had a protocol to be asked of the children and young people for granted.
County Health Director Yasin Yilmaz, a protocol to the people in the Quit bıraktırma and young people reported that they to have bad habits.
The mayor then Konuşmaların Yağcı ', the Rector of the University, Prof. Dr. Ibrahim Stone, the City Council of National Education Director, Provincial Health Director Durmus Virtue, Yilmaz County Public Health Director Omar Balci, Acting Assistant Secretary for Public Hastaneleri and Kadir Serkan Keskin, Acting President of the Association of Turkey ruling Yeşilay AdTranz Savran signed the protocol.
Also, the Ergenekon FETÖ kumpası saw the killing
The Ankara prosecutor's office, in 2009, "he said" It was closed the file, the head of the Special Operations Behgjet Oktay's mysterious FETÖ is investigating the role of the remaining fragments.
The same with the remaining lojmanda Oktay Oktay and dying in 6 days ago Hezbollah Terror suspect, fake name dinleten Intelligence, the head of the former police chief, Ramadan is the primary suspect in the investigation.
The seized as part of the Ergenekon investigation would be a part of a team of FETÖ emniyetteki by Special Operations Bureau çalınıp Oktay did that buried the identified to suggest that were killed.
In Ankara on 25 February 2009 at the beginning of which at the time, was shot as the Special Operations, the head of Behgjet Oktay's death "suicide," the report said.
However, there was a sign of a lot of questions in the incident.
His family and lawyers, the family and the legal battle in support as a result of the evidence put forward by 2 years later, this time the murder investigation has been opened.
Oktay Solak, said to him on the right wing has been hit by a gun.
It also kaburga kemiklerinde kırıklar and traces of force are identified.
The murder trial for soruşturmasıyla, opened in May of 2012.
Only in the case of murder, were killed, and who has been placed in the hands of the trace of powder the most common Halil Kesici were tried.
At the end of a trial Kesici were released.
The prison, and the other for the crime, which sent a letter to the prosecutor's office, who was involved in the death of Oktay Nurhan Onder, "with the crime taking over and judicial authorities through to the" six months jail.
O SAVCILAR SORUŞTURULSUN
Meanwhile, setting up the "suicide," the prosecutor said Hussain Yalcin retired, while the investigation into the murder in which Mustafa Düzgün he was promoted to the Court of Appeals.
The autopsy, along with prosecutors in this family of Oktay Nihat prosecutor's investigation.
Behgjet Oktay's sister and brother Oktay Şule Nezih Oktay with family lawyers, the judge in the process of many call.
Halil Kesici's specially trained Oktay into one per öldürmesinin who said that it is not possible, the family asked for the expansion of the investigation.
The family, who said that the incident searched örtüldüğünü prosecutors and Mustafa Yalcin Hussein with Düzgün, who want to close the file Oktay suicide as police officers asked to identify and prosecute.
All the family objected to the demands of the dying, Oktay 6 days ago Hezbollah terror organisation, a member of the "True," Abdurrahman added, listening to the fake name emerged.
In the era of Dinlemeyi yaptıranın Police Intelligence, the head of Ramadan this time around.
This development amid Behgjet Oktay file again tackle the Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office, in which the Fetullahçı Terror (FETÖ Organisation began to examine the finger).
The highest number of illegal dinlenmesiyle Ankara on the Serious Crimes Court in the case, and 19 in September.
ARKASINDA TABİİ Kİ FETÖ VAR
In the morning, the family of Oktay interviewed by the current investigation conducted hopeful.
The family, members of an earlier during the investigation and trial of declarative FETÖ maintains it claims cover up dissidents.
Brothers and sisters, "Oktay Şule göstere göstere came in fact this murder."
We algılayamadık.
Ağabeyim food in me in before he was in, he said.
I voted in the Kim.
Then they told me with a lower FETÖ pointed out.
I thought, I will be dismissed.
As many as I had never before his death.
Behind this job is, of course, there are FETÖ.
"This period of managing them, it has been," he said.
The family of the dead boy, joined duasına searched
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the previous evening, the occasional democracy nöbetlerine nöbette Külliyesi Presidency, the latest in his garden to the citizens, after they spoke to the AK Party Member of Parliament Nazim Maviş Sinop, democracy has gone through üniversiteli Omar Can Açıkgöz's family has been searching for.
01.30 night praying for his son, in which they place on the phone he said the father, "Mr. Cumhurbaşkanımız Fahrettin Açıkgöz dualarıyla participated in."
"The health of our country and I feel that it is important to us," he said.
In the in the SAĞLIĞINIZ BİZİM ÖNEMLİ DEFENSE
The previous evening, the Presidential Külliyesi President Erdogan spoke to the citizens ’.
Erdogan, whose speech after half of the night, some with their Külliye met in.
An elderly teyzenin nöbetine democracy, keeping it can come together in walking Tayyip Erdogan, one by one, conferred with their children, to teach, subsidies for its citizens to the team.
Later, Erdogan's AK Party Member of Parliament Nazim Maviş Sinop on July 15, has gone through more than his father Omar Can Açıkgöz Fahrettin Açıkgöz are sought.
Who was shot in front of the Presidency Külliyesi TOBB University Faculty of Law Can Omar, 21, a student of his father, 01.30 Fahrettin Açıkgöz night hours in prayer for the martyrs and her son at home while President Erdogan's looking for my son, adding, "I say we pray for Mr Cumhurbaşkanımız dualarıyla participated in."
I also feel that the health of our country, and I told him that is very important for us.
"Mr. Cumhurbaşkanımızın aramasından praying over the phone, and very happy with what we have," he added.
Pyramid of the "FETÖ destroyed
Izmir, sunk in the 64th FETÖ 26 were arrested.
In accordance with the feelings of the victims among the Tutuklananlar "within the organisation that is referred to as" mütegallibe zorba aboneliğini and end the Zaman newspaper Liberation Naip Hepyalçın home threatening player.
Stole the FETÖ himmetçi's sister, 20, was arrested.
In Bursa, including the former Police Chief of Bursa Kahya Ali Osman's is in turn transferred to 24 people.
Doctor İMAMI TUTUKLANDI
Doctors in Edirne the organisation responsible for the imam of Aydin Tünbel were arrested.
At the University of Pamukkale Denizli, 14 of 30, a professor at the University of Alanya Alaaddin Keykubat Karabuk 19, 2, an academic at the University of Rize on his 64th FETÖ Hilmi Sandal were taken into custody.
8 as well, and not with the deputy governor, she and 2 2 kaymakam were taken into custody.
One of the illegitimate detention hearing Hâkimlerden öğrenildi hall was done for.
Deputy governor in Batman Şener Çağlar were suspended.
Suspended at the Istanbul Police (465 2 police chief, was arrested by police.
51 in Konya, Kayseri at 14, 14 in Malatya in Siirt, 10 of the police and the imam in the city of Adana Naim S. was arrested.
The people of that hit the traitor against the PKK koruyormuş
Forty apart from the PKK terrorism, fighting a fierce battle to finish in Turkey, in the fight against the leaders of the organization, there is no reason why this could not have begun to came to light.
Critical of Turkey's institutions, the militants FETÖ consisting of four other side of his hand worked for the connection stated.
Today, the murder of Hrant Dink win against point Uludere incident, such as the reduction of Russian fighter jet behind FETÖ critical incidents of serious doubt and there is evidence that he is beginning to emerge.
HAİNİN SİCİLİ ÇOK KABARIK
During the coup attempt on 15 July President Tayyip Erdogan's oteline Marmaris in the raid on the assassination and manages the operation in the 64th, Brigadier General Gokhan Sahin FETÖ Sönmezateş's record it's proved to be the big ones.
The PKK's earlier Sönmezateş or on air harekatlarını havalanırken aircraft has been cited by terrorists.
His research also intelligence units of the great record Gökhan Sönmezateş.
TERÖRİSTLERİ KORUDU
The PKK, Turkish intelligence sızdırılmasının, as well as warplanes have been affected as the goals set out in full in the table.
MIT's terrorist group the PKK's leader for the staff, it is where the foot Kandil Gökhan Sönmezateş saptırılarak was prevented by the gunmen, claimed that the targets.
Koordinatların Amendment, the PKK's leader, named for the flying warplanes to destroy the goals, side by side on the side of the places affected by the leaders of the terrorist organization, so that it has set in.
Intelligence, noted both goals as well as saptırılmasında havalanmadan F-16s from which the PKK terrorists of their interviews kaçmasında Sönmezateş was found to play an important role.
It opens the file officers 37,000
Terrorist led by Fetullah Gulen order for FETÖ püskürtülmesinden TSK after members of the coup attempt in the in the Ministry of National Defense and the restructuring process was launched.
The military began to enter FETÖ questions, particularly by the military are not members of the organisation, the charge of yıldırılarak anlaşılınca schools sent students, an extensive cleaning process was launched.
The last 39 ihraçlarla amounts officers back, while about 37,000 amiraller generals and officers taken to clean up these officers and for the United Kingdom.
This is especially so for the rank of colonel teğmenlerden kadrolarda terfiler be committed.
Terfiden will be completed a thorough investigation before.
37,000 officers file one by one, opening up to the public.
Forty kılı FETÖ yaran working with members of the troops discovered in the country.
While that has not officers with FETÖ missions will continue.
The latest from the army until the 64th temizlenene FETÖ, adding that the terms of the fighting, however, and the promotion of officers to be done after the investigation.
The Police Intelligence Soruşturmayı, MIT, and the State Council, along with Germany.
The officers opened the file as part of the investigation into whether civilians or military does rank their finishing school, were taking their seats, the term terfiler araştırılıyor and commanders.
It also tertipleri FETÖ through even if they are a member of the forty yaran kılı a study will be investigated.
That does not have any with FETÖ officers, had been a negative influence on any measures will be taken in.
The smallest doubt rastlanılırsa immediately suspended on the basis that officers will be transferred to the judiciary.
FETÖ links to identify those documents and information, all the people who immediately ilişiği with military force.
All of these procedures, derinleştirilecek dondurulurken terfiler during the review.
İhraçlar kadrolarda after setting up a vacuum for the necessary measures will be taken in.
TSK kumpasıyla FETÖ atılanlar retired from the force, and if it does not want to be equivalent to the security that the company after the fact, and the break with friends the same kadrolarda özlük continue his rights.
2 BİN İHRAÇ EDİLDİ SUBAY 133
The chief of staff of the TSK July 1 in 39 of an officer had said.
Lieutenant, üsteğmen, captains, were all his and albaylardan consisting of officers, mostly 32,000 289 personnel, the majority of Land, Air and Marine forces.
July 27, however, in the first wave of 726 ihraçlarda 314, the growth of the Land of 59 in the Air Force, Marine forces, including 99 of the officer has been sacked.
On July 31 the decree, 125 909 Land, also from members of the General Command, above 10,000 more officers with the TSK ilişiği 304 of the war.
"In the interim Pehlivanoğlu FETÖ in many places around the world:
Gathered in the founder and first president, seen as It's retired Başkomiser Pehlivanoğlu Tahsin's, It's zehirlenerek were killed, and it comes from someone who has done in collaboration with FETÖ suggested.
From 1977, died in 1997 at any time up to the side of the interim, Pehlivanoğlu right now, "anyone but Muhsin Yazicioglu anlatmadım helicopter parts of the image of the soldier then follow the same söken Cumhurbaşkanımızı to kill soldiers assigned to create within that because they have to speak in case I had," he said.
It's the movement of the protection which they said:
In 1997 we went to Germany.
3 days before başbuğa Gelmeden home check-up.
Check up, 33, a doctor who Burdurlu Fikret, "18 young gibisin."
"There is nothing," he said.
1 reason is a doctor this month after he died from a heart attack.
In Ankara on 3 April, or came back.
Başbuğum travelled to go on.
While I am looking at the Hilton and Ankara a when she left.
But only after the interim Nişandan seen as the driver in the back "as hungry," he said.
Glass açtırmazdı survival.
A voice shouted hık restaurant dressing.
The Presidential Medical Centre before masajı at heart, but they did it died.
Götürdük Bayındır Medical Centre has been fired, but everyone's business.
Someone who comes from the village, and I think he was.
The autopsy has been done in the interim.
His wife, the former interim Seval söylemlerimi rahatsızlığımı me, of course, will be given, and to go out and there is the added, "It was killed," said in the last to defend.
The recent past, Human feth-i yaptırır açtırır tomb.
If they have a heart attack.
In the interim the tomb opened again.
Lose It was killed?
In Pennsylvania, or gold kaçırırken were!
In Izmir, the businessmen Çapkın FETÖ advances towards 1.5 kilos of weight during the operation, which has its own under in Pennsylvania has been confiscated during the originated.
The searches at work during the operation in Pennsylvania were stuck for 30 kilos of gold, where öğrenildi has its own more.
The businessman Mehmet Eldem's workplace Eldem Kuyumculuk in Pennsylvania as part of a detained after altınların drawn up to 3 people were arrested and sent to prison.
It was also in Izmir, the investigation into the businessmen were detained during the operation, Mustafa Özkara Ezel selected doctor and, according to the selected doctor was arrested.
Izmir, head of the Financial District Police Directorate Şube Directorate at a press conference in July 29 teams in the operation of the Western Mediterranean and Aegean Federation of Business and Industry (ESİDEF) Chairman of the Board, Mustafa Özkara Batınak with Round of Oil Shipping Transit and... The elimination of Tic Ltd. (BALPET) owners Ezel selected doctor selected doctor and, according to an arrest.
While trying to escape to Kyrgyzstan, Izmir Adnan, who was captured at the airport that President Özkara ESİDEF Fetullah Gulen, of the first's credit team acting as Osman Gurbuz Özkara FETÖ's son, and that it is in the area of the Aegean, is one of the most important figures in open.
FETÖ joined the material resources were detained for allegedly Ezel businessmen and other selected doctor, according to the owner of the fuel they are 5 it was reported that he was also were seized.
1 hour benzinci held up 3 hits car
The incident occurred at the Eagle of the explosion last night.
Robberies have kicked Eagle coming to lead the side before the two men were found in a gas station after another 300 metres into a petrol station, and then again, side by side on the way to another station soydu with guns.
Home invasion robbery after the police Eagle alarmed by the defendants as soon as relating to capture has kicked off.
Police teams and U.A. C.Ş. they used the tool to keep track of.
Eagle square istikametinden began to run down the car used by the suspects to the police also fired on the spot.
Pedestrian vaziyette who continue to chase after the suspects one of Sovereignty kıskıvrak was caught on the Boulevard.
Police received information from C.Ş. second in line with him as soon as possible in the process.
They change in the Eagle public safety procedures were sent down in then.
On the other hand, the masked robbery was recorded by cameras.
Gas station security footage leaked kameralarına first suspect as a petrol station after he joined the finding when the vehicle is in jail again, taking their weapons and masks markete cars.
The first suspect who entered markete chains with boğuşma before going on between the employees.
Chains saldırmasıyla employees after he strolled out of other individuals who had retired, being a mask and shot it within days.
The gun suspect that workers have been killed by meeting kasadaki 6,000 has been taking 200 pounds.
The crucial elections body searches 3 istasyondan robberies have nearly 15,000 pounds, possession of a weapon and extortion have vehicles have been seized.
Great Pacific Ocean on the 7.2 magnitude earthquake
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) Centre for Research, the main base on the island of New Kaledonya 109 kilometres east of the earthquake at sea throughout the 10 km derinliğinde poll.
Can and goods led to clean the tsunami, announced shortly after the tsunami warning has been cancelled.
"Earthquake" Circles Conspiracy of Pacific] involved in Vanuatu in the often consists of the earthquake.
The coup has created a prayer şehitlik closer together
On the night of July 15, shot at the Bosphorus Bridge, 38, Cetin Can's relatives, metanetlerini behind.
His wife Fatima Can that night, the news is not yet a coup attempt in which his wife had been "Şevval şehitlik prayer" she learned how to that of a sohbette şehitlik prayer, making him at home, it also recommended that the consequences of prayer, he said.
After the evening television news Namazın attempt a coup and recalled their respective citing Fatma Can, stating:
Hazırlanıp hill together.
Bridge, there were people waiting there gittiğimizde.
Inside, the bridge has fallen to 2 times tanks opened fire.
We continued to tank, then we got one state, we have to move on.
A large bus stop Köprüde had a point.
Many kalabalıktı Orası.
We stopped there for some time, she said.
What we thought, let's İlerleyemeyince added.
"There is a branch of the truck also asked wanted us to.
When he walked into a branch of the sniper, I estimate, and we have a clear goal was shot there.
He ought to have 4 hours after attending prayer prayer as their were killed during that time.
There was no news of the coup falan.
God's hikmeti...
God, the God who is.
My life before, "I am ölürsem mezarıma fruit trees that gave a sharp," he said.
This wish choosing by planting a tree has been at the helm of the tomb.
Fatma Can, President Erdogan will also feel gratitude for the debtor that they were visited, noting "God give him no matter what," he said.
Tesisat down a skull and bone fragments found!
In the evening hours, according to information Edinilen high on palace in Ankara on the road with the New daytime Fakülteler Coşkunlar kesişiminde Street, which in addition to the road train on to the business owners for electricity used during the bone fragments from his work.
After that, workers and neighborhood residents reported to police the situation.
The scene of the incident on the direct order was handled by police teams.
Business owners during the work reports and pieces of bone kafatasını 3 counts of viewing the scene of the incident, the police decided to review the group's news.
The scene of the incident review teams work after the bone fragments packed konularak forensic institution in Turkey.
Residents of the neighborhood, where the former kemiklerin components for the first time, there is a cemetery grave in the 1990s, in the 1960s, there have been over gecekondular gecekonduların later claimed that fell in.
Review has been launched into the incident.
The return of Rita's katilinin may take 4 months
In Istanbul kaybolduktan 34 days later found his body in a wake-up call Gölcük German hairdresser Rita Darı Winkler's (39), 4 months in Germany was captured after the men for the murder of his girlfriend to Turkey, the return of 4 months was described in a statement.
Winkler, 3 March on Thursday, her boyfriend, Ali Kemal S. (46) and for it to be in Turkey.
With S. Ali Kemal Pendik buluştuktan in Istanbul on March 9 after the Wednesday morning in Germany is expected to return to the disappeared.
The family of missing was launched by the Istanbul Police as a result of the research, conducted by suspicions Winkler, who is married to her boyfriend, Ali Kemal S. in the making.
On April 13 the ATV is surely Müge Anlı published Sweet with sharp in the program of S. Ali Kemal, his brother Hussein, which is owned by S. and Gölcük, who was in his acting on the excavation in the workplace.
After direct search in the workplace are up.
Winkler's corpse was found buried in the location on the basis of the business.
S. Ali Kemal Cinayetle related to helping people who were assessed and contradictory statements in which his brother Hussein S. (42), was arrested.
Defendant Ali Kemal S., Winkler's body as soon as he lived in Germany for missing.
Hamm, the chief prosecutor sought by Interpol, 190 countries S. Ali Kemal marched in the street of the suspects were arrested and reported to the police direnmediğini.
The German prosecutor he so far have not been able to identify where they have yet to be published in Turkey, also announced the end of 4 can find the process.
The 64th FETÖ create as a nation on the night of July 15, registered in around the five read salayı moved to fire a mosque have appeared.
In the morning, it is as close as soon as the base, which will be sent to the launch site Camisi TAİ mosque in an attack on a mosque with images in the name of "kutsallar imamının şikâyet" during an interview with a witness statement.
According to information, to the mosque sala darbeciler okunmaya shortly after the start of the nearly 50 metres from goal, taking direct hoparlöre have started to fire.
A bullet on the sidelines of the 4 hoparlörün şerefeye also hit.
Darbeciler hoparlörü ettiremeyince hit the central system by the end of the sala read aloud.
According to the scene of the incident with the intention to kill the imam of the mosque tutanaklarına door and return it within that went darbeciler postallarıyla moved inside.
Mustafa Sugar İmamı Mosque, also testified: "I have no personal yaralanmadım şikâyetim mosque, however, as even the people that can shoot and Win, who were killed in this way, the most severe cezalandırılmalarını canilerin I want," he said.
Festivalde assaulted the young drug
In the last week in Istanbul Sarıyer held a youth festival which was taken to hospital from 2 to 5 people died.
August 6, according to one of the Bahçeköy held in a youth festival attendees of the 5 was taken to hospital.
The treatment of which was led by Brigadier Ergin (19) and Gokhan Alataş (19) were killed.
3 people, the treatment of the subject.
The police, who attended a youth drugs hap has been put forward to 5 people were taken into custody.
Contact the following procedures emniyetteki 5 suspects who had been arrested, 2 of 3 tutuksuz and put on trial were released.
The mortality rate for young people in nedenine research on trial.
In the town of the Burhaniye Balikesir, who set up a tent camp on the edge of the resort, and two of the teens 6 using the drug in Britain.
B.D., who was in the hospital and he died.
Then, to put the other 4 young people for questioning the testimonies of police were taken as governor.
In front of the house where he lived separately from his wife who was a bomb
, 41, who lives in Bursa M.Y., about 9 months ago due to the severe discord blocks home that left his wife rented the house and in front of his own in an attempt to make nails into bilya arttırdığı power of a coup with the homemade bomb, wiretapping.
Yesterday evening, earlier in the day due to the boom in citizens fear and panic, while the düzenekteki bilya nails and pieces of windows camlarının homes in the history of the environment in the country.
The fight against terrorism teams who fled after the incident and the unemployed identified M.Y clinging work for free.
Residents of the neighborhood because of the pressure from his wife, the woman about a month before the house, left the house for the nation, he said.
The explosion in the prison in the Philippines: 10 dead
And a spokesman for the Bureau of Prison Management Penoloji senior inspector Xavier Solda Paranaque Prison in Manila, in the cause of the explosion is not yet then two of 10 prisoners died in the Chinese citizens, he said.
One was seriously wounded in the blast which Solda gardiyanın expression, "according to the first study confirmed there was an explosion inside."
"Due to the explosion in research is continuing," he said.
Other prisoners before the incident, when he found out the girls in a building on the reports that it wants to discuss gardiyanla incelendiğini Solda, investigators said, adding that the explosion an escape attempt are investigating if there is a part of the day.
Police official Jose Carumba, also said in a statement to local media, the voice of the fighters, weapons gardiyanın prisoners after the shooting, he asked, had reported that over a hand grenades.
Curumba, authorities, the weapon that hit the guard how prison inmates soktuklarının investigated, he said.
Explosions were heard in Thailand
4 in the city in the south of Thailand explosions in 3 people were killed.
Officials, Hua Hin Trang, Phuket, Surat Thani and 3 people were killed in the blasts, including tourists, where 35 people were injured, he said.
Police Spokesman Piyapan Phingmuang, at a press conference was not linked to the terrorist bomb attacks explained.
Phingmuang argue with anyone, "Thailand regional or religious there is no problem."
"I think it is an act of sabotage an internal" out of the question
Cunta Çan-oça leader Prayut also told reporters that he is behind the explosions, who said he did not want to comment.
"Sükuneti Oça, peace, and the confidence to concentrate," he said.
On August 17 last year in the capital, Bangkok's Erawan Rajprasong commercial centre in the bomb attack near the Temple of 20 people killed and 120 wounded.
The cemetery "toxic" Cruel iğneyle will be executed
In the United States, long over the years, at least 10 arrested for murders committed by the Grim Sleeper "(others), also known as" Cruel Lonnie David Franklin, 63, was sentenced to a death.
Franklin, who is a former cleanup worker, the murder of the life of the women and drug bağımlılarını seçiyordu target.
Franklin was putting the prevailing stage by Kennedy, though, such as the monstrous "your address and so many awful crime, adding that I've seen in my life," he said.
Franklin's California in the history of one of the two, is one of the most bloody hand, the report said.
Deliberately killing 10 people and attempting to murder a person convicted of Franklin's toxic iğneyle öğrenildi will be executed.
In Macedonia FETÖ "opposed to the measures
Macedonia, Minister of State Furkan Çako FETÖ uzantılarının legal aspects in the countries of the truth, and had taken steps to launch investigations are needed, he said.
The organisation in Macedonia at the same time in the media and in the world of business activities, "Assistant Çako reminder that all of these things are known to the public."
Here, the Turks now FETÖ does not allow their children to schools.
Now our people and we call for their children to come to the yollamamaları we do.
"Even before the public and misafirperverliğinden teveccühünden advantage of this structure is known for good by public opinion," he added.
Sky meteor shower yağmurlarına colours
And this year's National Observatory TUBITAK Astronomy and Space Sciences at Istanbul University Professor of the Department of an associate professor Dr Hasan Esenoğlu, AA, told a Perseid August 12 of the 13 August on Friday through Saturday night, connecting will reach the highest level.
Thousands of fragments would impact of "solar rays and Swift tuttle comets - dubbed" the stone they drop in 1991 with the Perseid Esenoğlu said youngsters, this situation is the natural visual şölene indicate about it.
Perseid Esenoğlu, used for the first time the milestone in 1862 they found in the 1990s, and also confirm the spectacular in the world again.
The celestial milestone yağmurunun Perseid during the months of July and August, "voicing izlenebildiğini Uzaydan Esenoğlu from such an important seyretmemiz ilgilenmemiz, a visual way."
In the end this is a natural visual şölen.
"The Universe will contribute to a better helps." He added.
Soğukken sıcakken saçacaklar light red, white
The celestial milestone Esenoğlu during a wave of words, some of them were the size of mercimek will fall to having set, we can
Perseid ısıları santigrata could reach up to 2,000.
Heat and sürtünmeden Atmosferdeki rushed for the natural environment, the red and white soğukken sıcakken -- which are providing light.
International Göktaşı at their internet site, how much they are the cornerstone of his apparently bulunulabilir contribute to science.
The data to be collected from all over the world is the value of the information.
Follow all the night
The celestial milestone yağmurunun moving at a speed of around 60 seconds, a reminder of this visual şölenin Esenoğlu sky, at least to the northeast in the light of all the places in a good way, apparently voiced during the night.
More than 100 years, the celestial milestone occurred, citing Esenoğlu yağmurunun Perseid 4-17, after a series of stone in the December Geminid yağmurunun worth noting a stone in the nature of the incident, he said.
Erdogan less educated, the former football player
This balance bozansa, less educated, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the former football player of the populist who led the way with the Islamists believe that to some extent the broader Fetullah Gulen, who is a devout entrepreneur in Texas from across the region to more than 1,000 schools, scores of university education institute founded the highly educated and the winning ittifakıydı Hawaii.
Yukarıdaki, Foreign Policy reported last week in the paper, a translation cümlenin.
A graduate of the university, which Erdogan's less educated and former football player; elementary school, which Gulen's wide horizon is described as an entrepreneur, he produced müridlerinin Gulen made clear that this and other articles in the Western media are often.
After that, on the other hand, it is "Why in Turkey, America and / or the work is the face of the West?" Articles in the issue, a fact Erdogan began cümlelerle... 'when they are trying to explain.
In Turkey, along with the West during Erdogan's nevzuhur reports a situation many analysts who believe that it is possible to think that Turkey may not disallowed.
In fact, according to the statistics, the Erdogan era during the first ten years in Turkey, where the power was drawn to the West, or an average of one period as readable.
Because these ten years with the European Union and the United States of America and with the synchronised way sürmekteydi good relationships.
In Erdogan's one-minute with his criticism of Israel to be in Syria, the Assad regime in the massacres, a result of the civil war broke out that the EU has revealed a clear policy and the failure of the refugee crisis in Turkey in the clean up the European Parliament President Schulz, such as some figürlerin muhatabımız "Erdogan is not that the" üstenci attitudes, in the UK, the opening of the contest in his own files and do so at the time, the London Mayor, şimdinin Foreign Minister's disappointment over the alleged confessions edemeyeceğiniz iğrençlikteki run to win in Turkey, the PKK, that entered the country from Syria, say a live bomb katlederken provides an advanced to explain whether the PKK's Syrian affiliate, the YPG in Europe, both in office açtırılarak yüceltilmesi exhibitions, both of the United States, who has served in Syria, YPG troops, in uniforms giymeleri armalı DAEŞ with dealing with special representative Brett the McGurk's bid to join the YPG private visits to the YPG, the threat to Turkey as part of the opposition groups, all the while insisting that the isolated vein and logistical support to the YPG, on the other hand, turning the DAEŞ küçümsenmesi struggle with, and even in Mosul as well as US support for the Baghdad administration and reducing the number of our unity with the pressure and the like are included many reasons.
The Hadi, a bloody coup, and as a result we are 247 insanımızı our so-called EU countries and in the United States, the failure of the coup until up to inflict no support gelmeyişini, Kerry's speech in the first set to peace and stability in Turkey, they expect to be constructed in the democracy and the elected government, no accent yapmayışını diyelim we forgot.
In Paris, asked Charlie Hebdo 11 workers were killed for Turkey, including many leaders from around the world participated in the protest march for democracy, but falling tanklara coup attempt 247 people were killed after a month of the past, though it is in Turkey's allies in any of the Western countries, how could anyone be unutulacak a speaker?
On the issue of refugees from several times a year, a senior representative yollayanların başkanların or the lower range of what would also send representatives?
Hurriyet newspaper dressing breaking asked all the ambassadors of the EU and the United States in the past, it has to go to Turkey without a visit to the Grand National Assembly, a solidarity visit bulunmamalarını economic growth.
When the coup in Egypt during the first two weeks of the EU's high representative yollayarak sıkıştığı al Sisi, the leader of the coup, and Kerry's visit to democracy after a coup in recovering as saying the coup leadership yücelttiği hatırlanırsa direnişinde, support for democracy in Turkey, which is not a cause of Western countries with every Turkish demokrasisinden kaygılandıklarını expressed sincere in Turkey, contains many of the lack of abnormal does?
Hâlbuki around 95% of people pay their respects Gulen as the chief of the coup in the United States, to be allowed to leave freely, even now, to settle the Turkish people outraged.
With this background I have outlined above, I think the emerging Western / eklenirse America attracts only a açıklanamayacak with Erdogan, the situation is clear.
Moreover, he is already the United States has said that it is the effect of Michael is not even...
It means that the polls do not have never teferruat
The small, defined by their own people, "he said," Voting teferruattır voters do not think like him, "as" ignorant kaşıyan Karnını aşağılayan Gezi zekalılar July 15, after a night on the question of whether the same telden çalabiliyorlar?
The people of this state and democracy has emerged after seeing how "we can answer the question" where yanıldık aramışlar is there?
But the answer to the questions that must be found so much?
Düne traitors, who served up to the levels of the state the right to use their weapons and the officers, at a time when the "how" Hain seemed to enter the status and security of foreign istemişlerdir asylum.
How can a president amid the kind of persons and the mentally backward takıntıların sapıklık nitelenecek davranışlara how people see as directed.
When it comes to attempts to ‘ sulanmış...
This action participants to Turkey's cities of Syria's cities benzetmekten whether it's come up with a further than that?
An officer why he bombs that the parliament of his own country?
With a wealth of bedduaları FETÖ sulanmış beyinlerden wait in line with the behaviour of the surface, such as a yanılgıya düşmemeliydik part of the world.
Others are responsible for them, of course, everything is chief bilelim FETÖ is not the only.
The politics of the fight, kin and hatred as a profession, also offering staff contributions yapmışlardır necessary about the tragedies.
Aydin as "feel," offering, in every form of rule aymazlar unethical behaviour is natural and even terbiyesizliğin inandırmışlardır crowds.
The people of their own weapons in the hands of those who hate this to the public how verilince welcome, even at the end, we saw the fire.
We know, the way to democracy
I say something very simple: On the evening of July 15 by Turkey, the soldiers inside the 64th tufeylilere FETÖ haramilere, killed 250 sergerdelere, gave a very established kurtarmaktan and democracy.
But behind the course of the 15 July of 2012; 2002-2012; and there is the aftermath, including three period.
These three: There's three prepared at the time of the economic, social, political.
The appearance of the two big social change in rural areas: Drafted metropole and migration of this for a very long time to move to the centre after being kept around the cities.
On Wednesday, I have made clear that through the metro to be given it.
What are the geçmeyin metro is the most important component of social change, I also added.
The second major change to the same doğrultudaki yollardır and bridges.
Roads and bridges creates modernleşmeye contribute to more easily understandable.
Cause income, economic and social structure.
Don't have a boyfriend, so much has not changed its structure.
This historic rise to the Bosphorus in Istanbul I identify köprülerle taken away from me.
Demirel, the Bosphorus Bridge.
This 1950s after villagers doruğuydu movement in the 1960s.
She is now the name of the same sort of progress on 15 July Martyrs Bridge as the second değiştirdiğimiz territories.
Their road routes even established the relationship between the central çevre-.
Then run a social change is a sign of izlendiğinin route.
Demirel and Özal's large crowds walking eritmekti day.
Also like them benimsetmekti ideology.
The AK Party has done many years, a third bridge.
Because all the pace of immigration.
The people of the satellite cities were relocated.
It has been established in areas with a bit of a closed system.
The AK Party's local governments to people aş, business, social status, they also decided to vote for the AK Party.
So that the atmosphere of the home, and when walking, not political bilinçlerini ownership in the centre, and after that, as they were asked to come in.
The formation of the AK Party ahead of the ongoing debate over the course of the wear alakalıydı (with).
This debate, the conservative accusations from people and issues mütedeyyin taşralı durmalarındaki side by side is not obliged to accept the general.
As I said after the AK Party in 2002, in a way, is the growing number of siyasallaştırdı olgunlaştırdı, added, in politics.
They then, now 3, that on the construction of the bridge, on July 15th at the time co-author, democratic struggle.
It means that, history and sociology örtüşmüştür.
More: Ekleyeyim dimension to that of the AK Party, I said the move is not limited to just the Istanbul köprüleriyle.
Is something more interesting happening: The AK Party now includes a tradition of the central cities of the environment.
This is provided through the two bridges.
A Osmangazi, Bridge.
Two of the bridge, the Dardanelles 1915.
Ways to add it.
In Turkey, Izmir from Thrace to now look at the other end.
Do you know what this young man, Izmir after that, now would be the other side of the city.
Of course, the AK Party diyelim in Izmir on the inside, where no longer take in from outside.
Now, now, now, to the cities of Thrace coğrafyalara if other humanities and social.
So!
15 July şehitleri yıldızlarıdır most of this great country.
Fenerbahce in Van Persie and from the time of the holidays
Fenerbahce Grasshoppers, preparations for the match in the morning he said he did.
Can Bartu fit in coach, Vitor Pereira in the management of training started in scores of hours, a total of 1 hour 30 minutes.
The Salonda antrenmanın core and 30 minutes after the race, the players to the field reports and warming of 2 to 5 with movements capture the ball and pass.
A pair of narrow areas of training, the matches have been completed.
Fenerbahçe, preparations for the evening when he made a will continue today.
Aziz Yildirim of Gulen's complaining that this person...
In a statement to the Fenerbahce Şike Operation related to new developments.
In a statement released to CNN Turk and participating in the programme of this operation FETÖ are made by announcing the journalist Hüseyin Gülerce a name from the world of sport, "Fethullah Gulen's Aziz Yildirim's kicked out of words raised."
"Yildirim, a day on board this does Senin Fethullah Gulen in the side of the job is what words there are," he said.
That person Gulen on his words aktarınca Fethullah Gulen, Aziz Yildirim, told him.
Aziz Yildirim, told him the reason?
In Turkey, the head of the club which many fans this zihniyetteyse, arguing that could hurt him.
"In the case of Aziz Yildirim Şike an improvement in expectations for it."
In a statement following this remark Şike Trial, a lawyer for one of the main Faik Light, who came from.
Published by the Light Haberturk Karşıt Aziz Yildirim, and appeared in terms of FETÖ leader Fethullah Gulen to complain about the people.
Compare Faik Light's statements:
Aziz Yildirim, Fethullah Gulen, who were about to say something Kalkavan.
Azerbaijan, came from a private plane.
Aziz is a humorous Lewy, one of the critical batıcı cümlelerle de date.
Then, maybe a bit kanatır batıcı in sentences.
Then some cümlelere can react.
These sentences are in place.
Havlular himmetler, businessman, so long as the Hac Umre, as if to excuse such as oralara to go like that, the other hand will come to power.
They are what the business, he says, has a very critical of the way.
Of course, this is not the only problem.
Meanwhile, a football team, a researcher at the time.
Galatasaray club in some football players and managers from the direct connections and Hakan Şükür...
The different Şike Muharrem Master:
Trabzonspor, Muharrem Master, Fenerbahce in the friendship reach to.
In Turkey, the issue is a matter of all the clubs, "voicing Veteran tarafındayız 79 of up to this country."
A golden sergilemeliyiz survive.
Fenerbahce's FETÖ, if there is a problem with the injustice was done, I was behind the dururum Fenerbahce.
"But the Trabzonspor and Fenerbahce, matches between the subject is different," he said.
Kurbanlık prices announced
Karabulut, said: "As part of a vibrant kurbanlık dananın 18 pounds we set the price category."
"The price of Düve kilogramını alive again in 17 pounds, second class, having ineğin alive as the price of 15 kilograms in the pound as we found," he said.
Last year, the victim, which will be produced in selling animals Karabulut, noting that the citizens of the victims while they pay attention to talk about the plan.
Particular attention needs to be küpesine listen to the animals.
Also to be very important in healthy animals.
For that sacrifice our citizens, while the animal out of the control of aşılarını symptoms.
Cosmetic, it is also the victim, and are found to be alive, needs to be taken on the ruffle.
Also, sümük Yüzünde salya symptoms such as lack of eye.
Animals that are not in the last hours of the victims have been put up for sale, and we have seen have been sold.
The animal, which a kurbanlık should receive the age of 2.
So in the animal dişlerine oceans taunt.
In the age of 2, pointing at an animal shelter as, having been discovered but it has.
But the age of the smaller animals, which, while it has never been discovered.
It looks like a large animal can be seen but can never has had a cover story.
He had a cover story, which is already bigger than the others because it is immediately noticeable.
The airport will be held in the sea of Rize
In Turkey, even though the sea with a second airport to be built will be of Rize Airport.
On Sunday, the city of Rize Airport Yesilkoy Village Girl with the post, the Tower, is the area between the 266 hectares between 26 and 32 metres away, though he will be based in the sea.
More derinliğin building the airport of Rize, due to the fact that the Army - Giresun kullanılandan at the airport about 3 times more dolgu material will be used.
As part of the project, the hour 36 aircraft landing and take-off could do 45 feet of 3,000 metres long track with the pad will be constructed.
Generally, passenger and cargo planes to serve of Rize Airport also türbülans class composition class D, the heavy weight of take-off, consisting of more than 150,000 kg, is expected to serve in.
The Ministry of Communications and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee of the General Directorate of Infrastructure Investments by September 8 in the history of the tender for the project that would be of Rize Airport in the first place, even though the sea, track pad, taksirut çevreyolu, arc, wire, safety, the environment, the PAT mendirek sites and lighting things will increase.
The 600 million lira will cost jobs.
150 million pounds after work in infrastructure spending in the terminal buildings, covering the upper structure of things.
The production of Rize Airport 2 years 9 weeks.
8 cent increase Motorine
Fuel distribution companies, it will be put to midnight motorinin started with an average increase of 8 cents.
Oil Products employers' union (PÜİS), according to one of 13 August 2016, starting with motorinin litresinde delay the rise in the price of an average of 8 cents.
According to this, in Ankara, which costs the average price to become the lira motorinin 3,76 pounds operations.
The average price in Istanbul motorinin 3,63 liradan 3.71 pounds, Izmir, where he was an average 3,66 liradan 3,74 pounds will be available.
Distribution firms set prices, competition and because most companies and cities, according to the small change of addiction.
Last week, the fuel distribution companies motorinin Friday 4 cents a litre of the price of the increase on the island.
Compare Gulen's sohbetindeki Galatasaraylı footballers
A period of Turkish football and the national team players, which marked Galatasaraylı FETÖ in 1996, the head of Fetullah Gulen's sohbetinde involving emerged.
In 1996, Fetullah Gulen, who was shot in his sohbetini listens to footballers among, Mert Korkmaz, Hakan Ünsal Buruk Okan, Arif Erdem, Ismail Demiriz Tütüneker Tepekule Yusuf, he says, and in a way that is clear.
These sohbette by Gulen, Galatasaray, we won, we spoke of the "4 goals," he said.
The former imam of football FETÖ known as Said Alpsoy SABAH daily in the last days, "Turkey in 2002, when it comes to the third team in the World" collection was dispersed.
Emre, Okan, Hakan Şükür Arif, Hakan Ünsal primlerden this money and votes.
Money collected as many as a quarter, or about $500,000.
This money has gone to the Pennsylvania Arif Erdem.
"Gulen later Arif's methiyeler düzdü minded."
Gulen's national team players joined sohbetine!
Emel Dereli bid farewell to Rio
2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games athletics, a degree in Turkey in the women's shot in the women's national team representing athletes Emel Dereli could not reach the play-offs.
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, held at the Olympic Stadium in the city of athletics in the games, the women's shot put started over.
The last European, first on the third Emel Dereli 17,01 16,86 metres a second, on the third attempt, while the shooting was invalid.
The chain of 11, behind in all 24 33rd place on the national team, I went to the kalamayarak died at the Olympics.
Both the player and the joint Sportif were!
Daikin Sultanlar Volleyball League, Galatasaray captain Nihan Güneyligil extended the contract of the players, the athletes and the sporting and at the same time as the manager came to an agreement.
The club said in a statement, sarı-kırmızılı athletes, 34, both as a player and at the same time sporting the contract signing, saying "Başarılarla filled with a volleyball career, as well as at least as important as a career, the owner of the cap Nihan Güneyligil character in his new position dedicated achievements dileriz." The report said.
In his career he became the first league scoring Bika. 1 living Nihan, 75 years later, the Besiktas respectively., Insurance and Sun VakıfBank formalarını Fenerbahce.
Last season, Turkey Nihan Güneyligil Volleyball Federation (TVF) 2016 TBVL Fair Play and the Turkish National Olympic Committee held by Turkey, was awarded the Fair Play award.
League Volleyball Aydın composed of Galatasaray HDI Insurance of the national team, the new season Ayvazoğlu Can athlete for the team at the same time sporting the manager as to take office.
The club said in a statement, Can sarı-kırmızılı 2016-2017 season for a player with both the sporting and at the same time as the once saying, "against Galatasaray at each, which sends out a career, as well as the owner of a major character dear Can Ayvazoğlu dileriz success in his new position," it said.
China table tennis final job!
2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games in the men's singles table tennis, Chinese Long Ma won the gold medal.
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in the city of Riocentro held in the table tennis match, dissolved the medals in the men's singles.
In the final, the 4-0 Zhang Jike citizen who beat Ma, a gold medal in the competition.
Zhang's silver medal in the men's singles match against the third place these days, the Belarus, Vladimir Samsonov, the beat with Japanese Yun to the bronze medal.
Fiji won their first medal
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in the Olympic city in Deodoro rugby in the final of the men's game with Fiji ran into Great Britain.
Fiji beat rival 43-7, won the gold medal in the competition.
Great Britain has a silver medal, a bronze medal in the category of these days in Japan, 54-14 who beat South Africa of the event.
The game was critical in the Olympics Cüneyt Cakir's
FIFA kokartlı hakemlerimizden Cüneyt Cakir, Brazil's 2016 Olympics, in "the squad will perform under Brezilya-Kolombiya match.
Bahattin yardımcılıklarını Cüneyt Cakir of Duran and Tarik Ongun will take over.
The fourth of the game while the referee will be the French Clement Turpin.
In the city of Sao Paulo Arena Corinthians in the local time of the game will start at 22.00.
The UEFA If the referee Cüneyt Cakir, located in the category for the ninth time in his career, in the finals of the tournament the international forces.
In Istanbul, 5,000 police control!
In Istanbul, "Yeditepe couldn't implement the law enforcement" as part of the 39 counties, with the participation of more than 5,000 police control, backed by a helicopter.
The Istanbul Police Director Dr Mustafa Caliskan koordinesinde across the city, launched on the night, the narcotics law enforcement regime for the fight against crime and the fight against financial crimes, the fight against terrorism, smuggling and organized crime, the special operations force, agile and traffic crews, including several police agreed.
Suspicious of the people, the General Information testing (GBT) checks the listed the wanted individuals, arms, stabbing, focuses on the suspects were carrying drugs.
The cities of the coastal strip away the sea with respect to support.
Kadıköy Söğütlüçeşme metrobüs station after leaving the ongoing applications, as well as those in the GBT sorgulamalarının valizleri seized bags and also control the company.
Traffic controls has become the practice, police helicopters in the air, to support us.
Öğrenildi will continue until late in the practice.
Social media coup propagandasına arrest!
According to information Edinilen Isparta, head of the Cyber Security Directorate, Gökhan Okçu Şube Directorate teams of social media FETÖ propaganda of the coup attempt and said President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the humiliating knowledge after working for free.
The poll showed that Gökhan Okçu FETÖ to attempt a coup and the coup plotters, praised karşıtlarına and President Erdogan's offended paylaşımlarda setting teams are in operation, there are others.
Emniyetteki Okçu who had contact the following procedures, were arrested.
Since then, the deputy governor of the province have been detained and kaymakam
After the coup of FETÖ initiative, launched as part of the investigation, the Interior Ministry said the administrative expelled sacked Deputy Governor stole with Karahallı Kaymakamı Ertekin Halil Ibrahim Hakki Başhan ekiplerince dinner earlier in the day, the police were taken into custody.
The suspects were taken with Başhan Ertekin, he wanted.
Robert Amsterdam from many dramatic statements about FETÖ!
Fetullahçı Terror Organisation (FETÖ) international illegal activities as a legal rule of law firm is investigating the Amsterdam & Partners, the official, Robert Amsterdam, told the US magazine Forbes, an article written by taking FETÖ is how a wealth of information that future.
FETÖ leader, Fetullah Gulen's Pennsylvania malikanesinden in Amsterdam, run by the organisation, the Gulen's "in the United States, around 150 (contracted) charter school işlettiğine how closely involved in the organisation of advanced degree under the secret that is very clear that the military personnel organisational put up there."
Amsterdam, seven months ago by Turkey Gulen linked to companies and schools to study the cause, up until now, been called bulduklarının stressed that it was "shocking."
Amsterdam, in spite of the moment in an article says:
İfşacıların us, according to the Gulen group, were the case to have a strict hiyerarşiye.
The instructions are usually Gulen in the face to face with the Poconos iletiliyor during meetings.
The group made up of seven Tepede management consulting group (there are).
This group of instructions advisory committee later.
The instructions from there, respectively, the country imamlarına imamlarına region within the country, region, city imamlarına imamlarına prefectures, within the region, the neighbourhood imamlarına imamlarına imamlarına homes, student (light), and the students to go home.
The businessmen, bureaucrats and officers, and according to desteklerine positions within the organisation of different levels of employees.
The organisation across the globe, is opening a place, 55,000 jobs in the United States, the largest contract the school has a network covering the Amsterdam, American taxpayers paid taxes every year, with millions of dollars that had been reported in schools.
Much of this money, Amsterdam, are being driven, among them members of the organisation and the companies that are contractors "elected," he wrote.
The operation of these now örneklerle Amsterdam, said:
California is in the Magnolia, Gulen schools associated with the company in the same office and shared by the equivalent of the annual service kontratı was captured while the $700,000.
Amsterdam, in another example in Oklahoma prompted the Dove Science Academy.
Amsterdam, this school property in its owner paid a $3.1 million extra, also has been part of the school and the leadership of the company owned by the same people who say they have been linked to Gulen have been identified, he said.
Gulen network the biggest place which had 46 şubeli Harmony in schools in similar situations have been that took Amsterdam, FETÖ linked to smaller companies, such as the purchase of curriculum software license there money supplies, he said.
In a statement, the Amsterdam FETÖ underlining that helped fuel the rich, "that I gave examples of American taxpayers, about 28 million according to indicate that abuse."
"While this is more by now bulduklarımızın" out of the, out of the question
Until now, such a case for them is something that raises pointing out Amsterdam last time period, the situation is even more sour, all of them are on the Texas Education Agency düzensizlikleri reminded the study started.
Amsterdam, carrying out normal on the surface of the schools, many of them employed in what kind of corruption that he is stressed that there is no information.
"However, Amsterdam, in effect for Gulen schools, such as the snow machine is working."
"A huge amount of money later on Gulen, unlawful activities in an attempt to conceal political donations for use," was his assessment.
These schools have been working from a former American teachers who witness Gulen schools, according to a separate meetings with some of the workers, their wages in a certain part of the organization that are about his Amsterdam, "the Turkish Armed Forces in the members of the Gulen is believed to have tried similar işleyişte."
Over the years, offer güçlendiriyordu kışkırtıcıları coup.
"On the surface, however, the military normally işlerken force behind the scene of a parallel force d" wrote.
Amsterdam, makalesini finished said:
In the United States policy makers with 15 or 16 July, and after the events of interest into question, and this is something which is expected.
However, the two allies to re-register the diplomatic level, whereas the individual state as makamlarındakilerin Gulen's operations in the United States swiftly, in violation of the laws of others are necessary.
In Istanbul, the 22 members of the judiciary on the run!
The High Council of Judges and Prosecutors (HSYK), 10 by August 2016 in the history of the office and suspended by the Prosecutor's Office in Ankara Fethullahçı Terror launched an investigation for alleged members of the United States judges and prosecutors in Istanbul, who was 22 of which öğrenildi escape.
Istanbul 11 August 2016 Republican from the prosecutor's office in the history of the United States suspended by the HSYK judges and prosecutors in Istanbul, who was 67 of detention and the search was given about the decision.
From the prosecutor's office announced the search homes and workplaces, 45 members of the judiciary were taken into custody.
The cards were found, there were 22 mensbunun öğrenildi who escape justice.
This is about the members of the judiciary decision to capture öğrenildi auction.
Also arrested 45 of the 18 suspects after arresting them, demanding testimony savcılıktaki web Criminal Hakimliği transferred to the state.
The cards were 22 judges and prosecutor's search procedures remain.
In Konya, 11 people were taken into custody!
As part of the investigation, given the decision about the detention of people for his work in the towns.
This context would follow City Council tasked with 4 officers and Special Merve Şahika School work at 1 and 6 teachers who were taken into custody.
The State Hospital would follow health control passed, the suspects were taken to the Police Department would follow.
In the street in Diyarbakir, the advent of the ban were removed!
In a statement, Valilikten Lice, Silvan Kulp and mountainous and forested north of which operate on the ground, including senior managers, where she covered the terrorists and business birlikçilerinin disabled, they are used by the shelter, the homeless and storage areas in the detection and materials in order to focus on the day of the operation, the statement said.
Silvan's Dolaplıdere Dağcılar Lice, and the, the, the, the Dallıca Çıralı Kıyıköy Türeli Kulp Kutlu and the, the, the, the, the Çukurca Demirli al-Qamishli Temren Taşköprü Bayırköy, and even more likely to take to the streets in the villages, reportedly ended the ban, said in a statement the moment
The executive who lives in areas of the operation of the public with goods and 5442 ensuring the security of the Municipal Administration Act, pursuant to the provisions of the relevant civilian citizens in a bid not to 9 hours 05.00 starting in August, announced the decision to shut down, as of 5pm today.
In a statement, ensuring the security of life and property for the introduction of the ban was thanked for uydukları citizens.
Bus passengers in Islamic toppled!
Coast Guard Harem, according to one, on the way to a bus company owned by Yilmaz E. (37), led by 34 ZP 5568 plates passenger bus crashed, taking out of control due to the rains.
Information from the scene of the incident, the police, health and fire crews being transferred.
Passengers sit side by side, as a result of the work of firefighters otobüsteki vehicles were issued.
3 injured passenger injured Haydarpaşa Numune Training and Research Hospital on Sunday.
The crash because of the closure of roads, damaged the vehicle after the removal of the system.
Colonel General Staff in charge of Nato FETÖ was arrested by!
In Izmir, Fetullahçı Terror / Parallel State Under (FETÖ Çapkın) for the operation to capture the decision about who detained in Ankara and NATO Command Centre Against dubbed Mükemmeliyet Caglayan Ozkan, Colonel General Staff in charge were arrested.
In Izmir, the Republican Başsavcıvekili Okan Bato Çapkın FETÖ, "of the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) within the" he is for the second leg as part of the investigation, conducted by the decision to capture about the person's Caglayan, in Ankara, Izmir were detained and in the West.
Izmir Police Directorate Combating Organized smuggling Şubesindeki transactions after the health checks, passed Caglayan, contact the duties.
The Prosecutor's Office, "said a member of the terrorist group," and "for the organisation to operate," the guard to stand trial on charges of Caglayan, arrested.
Cavusoglu's statement of the guideline from the boss
Cavusoglu, the boss of the True and Fair Öksüz Georgia were arrested in the district asked "at this point, the information is wrong."
But it had been coming.
All of them are considered.
We are in close contact with officials in Georgia.
"In all the details, information, information from the course of a life," he said.
In Georgia, there were some suspicion about whether the question, "Cavusoglu said before turning Zekeriya fled to Georgia."
The Customs crossing may be identified.
If you go to Europe, where there is information.
The only information that each of us, but for two of the other kaçanlarla on any information we look at, we also follow.
Traces of the Satanic kaçarlarsa kaçsınlar tomorrow, "he added.
With his Iranian counterpart, Jawad Zarif, asked about calls, "Cavusoglu also discussed issues assessed."
Among Iran, Turkey, there is a very issue.
Political, trade, transport, energy, counterterrorism partner].
There are also regional issues.
Especially in Syria, including Syria, Iraq, Yemen, the Gulf Region.
The solution of the problems we live coğrafyadaki Turkey and Iran can play an important role.
Both fikiriz on many issues.
Syria's territorial integrity, and border integrity DAEŞ in Syria, and other terrorist organisations in the clearing, one involving the government, which is one of many issues both fikiriz.
He had already been different for Assad.
But they, as usual, we will continue to talk.
The ceasefire, as well as the Geneva negotiations continue, fikiriz issues.
In fact, the result of the union opinion front, not as long as I don't have the
"The important thing is to get a result," he said.
Cavusoglu, Turkish planes when operations in Syria, it will be a question for them, "heyetimiz went to Moscow."
"The purpose of these mechanisms kurmamızın DAEŞ here, especially in the struggle against what steps have been made, and in any event, the accident in order to avoid the checks should be taken in a way," he added.
Iran and asked for the purchase of gas from Iran and Turkey, "Cavusoglu, the two brothers state."
Tahkimler then decided we should, we had our own yapabilelim agreement on the issue.
There was also a bit sitem.
These agreements also Tahkime yapabilmeliyiz trek.
"The reduction in gas prices were on our demands," he added.
Gulen's stems from or about the return of America asked on a date on the 22nd, "Cavusoglu, a delegation from the United States in the future."
The meetings will be held on 24 August.
The Ministry of Justice is preparing files.
Dossier to be ready by the time the visits from the United States.
"The Minister of Justice and we are together with in mızla arrive in Washington and we will hand over the files as well as discussing," he added.
A senior PKK members in Istanbul was caught!
The terrorist group the PKK, a senior manager of a successful held in Istanbul, was captured during an operation.
The Istanbul Security Directorate, a senior member of the organisation, and at the helm of 300,000 pounds awards that were in the grey in the list of code named Rakip Cigerhun Associate recognise in Istanbul have seized.
Istanbul Şube Directorate Combating Terrorism Bağcılar as a result of the operation of the teams in a captured Rakip Associate at the address, police in the Vatan yerleşkesine put on Terrorism Şube was questioned at the Directorate.
Bilindiği July 9, such as key figure in the terrorist group, Erdal Bahoz Tugayları Tel supported by in Syria, was killed as a result of the shooting.
Iranian Foreign Minister Ghazi of the parliament,!
Cavusoglu dealt with Zarif, his counterpart in Russia.
Cavusoglu Holü before Zarif with honour, examined the damage from the Prime Minister's Office later times, looked at the damage.
Zarif said after his visit:
The Turkish people took to the streets the appearance of the Turkish people and the will of the people is above all the forces once again prove.
The Islamic Republic of Iran, starting late in the coup attempt, the first attempt a coup kınamıştır in the same way, in addition to the Turkish people and government has always been, and always has been.
My General Assembly in Turkey today when I was next to the Turkish people, what we are and we are in addition to a sembolüdür Turkish democracy.
The family was caught fleeing botla 13 people
The neck Müsellim patrol duty which coastguard teams earlier in the day, in the morning with the inflatable boat on the Greek island of Lesbos to escape to the sea, the group made the operation against illegal immigrants.
A shared identity the 13 members of the same family of the fugitive has been set.
The head of the family Seydo Ali Ahmet, his wife and 11 children in Germany, with the other to go along with his son, said that ahead of the curve.
Whether the $700 a person Organizatörlere before Greece, then they want to go to Germany, he said, noting that Seydo Ali Ahmet, in Iraq, and they lived in the city of Şengal IŞİD soldiers as they are from the Yezidi Patrikios korkup kaçtıklarını in Turkey.
In Iraq they belong to a family of companies, and that the German, English, Spanish, Arabic and French, who said the influx of illegal immigrants, the arrival of the work in the region, IŞİD break, the only wishes to go alongside his son in Germany, he said.
The bride's car did faytonu
Merasimi wedding, the couple found a different konvoylarından traditional wedding convoy was supposed to account.
The convoy including the horses making up the couple, the bride's car, we're a faytonu leadership.
The team behind the Çalgı from around 10 horses to the car wedding convoy, couples who are citizens of attention.
At the heart of the round Keşan, throwing the wedding convoy, and then it went into the house.
Bombacı husband was caught
According to information Edinilen, 41, Mehmet Ali's wife, Y. Y. Kadriye, about 9 months ago due to the severe discord blocks along with the children have left home.
The problem with Mehmet Ali Y., yesterday in the evening, and that includes his own bilye maytap, nails and moving objects such as homemade bomb, supported by his wife, where he lived in the daytime Ulus came in front of the house.
There is a period of shouting threats savuran Mehmet Ali Y. then drawn up in front of the house, sometimes making it mazgala wiretapping.
Residents of the surrounding the wake of great fear and panic, while the device in the car parts and nails bilye also hit a house very camına damage Russia.
Y. Mehmet Ali who fled after the incident in the daytime Yavuzselim black officers in the back and as çantalı dolaşmasından susceptible to citizens have called the police.
Follow him on which the County Council Department of Research Bureau Y. Mehmet Ali viewing teams began to run away.
He took over the house of a suspect Ayna entered the yard.
When news of the children of the police long barrel guns home.
Kaçamayacağını understood that the suspect surrendered.
Mehmet Ali Y. 's bag with bomb disposal expert was called for.
Çantadan çakmak gas, toys, maytap tornavida, to come forward, such as materials, shear and nails.
Mehmet Ali Y. against a police incident, when a hearing is set to continue.
The Red Crescent Eid spent the campaign launched
In line with the target of Vekâletle Eid Areas Campaign organiser, the Red Crescent, this year's Eid al-Adha "hayırseverlere Bayramda bereketi was being with the slogan" we all year.
The president of the Red Crescent, Dr. Kerem Kınık konservelere are caught in line with the target of victims had put their trust in "turning into."
"The victim etleri throughout the year, the owners, they will need a healthy way," he added.
The Red Crescent, the fee to grant victims within the country and abroad, the lira 740 475 pounds for them.
The Red Crescent, and who are traditionally held the ninth Vekâletle Eid Areas Campaign continues this year.
Refer to our country and the world need not leave alone the Red Crescent, thanks to the hundreds of thousands of campaign mazlumun sofrasına konservelenen again over the fine and set up the meat.
A break from the media campaign donors a case, the president of the Red Crescent Dr. Kerem Kınık neşesinin and good health, as they occur all over the world for a big campaign started a spelling out "Eid etleri konservelere in a way, they are going."
"This method etleri victims throughout the year, thanks to a healthy way by tüketilebilecek owners need to."
According to Islamic usullere gönderimi DVD donors and the Red Crescent "Eid at the Red Crescent Model" Eid ibadetlerini hayırseverler thanks to the purpose of, and so we can easily, in accordance with the rules.
This is the end, thanks to the contemporary model selected kurbanlıklar Meat and honey, he was elected by the institution of the modern corporation veterinarians say they kombinalarında Islamic usullere vekâlet okunarak names according to the owners of Eid al-Adha, the first three days of the force.
Areas to be carried out in accordance with the requirements of the Islamic religion, agents, notaries and veterinarians collected to be ready in time.
The victim will be obtained kavurma etlerinden become, they were put on the 800 grams cans ballot papers to the court.
Through the branches of the Red Crescent kavurma they do need owners will be distributed throughout the year.
The victim of the period of the Red Crescent, its owner after every vekâlet a thank you card, along with a box kavurma konservesi detailing the process and will send a DVD.
In 30 countries vekaletle sacrifice part of the benefit of the Red Crescent etleri knows no boundaries, Eid this year, as every year, with the poor people around the world.
This year it was the year when the victim about 30 countries in the Balkans, said Dr. Kınık 7, 11 in Africa, South Asia, the Middle East and the Caucasus, 5 and 4 and in the event will be held in the country, he said.
This year, Kınık illegal activities abroad by 50 per cent compared to the previous year, he said, "öngördüklerini Vekaletini the Turkish Red Crescent, which will give our citizens within the country, the fees for 740 475 abroad in the lira, the pound is set."
In Turkey, Meat and honey thought to belong to the Corporation kombinada hedefledik 5.
These parts, in Turkey and abroad, by meeting conditions necessary Islamic Religious suggested procedure.
Whether they were victims of "etlerini owner sofralarına need 18 months we will have," he added.
168 Again, of the 24 / 7 for Eid al-Adha ibadetlerinin huzurunu real need for owners to reach people who want to live donors, the accounts of the banks; the Red Crescent, the Turkish Red Crescent Şubelerini 37 branches of the Post, be responsible for the Red Crescent, 168 free internet address and the call centre www.kizilay.org.tr vekâletlerini using the contract.
Installments available Ödemesini credit card through the owners, who will carry out the vekâlet imkânından could also be paid for.
The Red Crescent Vekaletlerini out for our citizens who want to give to the Red Crescent, via the internet, using an online donation page features we will pay.
458 0090 312 00 30 also calls the number one free consultation and the Red Crescent ambulance donation line to serve as the price of the international credit cards with the same way.
Our people, the Red Crescent in Germany Ziraat Bankalarının brokering account number and with the victim to serve as the price will be same.
The groom in Konya horror
The incident occurred in the past in the District today Kadınhanı Osmancık attraction, which took place in the daytime.
Allegedly, a week before the divorce trial that as each other, to talk to his father Hussein Ayhan at home in which his wife Fatima went along with the coordinates.
After a period of evdekilerle began discussing coordinates Hussein, brought with his father-in-law, Ayhan threatened his wife Fatima Ibrahim Haji debuted her coordinates, and coordinates went up to the fire.
The remaining within the Kanlar Fatma Ayhan, and his father, Ibrahim Haji coordinates in the field, dead and severely injured her mother Kadınhanı debuted the coordinates of the State Hospital was removed.
The gendarmerie, who fled with her after the incident, Hussein's capture work for free.
Hussein said that one of the anti-Assad öğrenildi, where a fine.
13 and 10 years old couple Ayhan 1 girl two children, the statement said.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge in the crash
According to the information at the time of the incident, the TEM Edinilen Ankara on the highway at the entrance to the direction of the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge 14.00 hours, high on the scene of the explosion.
Of the 34, led by Abdullah Şanver PK 060 plates as they were 16 VK 077 plates, the back of the truck.
Abdullah Şanver at the scene of the accident, the driver he is.
Citizens who were acting on the scene of the incident to the police, fire department and medical teams have duties.
Fire crews arrived at the scene the shop sıkıştığı Şanver working hard to save the war.
Fire crews during the operation and buys it burned within feryat Şanver's pain.
As a result of intensive studies, interviews evacuated Şanver sıkıştığı sedye ambulansa Okmeydanı and moved with the Education and Research Hospital in Turkey.
Due to the closure of the road, traffic accident disrupts traffic.
With the removal of into traffic returned to normal in the TEM.
"Two children çarptığı Otomobille kirlenmesin seats," added bagajda portraits
The day before the crash, the village of Narince Kahta-Siverek roads around the scene of the explosion.
Mehmet K., led by 34 KS 6809 cars with the plates of O. Mustafa (14) used on a bike.
As the result of a cyclist who Çarpışma with O. Mustafa Hussein O. (13) were seriously injured.
The car driver, injured children in the car, 'when they are traditionally kirlenmesin bagajına Narince, leading to the village of Emergency Health İstasyonuna scenario.
The two injured children from the ambulance Turkey was handled by the State Hospital.
With them in Hussein is fighting for his life in intensive care.
Çarptığı kirlenmesin bagajda he carried on the children
Mustafa O. drive losses, "the" With Friends "visit gidecektik."
We got Eşyalarımız.
The village of Karadut Üzeyir trafo don his visit there near the back of the car with us.
The impact of çarpmanın ayağım record.
The driver took the first move and arkadaşımı bagaja.
And then me and I was in the car and put it next to the bagajına.
While I was crossing bagaja remained among the baggage.
I also bağırdım.
The driver who Sesimi atçı baggage at the door again.
I also düzeltim's leadership.
Baggage kapısın Narince us again fails to set up the village.
"And then the ambulance did Turkey State Hospital have joined," he said.
The injured children, his family first before they did not complain about the driver, who complained when she brought the children bagajda.
The injured boy dede Mustafa O. "Crashes in Turkey when I fan."
I have with me on the phone that I learned of the accident yeğenimin.
I was immediately transported to the State Turkey.
Yeğenimi before royalty.
In the 15 minutes after torunumu division.
The Commander of the Karakol Gerger came.
They liked the idea so much you complain about misin, he said.
The accident I would be everywhere.
I'm not complaining.
Later in the car and go to the main torunuma baktım yeğenime.
There is a lot of blood bagajda.
Later, we learned that the children of the car after the two yaralıyı çarptıktan bagajına to leave, so he was brought to the hospital for treatment.
The idea of my yeğenimi torunumu bagaja bees in the queue for the EU.
Guys, which I also says koymamışım bagaja.
But on the back of the car while tertemiz.
"There can be no such thing," he said.
A resident of the village of Narince Mehmet Kaya, the children in the "main driver" yaralıları brought here.
That is, the injured children bagajından car in the world.
Even the lack of "Hayvana must have done," he said.
Uncle Yaralının Osman O., "this is how the children that hit the citizen, a human being?"
The crash in the northbound ölebilir, people can be.
But in reality, the car bagajında yaralıları call the hospital who died an event.
By the end of this thing we takipçisiyiz.
This is one of the children pençeleşiyor death.
Diğerinin in serious condition.
Narince from Turkey to a car bagajında yaralıları brings.
Versin belasını God.
Such an event is not wild.
Our ciğerimiz raging.
This did not stop Davacı and we will find it.
"In a way that most severe Şahsın what we want," he added.
The island has built itself
The famous architect Richart Sowa spent the past 8 years has built a number of ecological haven.
150,000 plastic bottles, using built on this self yetebilen nearly two years ago, in the area of life on Facebook she is a former model, Jodi Bowlin, along with the live in.
Richart inside the air is full of the island, wooden pallets and plastic şişelerden kumdan formed.
The two-storey home, shower 2; jakuzi 3, a shower, a kitchen and wireless internet connection there is.
Around the island, with palm trees, fruit trees, mangrovlar for other plants, herbs.
A kordonla 30 metres to the shore of the island, which depends on the supply of electricity, water and sealed off with the help of their own produce internetini.
Vejetaryenim Sowa, "on the island, and many vegetable yetiştiriyorum yenilebilir."
Other substance to reach small nearby incentive I need to go.
"However, the plastic şişelerden I did, there are also salım 8 of members," he added.
Galaxy Note 7 on sale to go on more powerful model were announced!
Samsung, Galaxy Note 7 6GB of RAM and 128GB model hafızalı officially approved the last day.
Samsung earlier this month to the highest level of smart phone and announced the Galaxy Note 7.
Indeed, the features which has, in fact, the Galaxy Note 7 6GB of RAM and 4GB of RAM, however, was expected to tanıtılmıştı as.
The first preliminary orders to that of the Galaxy Note 7 exceeded expectations, it seems, the expected 6GB of RAM will be available in the US model.
The last day of the South Korean capital, Seoul, speaking at a press conference at a meeting in Samsung Mobile, chief of Koh Dong-jin 6GB of RAM and 128GB hafızalı Galaxy Note 7 officially announced that they are planning to introduce the market model.
Meanwhile, The Korea Herald, according to reports from the Galaxy Note 7 of this 6GB of RAM and 128GB model hafızalı only first place will be exclusive to China.
This unique model in other areas, and be put up for sale at the moment, planlanmıyor.
Yamaha Tracer 700 new with new routes!
Keyifli memory lives on a tour and being a candidate with 700 Tracer close at the weekend, or to the environment, be it you do embark soon after a long kıtalar between round you see...
Motorbike driver for the long roads all the difficult conditions to a minimum, which has 700 new Yamaha Tracer, design and technical sense mükemmele be emotional and users, who have had experience of driving a vehicle full of long road...
In another world, discovering new and unforgettable memory to gain and any virajda across Europe has been to try to achieve a motorbike parked focuses attention.
The doors of the free world, who want to expand their horizons aralamak and the increasing number of motorcycle enthusiasts Sport Tourer, in line with a series of low-cost models, they are the most exciting and accessible.
Controversial new Addiction Yamaha MT-07, 700 Tracer platform developed quite successful.
The existing Sport Tourer, which developed the model, such as by strengthening and, in a new generation of motorbike tutkunlarının intensive involvement with the resistance.
Brave and original design and many impressive features 700 new Tracer tutuşu, above the road, the small, fast and fun, it was the driver's comfortable with the structure of the design and functionality buluşturarak Sport Tourer class image is the next level.
Middle weights Sport Tourer, which market segments, and the standard of performance which gives a miraculous properties, 700 Tracer, remains a big success of it.
The finish line, the distances involved in sports performance, dynamic and interesting perspective, with 700 new Tracer Tourer Sport, in the category is launching a new era of exciting.
Versatile Tracer, 700 tork rich engine and agile şasisiyle ready to overcome each situation.
This new sporting middle weights motorbike, frame and private süspansiyonda improvements by adding the real potential of touring bike were revealed a number of features.
Fuel saving, the couple silindirli motorla 689cc, together with a high of 17 have become a fuel depot, Tracer 700 gas station is under the distance between the making of people.
The new compact and light chassis Tracer 700 large, highly rated MT-07 platform was developed.
This minimalist design, the ones driving and rapid response to the rapidly thanks to the characteristics of young people.
A class leader, the weight of the 196 kg serve sürücüyü heyecanlandırmaya ready to each in turn.
And many of the original Yamaha aksesuarlarının various distances by adding a serious motosikletine dönüştürülebiliyor touring.
The design makes it a more attractive colour options, he and Yamaha Tech Black, Red, Blue...
Motorbike tutkunlarının again in the market that the return of this exciting new model, connects more road users.
In August the credibility in Turkey with 700 New Tracer will be offered with either of the Mediterranean, the Black Sea virajlı mountains make it caused, either Europe or Africa's adventure and is regulated by the new directors of scientists is full of lines.
Hakan Şükür father and seize the assets of 200 million
Republican Sakarya, by the prosecution as part of an investigation into FETÖ Hakan Şükür Sakarya on contracting with the father who Şükür Selmet about the duration of the trial.
In the United States, and his father, Hakan Şükür Selmet Şükür, owned by earthquakes and Istanbul found in searches of homes.
Despite calls from Selmet Şükür has not been announced.
The police, Selmet Şükür earthquakes, the town on the road to the Friday prayer at the mosque Salko in that there are reported to be on the roads.
The road to the mosque, the teams waited for scheduled Friday prayer.
Namazın Şükür Selmet has his hands in the air, and when police officers removed.
The decision to arrest about the police vehicle which Selmet Şükür konularak Directorate of what was taken.
His father, Gökhan Şükür aracıyla means to the team, it seems, by following the Police Directorate is ahead of target.
Hakan Şükür Sakarya Prosecutor's Office, and the father of Şükür Selmet FETÖ joined the financial support they offered for years.
The prosecutor's application for studying Nöbetçi web Criminal Hakimliği and his father, Hakan Şükür Selmet Şükür taşınmazlarına, land transport of the instruments, bank accounts or other financial institutions, real or legal entities, then of course all kinds of rights and other documents, which will make the precious uhdelerinde partnership, the companies were given, rented for receiving mevcutlarına and other goods, the existence of the values of the seizure of a decision.
The Court's decision, the police department in the land tax offices during the day, and as governor was notified.
Hakan Şükür Selmet Şükür and the father of the first study's real estate that they are rich in the world.
His father and Hakan Şükür Sakarya, Antalya, Bodrum, Besiktas in Istanbul, Turkish, and earthquakes, the flats in the building in Sapanca jurist in the sites that have been identified.
The Selmet Şükür Serdivan of Sakarya, is turning 10 luxury villas on the land where it was set.
Hakan Şükür earthquakes, too, at the heart of the Ministry of Finance Revenue Control Board Sakarya Group Chairmanship of tax inspectors by a dershanesinin FETÖ shut down by the investigation into where he was set.
Hakan Selmet Şükür and father of the value of all the assets of about 200 million pounds is around the declaration.
The fugitive was arrested in Zaho police chief
Batman City Council to change with the 3rd class Police Director Ahmet Duran Bitmez FETÖ, of a failed coup were suspended as part of an investigation into the.
The decision to arrest about the draw, in which a girl's Bitmez.
The District Police Directorate ekiplerince Bitmez study of Iraq's Zaho town when he was found.
Two of the country's security forces, Bitmez conducted joint operation, was captured.
Brought to Turkey Bitmez, Batman, were also arrested.
Bitmez emniyetteki procedures, then contact the duties.
Security forces Bitmez terrorist group the PKK camps to participate in Iraq's north, when doubts over the other.
This attention to the size of the children
An associate professor at the Faculty of Medicine, a dentist, Dr. Bilgin Giray, children in the first stages of the standardisation of the conditions for the expanded describes a need in doing this reflex rahatladıklarını with, he said.
As far as the judgment has been sucking in place outlining the reasons, "assistant professor Dr. Giray Parmak sucking, starting with the birth of 3-4 ranking than ever, a millennium."
Most of the babies emer başparmaklarını.
To satisfy the need for finger sucking Bebekliğinde absorb child after age 1, something reassuring and mother memesi emer finger for relaxation.
"It feels oyalamak uykusu sıkılıp buys it, when, where, and when, where or when the finger sucking davranışında anneden when it can," he said.
Advanced stages seen finger sucking the behaviour on the basis of trust and a weak feature anne-çocuk çocukta stressing that lies in the failure to develop enough of an assistant professor Dr. Bilgin Giray dental health effects of this behaviour is currently in words and spoke:
Finger sucking the behaviour of the child's dental structure of shaping a negative effect.
Sucking during that emerged as a result of that they are the Mariana basınçlar itilirken upward, they are the bottom and back.
This, in turn, lead to a lower aligned behind konumlanmasına damak dental structure, and the balance of procedure.
It is the reflection of the psychological and speech disability kapanışının aesthetic point of view it would be a bad guy.
If we do not permanent dişlerin early is said 6-7 years during the period, much more complex than a treatment process yaşanabileceğine noting that an assistant professor Dr. Giray Çocuklarımızı type, "and used the completion of the development of the closing of the problems it so."
"So today, children with hearing controls, such as eye and mouth in the structure has to be under the control of the board."
The new treatment of close to see the faint trifokal Lensler:
After the treatment of cataract patients does not want to use glasses as natural.
To solve this problem Hastalarımızdaki long from the region is very focused on mercekler already used.
Trifokal mercekler point be used more recently with the success of the therapy in this area götürmüştür a step further.
The other difference merceklerden trifokal lenslerin is far from alone in the near distance, or the distance is not a break in what has been described as a clear also that the same attribute to provide an opinion.
Far from, or close distance to see a break in the treatment of defects
To see the distance the occasional bozukluklarında hayatımızda many times we use everyday, to a point.
As an example of the cars indicator panel, kucağımızda tuttuğumuz portable computers or the cm from the device as long as the occasional mesafelerdir tanımladığımız distance.
The occasional mesafeleri trifokal lenslerin hastalarımızın thanks to correct in the near or distant or not, by no means duymazlar needs to use the glasses.
Covering trifokal provided another advantage is also azaltmasıdır complaints on the night.
Given the prevention expert, an assistant professor Dr. Volkan Hürmeriç distance "in all their differences to treat a normal lens implemented trifokal cataract treatment at a treatment with no difference."
The treatment of practiced hastalarımız trifokal 7 to 10 minutes of action, the view of the health of the enormous eye.
And the next day hastalarımız will return to normal lives.
In particular, the use of cars using the computer, and who like to be more a more active life of the quality of life for those who have a operasyondur.
In addition, filling each patients age 18 uygulanabilen this procedure for you is also in line to be seen if başvurabilirsiniz expert eye diseases.
Heart arteries varisli ameliyatında kullanılmaz!
In recent years, become his heir, the frequency of quite a growing teeth.
Genetic factor is the priority yakınlığın variste; long working hours, survive a long time to stay for a long time and who would become his heir şikâyetlerinin resulted in the collapse.
Away from the arteries of heart surgeries?
There are back, from a heart attack Varisim geçirirsem? Such questions as how much is done in by people often wonder at the back.
It's the answers to these questions.
There are two types of Bacakta toplardamar system:
Dirty blood akciğerlere 1.Bacakta bacağın basis and which led to the main road which they are dirty kanını toplardamar system there is deep.
They are deep, femoral ven yüzeyel ven femoral and your name.
More rare in this toplardamarlardaki problems, and this damarların hastalıklarında vascular start to remain open for drug treatments to the management.
Dirty blood akciğerlere Bacakta kasıkta triumph and deep toplardamar affiliate, which merged with the system are caused superficial toplardamar system.
This system, there are two big and two small safen ven toplardamarlardan are.
It also introduced damarların yetmezlik and could become his heir.
Big heart surgeries, that can be used to integrate ven toplardamarlar safen toplardamarlardır superficial.
This is a view of the lack of damarların losses and that's why there is no kullanılabilirler heart surgeries.
However, the heart for this damarların ameliyatında kullanılabilmeleri damarların needs to be healthy.
Because the heart, it is a very important.
Varisli damarların ameliyatla lazerle downgraded on the ground to be taken or in the deep, and it was burning in the workload reduces toplardamarların bacağın and to be more healthy.
A mistaken belief among the people who, although damarların varisli kullanılabileceğidir as a reserve.
Never never varisli vascular and heart surgeries kullanılmaz!
There is the arteries that can be used in other heart surgeries.
Heart ameliyatında reserve that can be used in vascular systems; midenin, under the breast down the wing and around here.
A search for a heart for varisli bekletmek for use on the issue and there is without merit.
Expert Dr Rengin Türkgüler Radiology
Benefit from the Super Cup before meaningful message
Galatasaray Sports Club President Dursun Uzbeki, Galatasaray and Besiktas match between the Super Cup Final ahead of a statement.
It's benefit is going to the Turkish unity and bring attention to the suffering of the 1940s he remarks:
The two sports personalities of the two established and Turkish club Galatasaray, Besiktas with the pet, on the evening of Saturday August 13th, Konya Metropolitan Torku Arena will face off for the Super Cup.
This match, the two eminent kulübümüzün asrı, leaving behind a day in search of the first, nor the last match.
But much as the timing of a vital match.
All know our country, such as on the night of July 15, survived a big badire.
Who inflict further Fetullahçı Terror / Parallel State Yapılanması Çapkın FETÖ (of) the coup attempt, the unity of all segments of society and atlatıldı thanks to be executed.
That night, as a nation we have been heavy costs.
We have rarity.
There are several gazimiz.
This bitter cost us, once again, these lands kavganın erdemini democracy is not to be a fact, and stressed the importance of the prevailing recalled.
That night the Turkish sports personalities and representatives of one voice, the only highly as a coup against the democracy; appeared together for the podium.
This is the unifying critical days of the sport that we need much more to it.
Hermann von Wissmann deviates rakibimizin valuable precious President Suleiman. 2 of the anniversary and the captain of the legend kulübümüzün Vefat Şeren, owned by the name of the new football season ahead of the Turkish of the match falls this competitive climate of peace and love going to start the match.
Galatasaray and Besiktas fans in half at the end of the game played in front of the stands paylaşacağı regardless of the score, the winner of our country and I hope to be Turkish sports temenni.
Derbide 339. - Sports reporting date.
The Super League and the Agricultural sports Toto and the Turkish Cup which brings together Turkcell Super Cup match with Galatasaray, Besiktas 20.450 hours tomorrow in Konya in this is the biggest of the season, will compete for.
Galatasaray and Besiktas 92 years of bitter competition and eternal dostlukta 338 times so far came in the face.
This up by 120 times, while the winner sarı-kırmızılılar siyah-beyazlılar 107 times while his rival in the final.
Winds of 111, while rivals failed to prevail in the tie.
These games against Galatasaray 477 444 Besiktas goal with tear gas.
July 30, 2006 at the Commerzbank Arena, which opened the first of the Super Cup between Galatasaray and Besiktas macerasının began.
The 60th minute of this match siyah-beyazlılar Mert Nobre recorded a goal set up the museum with the cup.
10, 2011 in the history of the annual Super Cup trophy oynanmadı.
Most of the rest of the 9 years with Galatasaray played the final of the 6th time.
This fix sarı-kırmızılılar 4 times in the Super Cup, the museum showed the success of the horses.
Besiktas, who played in the final 3 times to the 1st time took the cup.
Eagle "flowers" in the crisis - Sports coverage
The Sun's technical director Senol antrenörlerinden help honour, one of the flower's announcement yesterday are those öğrenildi idmana.
Yönetime flowers in the incident, which ended in a statement of his wage growth like them and because of that bees idmana reportedly did not respond.
If she is involved in order to the position of the Sun Senol expected value.
Mario Gomez's dreams destroyed!
Fiorentina Sportif Pataleo Corvino, Director of the club's players, Mario Gomez and Khouma Babacar, he made about.
Babacar Corvino, "Gomez and the bonservissiz göndermeyeceğiz."
We will work to get to.
Two players from the sale of at least 15 million euros.
"But it won't be easy," he added.
Rihanna popular films in the running
Hollywood's most important film serilerinden Ocean 'popular again, whose audience figures.
The new cycle, from a world famous kadroya Barbadian singer Rihanna, Mindy Kaling, Anne Hathaway and Helena Bohnam Carter was also attended by the names to be announced in the coming days and konuşulurken Blanchett, Sandra Bullock and Kate will be part of the film, and it is clear.
2 months after Çekimler begins
The film ended, Ocean's Eleven of the players do not change the woman featured in October is expected to begin in New York.
The film, produced by the earlier films in the series, here's Steven Sodenbergh clinch the film's director, while rejecting the Olivia Milch sit writing, along with Gary Ross.
Callum Skinner Britain highlights such as the Scot flies home
Great Britain team at London 2012, the trio, who has the title given by the Scottish Callum Skinner, Rio, the race course last night to victory in the men's race.
Glasgowlu, racer, 23, is the second Scottish Khoy to Chris, he took a leading supporter of the young, and this acclaimed New Zealand home with a victory while the Puritans gururlandırdı efsaneyi.
Of the six Olympic altınından Khoy to which held the event four years ago, Britain was a shock victory.
And Khoy to the retired in March, although the London World Championships held in race, finishing sixth in the repeated it.
The problem is between Beijing and London expert starting player Jamie Staff the değiştirilmesiydi.
Hindes it exactly as it was the day.
Their career in Khoy to the Matt Crampton and Kian Emadi is trying to fill the void of death.
The Scot now contend that potential in advance and is a British coaches from vazgeçmemişti Skinner.
Four years ago, along with the champion Khoy to Hindes, Kenny and Skinner kırmış ranking round of the Olympic record in the first round even though New Zealand again set this record.
The three, and British düelloya for gold.
The latest round of their own Hindes, slightly behind, although Kenny and the team that brought the weather with this Skinner.
Hindes himself to slow down a larger vehicle using Kenny and, in particular, Skinner's momentum may hinge on receiving a large part of the transformation of the business, which keep the değişikliğiydi strategy.
Khoy to the BBC's expert commentator as the people who followed them on the podium after the release, and Skinner Hindes and Kenny in the eye of the President.
Glasgowlu, Skinner, 23, said: "This is an honour by comparison."
Not only do the best to do, and I'm here to announce that step.
In the final Olympic record in hyperinflation and yendik champions of the world.
It's really inanılmazdı.
So there's no better way to earn.
Hindes, Kenny and London in 2012 after winning with Khoy to victory after a bad start, acknowledged that fell upon deliberately.
Later on this interpretation, and Britain has responded to the request to meet with a method had opponents.
This time, an incredible victory for there was not such a problem.
Hindes Stanttaki, said: "The whole of Great Britain flags, along with gibiydik as if in London."
Just three months ago a takımız established.
Much of the world again for this reason we lost the race won at the Olympics, it's a really incredible.
This both in Beijing and at the same time in London, which won seven out of 10 in the race for a place in a medal in the event, only one.
We showed that in the past five months, the race course progress ölçütüyse successfully undergo five days more to come.
Kenny's suggest that the position of these Khoy to become one of the three gold records relating to win a dream long ago it is not impossible.
This is as full of Khoy to 12 years of age, more young people and himself, who was born in March 23 (at the same time Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister's birthday, in which British sport in the past, the sacred history), Kenny's six gold medals and one silver medal, which means to reach.
This also means the same level with Khoy to.
Kenny, after which the sprint race; the race will start today and will be available in three days.
The 28-year-old Boltonlu, said: "At the moment only çıkarıyorum enjoying it.
Number of events is always the best events happening.
Arkadaşlarınla kazanabiliyorsun together.
To be honest, the only human can feel isolated at the helm of victory.
Hindes, said: "The two more gold medals if he wins the title should be made him a knight."
It is just a medal in this event, although there are many good news for the UK.
The second Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and we have four erkekli Doull, four kilometres from the first ranks as the team finished the race.
3: 51.943 have completed the short track.
The London 2012 gold medal winner, set the world record of 3: 51.659.
The first round of the finals, and today (22: 42) in the second and Wiggins to be set in the episode's final will draw all of the attention for.
Yesterday ahead of the tour ranking officials asking them to measure boyunu place him in a dispute over the collapse of subsidies.
Tomorrow, which will be completed and will continue on the women at a Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald from Milngavie 13.260: 4 kilograms and reached for a period.
Great Britain team for the Olympics, to take the lead in the medium term to win medals and many rely on strong cycling team.
In London, Beijing and a large demonstration in Rio de Janeiro, after screening quite reduced expectations.
A back in the Premier League, coach Shane cinsiyetçilik of tyranny and the resignation in April because of the accusations and Victoria Pendleton and Khoy to high-profile figures, such as retired to also contain many bad development occurred.
The next night, the first track racing, however, point out that Great Britain has excellent time finishing on the credibility of the epic kanıtlanabilecek again this time around.
The cancellation of the contract, with the energy of the future of the suspected izabe ocağının Portland
Victoria at the Portland aluminium izabe ocağının hundreds of workers from the job, and the future of the facility, with energy, energy company will result in the cancellation of contracts to supply all the way, the structure of one of the owners of a supply contract was abolished after the release of uncertainty fell.
The move earlier this year, the Victoria government subsidies to continue to operate the facility for adherence to the decision of the then emerged.
20 years fixed was given the duration of the lease expires in November.
Alcoa's Portland facility up to 2000 jobs could be at risk.
Any kind of closure in 2000, and it was up to the job, whether directly or indirectly in a state of the vessels could lead.
And the whole of Victoria; izabe supplies about 10 per cent of exhausted for additional knock-on effects could be in.
In 2014, Alcoa closed its Point Henry izabe ocağını Anglesea last year, and this led to the closure of the plant.
Alcoa's Portland izabe facility is losing money and is facing the risk of closure.
They have been initially Australia according to the strengthening of the shape of the facility fee on the basis of consumption in the last couple of years about the future of the facility after the speculation.
A large aluminium izabe ocağına Latrobe Valley found at Loy Yang A power plant with energy, the three other owner, AGL also expects to take action to terminate their contracts.
A large majority of the facility, and Alcoa, Alumina's joint venture is owned by China CITIC, Japan's Marubeni Corp also owns shares in smaller companies.
Portland facility, "AGL expects to continue to work in physically ocağının izabe; that is to say that demand for electricity," he said.
AGL, the contracts in November to take effect starting in 2016, are the "at risk" contracts to other countries.
A 12-month contracts than the period of terms so tamamlanacaklar in 2017.
Energy company AGL, "this is why, in the fiscal year 2017 to contracts, to contribute to the development of the wait will continue," he said.
AGL's 2018 financial year, and could face a potential profit warning after the effects of the current case, wholesale electricity prices in a strong position for the long term contract with limited to follow.
"Wait," AGL feshin hesaplarındaki due to the value of the contracts has already dropped to $187 million until the meat of expression.
Alcoa sonlandırılmasına contracts, Alcoa's decision "that izabe ocağını izabe ocağına business or in the electricity supply does not affect its ability to ensure the country."
The US company in 2010, signed a 20-year contract this year of the contract; this was supposed to take effect in November, however, has yet to reveal why çekilmediğini this contract.
In Victoria, as well as Analizciler izabe near Newcastle and Portland ocağının Tomago facility due to financial difficulties in the sector to be vigilant against the possibility of the closure.
Earlier this week analysts responding to AGL's operations chief Stephen Mikkels Portland's every year, around 600 megawatts of Tomago, 900 megawatts of energy used in the making of the film.
This both would be "withdrawn from the market, in the case of [electricity] market demand deeper down will cause.
As a producer, and it's not good for us, "he said.
Not only the Kardashian star Kendall; TV programme, Vogue's September the number of front
Model, mother and manager Kris's fourth daughter Kendall Jenner Kardashian-Jenner group (20), US Vogue's September the number of front is expected to look forward to.
Estee Lauder, who is a brand ambassador and Milan, Paris and New York fashion weeks on the news, it emerged that Kendall on Thursday announced Instagram account.
"Kendall Sevdiğim a room full of people I'm very sorry," he wrote back and finish it.
Following the announcement, the entire Kapağın Kardashian-Jenner family (bar troublemakers Rob and Caitlyn and everybody is pitching their favourite show, Keeping Up producer Ryan Seacrest), which includes a funny (or only programme Keeping Up with the Kardashians, the reality of a specific) senaryolu video that was released the video; sisters and family later classical unutan around them: The latest one was a surprise party hazırlıyorlardı, in fact.
Nearly all the children's television programmes of every "birthday" section of its story (though, as Seacrest 8am in a cartoon, "she says with a sincerity tavşanı unuttuğumuzu sandın does?" Says), Kris, the other girls, in a way, this promotion, including etmeliydi.
Vogue's September the number of this development with a new Kardashian enter the final period.
Kim's sister Kendall, followed up with a Vogue (April 2014 cover of the past may be in the husband Kanye West paylaşıyordu) September cover of the magazine, however, is an achievement in itself.
Vogue's September, the number of the year was the bestselling number.
A fashion magazine is very coffee with the thickness of the book there's desk that caught the eye of several of their number last year (Fashionista 832 pages are 615 covering the advertising content appeared to be).
Cover stars to appear in a closely watched trial; the last two years ahead of the official announcement of the magazine sızdırılıyor voiceover.
Earlier, among the women who are kapakta Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the famous "kapakta" very possible "that modeling ünlülere down."
Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence's Dior kapakta took place in 2013, next year, this honour, or bahşedildi Lady Gaga.
The magazine, however, by the generation of "glittering model" identified as Ms Jenner's previous categories to be taken in the case, even if the surroundings are quite good in the future.
These celebrities are famous people, relative or in the reality show stars or good video that Snapchat is not today's young people who know how to attract Jenner (although all of them).
These are all legitimate talent, which highlights of the women in the entertainment industry.
The publication last year included Beyonce, Lemonade's debut with the grandparents passed one of the best of his career.
Also, of course, not everyone is not happy with the success of the Jenner.
Reality show of the past because of the fashion world, Jenner's position is always disturbing.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour, Jenner and Gigi Hadid has criticised his "at the time they gave him the name" şıllıkları.
Jenner's Vogue's discovered the word that will come up again on the surface, this thinking.
However, the focus on memnuniyetsizliğe seems groundless.
Kendall Jenner, Vogue's September Sayısının front.
He is exactly a supermodel.
Marc Jacobs's defilelerine itself.
Estee Lauder fondöten aldırıyor you.
He is the girl who, along with you, it's always on the walls of their own photos of the selling of payment.
Cindy Crawford's Fotoğraflarını suffering LOVE magazine sells pictures of his daughter.
Empty, and only in times, perhaps to see if their children and brother Kourtney şovda reality television show.
Legal support the social centres each year 160.000 back people have stopped
The industry is already given more operations in which the impact of funding cuts, while protecting the most vulnerable members of the nation, more than people from all social 160.000 legal support centres are rejected.
Three of the five members in Queensland (mostly the elderly, migrants, dealing with the workers, the victims of violence and release decisions that are not just competing with beech) and those who do not have the source of free legal advice and representation are looking for are rejected.
Olanaklarını tüketmiş social, legal support services, is preparing to cut more.
Starting in June of next year, the federal funding legal support centres under 30 per cent more are being planned.
Social Legal Support Merkezlerinin Queensland Director James Farrel, the National Union of Civil Legal Support Centres in its latest count each year thousands of people back çevrildiğinin reported that have been detected.
Mr. Farrel, the federal government's decision not to return if the situation far more kötüleşeceğini official.
It is "Queensland's legal support the social centres as a chronic lack of financial support it needs thousands of people in this vital services not meet means," he said.
Violent relationships that are found to be below the force and the administration, struggling with the people, separating families in the process and the unfair way laid-off workers... These are all legal, which is the size of a problem, and this can't help they need, according to the report.
In June, the federal government funding, starting from 2017 for 30 per cent off this largely unguarded in which thousands of Queensland residents more complex legal problems without help, he was forced to the top left of the country.
People face a legal fights it is necessary in order to get the support of Minister of Justice and Queensland Senator George Brandis immediately behind, we call on the funding cuts.
Last year, the government is financing the national average level of legal support to its commitment to meet both.
Now the legal support the social centres and serve their communities and will work in this important Palaszczuk government investment in football.
Staff in the wake of the Donald Trump claims on the opposite side of the arms of the campaign team was the case
In New York: Donald Trump's campaign team, the coach operations in North Carolina in February, Jeep with a total staff of weapons as they are saying then that he did not take any action because of the charges was the case.
On Wednesday in the case of a former provincial campaign ekibindeki software trainer Vincent Bordini were announced by the provincial court in the case.
Bordini ilgilenilmesini expects the situation inside for months, but then "it won't make a difference," he said.
Bordini, like the complaint of the joint, "Philip Earl, found a weapon, they put it right and finger pointing namluyu Vincent's right knee as the" shed.
Şikayete Bordini, according to local and regional campaign team leaders a complaint after it was at least four other people with the same experience of living with Phillip.
The suit "Weapons Bordini ateşlenmesine damage so that there is no need," he said.
The case was the Republican vice presidential candidate in North Carolina in the crowd, "the second of the Constitutional amendment to the strength of arms" (supporters of gun owners and that seems to be the way of the rival Hillary Clinton) and the election of judges to pick their own anger, saying that if the strike could cause when it was opened two days later.
Trump's campaign team, addresses the media outside the context of these remarks, and that he did not support the violence, he said.
Bordini, surveillance, with complaints about his campaign team and attack due to neglect, wrestling and non-material damage due to Phillip by seeking compensation.
Trump, a spokesman for the Hope Hicks did not want to comment on the message did not want to return quickly.
Phillip's efforts have failed to achieve.
Charlotte's local news WCCB subsidiaries, Phillip's campaign reported shortly before he left.
His consulting firm Innovative Consulting Services also call for a quick return to action.
The Republican candidate for vice president Donald Trump campaign with an area of conflict.
Bordini, Donald J. Trump For President 16-CS-14300, Inc., the General Court of Justice case, the Supreme Court ruling, the Mecklenburg Kazası (Charlotte).
"Meat" FETÖ cüyü tip line "
President Erdogan's FETÖ cüler "for everyone in the intelligence bilemeyebilir bilemeyebilir, reported to the police," MIT and then call the police tip line established the 64th FETÖ.
15 July coup attempt after the first time, the 64th FETÖ thousands of institutions, we hardly make a "secret" cemaatçiler new applications for the accident.
As part of the work of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in the struggle against FETÖ ihbarların emphasised the importance of the citizen would have done "due to the community, I love you, I can reveal them to be done."
Savcılıklara bildirmeniz soon.
This is a patriotism borcudur.
"I call the police, intelligence bilemeyebilir bilemeyebilir yetişemeyebilir, or look at the guys running in his death."
As part of the studies, the General Directorate of the Interior Ministry and the National Intelligence Organization (MIT) has been introduced by the online information.
According to this citizen FETÖ around those who joined the service, the organisation is aware of the activities of the organisation, is owned by the institutions of the practice in MIT Police and thanks to iletebilecek.
Www.egm.gov.tr / sites / informative, www.mit.gov.tr / katkiniz formla submitted via the service user information from those who will be stored information.
The management of the tips provided by those who implement ekleyebilecek de documents.
Again, the same practice ihbarcının him if a return to the city.
Citizen, "on the phone line in 155 Police İmdat terms, that they can, such as are found in the city, and the chairman of the Republican Savcılıkları in this result, we will be able to.
Bodrum from esinlenip Sivas, for example in in in the village they did
In the district of SİVAS Gölova Kaymakamlık Canköy depends on what, in collaboration with the businessman and philanthropist, took place in the village as an example.
Kaldırımlarına asfaltlanıp ways, are the cornerstone of all the houses in the village, have been selected in the basement of the town of a pattern of blue and white painted colour.
Gölova Kaymakamlığı, districts and villages depend on the character of the village to raise the quality of life of the model developed by the project.
This gave the example of the county as the centre of the village, 12 kilometers from the 66-year-old was elected Canköy households.
Üstyapı infrastructure and services, tightening of the village, and there are ways to asfaltlanarak lined with stone.
The village has a different colour Birbirinden tonlarına Pelit Pastaneleri houses, the owner of businessmen, Selahattin Ayan's painted with the support.
The entire village of white and blue buildings started following görüntüsüne.
Bodrum ÖRNEK ALINDI
Working with information about Gölova Kaymakamı Erkan Isa Erat to the other villages, will result in a role model and hopes to work for this project, suggesting that the village, said: "It looks more modern houses, all of them to be a part of a single colour projemizin."
We started this project, we will have to get a place as an example.
To Bodrum gittiğimizde houses painted white and blue, cited the counter view our attention.
So we beyazın cleansing and the people of the positive impact of the Bodrum for example of what we wanted.
And we kept Canköy found in all the houses of white and blue colour boyattık.
Working in collaboration with the state, and this was the benefactor.
The project cost about 200,000 pounds.
In the study, it is in the basement of a small ümüz Canköy was like.
We are working to have this kind of work with the support of the business and also to stay.
Canköy Muhtarı Kaymakamlığın Macit Abdullah, 66, and with the support of the village, a new generation of görüntüye reading, he said.
As an example, that being a village Macit themselves and the people of the village are very happy with the last worked, said it all for the team.
Kangal in drug bust
SİVAS Kangal, the gendarmerie teams in a drug bust and 7 people were taken into custody.
İlçeye Beldesi Çetinkaya depends on who the gendarmerie teams working in the drug detector dog with the help of their searches 600 grams of marijuana, 49, drug hap hunting rifles and 1 1 ala pistol hard dry season.
The seized materials over 7 people were detained, the hospital has launched.
In Adana Çapkın FETÖ Gulen in the case, along with 4 people seize property
In Adana Fethullahçı Terror / Parallel State (FETÖ Yapılanması Çapkın) to the national corruption crackdown that they have allegedly 2 the Heavy is on trial at the International Criminal Court and Fethullah Gulen, who escaped, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal Soncu Cemal and all of it was decided that the seizure of assets.
Adana Police Directorate of 15 May 2015 poll ihbarla Metropolitan in 2012, Acting President of the Mayor and his administration Zihni Aldırmaz housing fraud and forgery by doing the Gulen community plan with the proximity of the University's most important known land owned by the parliamentary decision while there was no housing, and are covered by the Community will reach 150 million lira was looking at the amount of claims we act.
As a result of an investigation launched after a direct order, Zihni Aldırmaz Ferat Yuksel, Mustafa explained, Hasan Long and Adana Commercial Exchange former president Muammar positions were taken into custody.
Fethullah Gulen, the mayor of the city of Adana and former Acting Zihni Aldırmaz including its of the 5 prisoners have advised 5-35 17 year prison sentences on charges ranging from Serious II opened the case by the court.
All the defendants denied the charges when the case is the latest accepted all of the defendants legal control which tutukla yasağıyla unethical and abroad were evacuated.
Goods VARLIKLARINA KONULDU EL
The court found that the case was the number one witness Fethullah Gulen, along with the fugitive, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal Soncu Cemal and about the decision to arrest, to detain.
He, however, escaped 4 steals and procedures of the court the defendants for illegal transactions take place on Monday.
After that, the court found, the case against them had failed in a bid to ensure that the foreigners in the country, which is why his destination for Fethullah Gulen, run by Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal Soncu Cemal and of the Criminal Procedure Code (CMK pursuant to clause 1 / 278) all decided not to release the seizure of assets.
They run, together with the decision by the Court in Turkey, a property owned by kara-deniz and air transportation vehicles, all kinds of rights and will receive the paperwork, precious, partner, where the company advertises for receiving mevcutları contributions, and bank accounts were frozen.
A member of the MLKP captured Türbanla Arslan was arrested
Eat lokantanın Aksaray in the back window to escape while police ekiplerince captured, a member of the terrorist group MLKP Serpil Arslan, Adana in sorgusunun moved away from that was then arrested.
Wearing a headscarf tanınmamak Arslan, contact the slogan went to the police station.
Adana Police Directorate of Intelligence and Counterterrorism Şube directorates depends on the teams on charges of membership in a terrorist organization, on which the decision to arrest 3 separate Serpil Arslan of Aksaray, went to the set.
Aksaray Police Directorate, last made contact with police in Adana Serpil Arslan's arrest was ordered to.
Acting on instructions from police in Aksaray, tanınmamak Serpil wearing headscarves for Arslan's lokantada identified to drink a dish.
Police teams enter lokantaya, he said, acknowledging that the back door -- yönelip asked to get out of the country.
Out the back door, Arslan reports Serpil Aksaray Police Directorate TEM Şube ekiplerince caught.
In Adana Police Directorate sorgusunun Serpil Arslan after being transferred to him.
Control of the Forensic Medicine Unit for health in the introduced Serpil Arslan, asked to throw the slogan.
Arslan's simply closed the woman tried to leave the police have taken the slogan.
Contact the treasure, he said, was sent down in.
In Antalya 12 out of judges and prosecutors, 24 people in custody
In Antalya FETÖ / were also part of the 12 judges and prosecutors, including 24 people were taken into custody.
Antalya Directorate of smuggling and organized teams, the head of the ruling issued the decision of detention periods of 15 judges and prosecutors have detained 12 from that.
The other 3 judges and prosecutors to arrest the work continues.
Among those arrested Akseki the Public Prosecutor Hasan Sahin Sarıoğlu spring.
As part of the investigation about the Kumluca district, while in the decision issued for the arrest of 12 of the 24 people were taken into custody.
The suspects were detained businessmen and FETÖ of the closed schools served the teachers that it does.
As part of the investigation into others continues to work for the arrest of 12 people.
In Erzurum Gulen's nephew arrested
ERZURUM detained by police in Fethullahçı Terror) leader, Fetullah Gulen (FETÖ's nephew, Abdullah Korucuk were arrested.
The Police Directorate Combating Terrorism Şube Directorate at a press conference on August 9 teams in the operation were detained as part of the investigation into the attempted coup Fethullah Gulen's nephew, Abdullah Korucuk to be completed late in the evening after he was brought to him earlier in the day yesterday.
Fethullah Gulen's sister's son and a special foreign language school, the owner, Abdullah Korucuk sorgusunun savcılıktaki after an arrest request with the web was transferred to the Criminal Hakimliği.
The court, in the soil, Abdullah Korucuk FETÖ arrested on charges of a member of the terrorist group sent him.
Police were killed, 1 2 PKK members were killed
The clash in Nusaybin police: 1 dead, 2 PKK members were killed
In the town of Nusaybin MARDİN's police vehicle patrolling the task which the PKK rebels 1 simmer for several minutes by a group of police officers have been killed.
2 running into dead were seized by the PKK.
Taking over in the daytime Selahattin Eyyübi May 27th Street, found at Camisi Kışla who patrol duty near a police vehicle today 00am high on the PKK came under fire by rebels.
1 vehicle attack in which a police officer was killed.
Teams of police officers who had arrived at the scene the environment kuşatarak PKK terrorists from each other.
2 killed in the fire, along with guns were seized in the dead of the terrorist.
Security forces in the region, the operation is continuing.
A police officer killed in Nusaybin
In the province of Mardin, Nusaybin patrol duty, who say a police vehicle in the PKK, simmer for several minutes by a group 1 police officer died.
2 PKK members were killed in the shootout.
In the province of Mardin, Nusaybin Selahattini be created without the banned Eyyübi Kışla found on 27 May, the main mosque near the patrol duty police that vehicles today in the morning hours in the morning, high on the PKK since the attack took place.
Street including the ambush in which the PKK, say a police patrol vehicle while yaylım shed fire.
Simmer for several minutes as the first vehicle which 1 police officer died at the scene, while a number of special operations police duties.
The mosque and its environs Kışla security forces sealed off with the PKK, say a 2 killed in clashes between PKK members were killed, along with guns.
The operation is continuing in the area.
Adil Öksüz's father-in-law criminal kontrolle remained free
The terrorist group's FETÖ in the Air Force in the Adil Öksüz imam of the town's Akyazı Area seated doctor whose father-in-law Cevat Yildirim judicial control condition and his wife is serving free education.
The coup attempt followed at the base of the Air Force as a nation in the grip of a Dr Adil Öksüz. Area was transferred to stand up for free, while the search continues.
Adil Öksüz's lawyer before the most recent losses in the northern town of Akyazı Area Cevat Yildirim's father-in-law seated next to the losses have been identified.
Adil Öksüz "34 of 49 SIR garajında cars" license plates, and her father's house.
As part of the investigation with his wife, Cevat Yildirim serving Yildirim yesterday were taken into custody.
With his wife, Cevat Yildirim serving Yildirim, have been transferred to him.
The night ended with the court earlier in the day, Cevat Yildirim judicial control condition and his wife is serving free education.
The presence of the subject to supervision of the shape of the restructuring fund
The world's biggest funds expected to be included in the presence of Turkey require quietly amid the Fund were issued on the law.
There is a lack of control of the fund in support of the restoration due to year-end meeting it was decided but are again without any changes being discussed.
Turkey's AKP brings the law offer sozcu.com.tr Presence Fund in evaluating the CHP Member of Parliament and the Plan and Budget Commissioner Utku Cakirozer advises, "Kamuya owned entities, emekçinin zorunluk pension cuts, will be collected for the unemployed, the unemployment of the fund will consist of this structure, the Constitutional control mechanisms in addition to detain certainly we are against," he said.
The government's long term projects and investment funds in an attempt to report the presence of Turkey's opposition, the draft law Fund also requires that it should require the law were raised on Tuesday.
However, the AKP will offer the same today in the shape of Plan and Budget Commission brought again.
, head of the Plan and Budget of the European Commission, a member of the CHP Eskişehir Member of Parliament, the Presence Fund Utku Cakirozer advises on the law by offering the CHP's anxiety and concern about sozcu.com.tr joined together.
Cakirozer advises, "it is the establishment of the fund in the Budget plan and require the bill when it comes in at the head of the CHP, the former Minister of Finance, Zekeriya Temizel Bakanımız endişelerimizi, expressed his concern and this will also require a law and will be as detailed bid submitted for use."
In this view, acknowledging the government withdrew the bill.
The law is the same in the shape of the committee, came again yesterday.
"The government should do so within a week of Parliament by insisting on the release of glory," he said.
The presence of Fund played a key role for the appearance of the code should be a Cakirozer advises, "the result of this is to have the largest endişemiz kuralsızlık teklifindeki."
"Public property assets, which will be the emekçinin zorunluk pension cuts for the unemployed, collected unemployment fund will consist of revenues, privatisation revenues, outside the control of the parliament and the Council of State and no responsibility, which is not in a position kuralsızca being transferred to."
These kind of funds are established in Russia, China, and the Gulf countries for oil revenues and business excesses, and that the fund will be funded in this way, "however, Cakirozer advises pointing out that there is a lack of savings we have."
Therefore, the fund said in a statement that is public parasından will consist of the public.
A total of 100 billion fund, unemployment, workers zorunla which means individual pension fund of 100 billion privatisation, the money is scheduled to be transferred to the 50 billion.
"We want to be completely with the money will consist of this fund, will be under the supervision of the public, and this money must harcanmaması irresponsibly," he said.
When the resources of the state, the state's assets as collateral borçlanmasında a fund outside the control of Parliament if Cakirozer advises, stressing that it is unacceptable that the code by giving the concern about the presence of Fund and the concerns we have:
The presence of such a large collection, public spending, public and business transactions on behalf of borçlanılmasına, the only independent inspection geçiştirilemez control companies.
The public is in control, and to be a transparent structure is needed.
The law offered, the presence of the Fund for Constitutional institutions of control and there is no provisions on transparency.
How much of a limit on funding aktarılacağı unmet.
No one in this fund on how kullanıldığıyla soramayacak account.
The aim of the fund is financing big projects as a rationale for the film.
In addition to the budget for this is where there is no need to establish a fund.
Why the budget includes almıyorsunuz?
With this in mind, naturally, and the control of Parliament "Why SAyıştaş kaçılıyor in question come from?."
The presence of Fund investments in the accumulation of money they are not opposed to that, but it was not transparent, although the mechanisms that do not are held to account, he said, noting that they are against Cakirozer advises. "It is whether there is a need to fund such an arguable."
But if the government played a ısrarcıysa at the time, this kind of investment funds established in other countries apply international standards in Turkey, we have to make sure that's the case.
Once it is in control and responsibility in a way yapılandırılmalı mechanism.
Şaibelerin on its own citizens, will not be used to account for the money that would be responsible for sonr kuruşuna way until the establishment of poverty.
The presence of a bid by the committee, which came in the form of the law Fund certainly against the election, pointing out that the AKP Cakirozer advises, "especially after the coup attempt on 15 July the parliament, we are pleased to listen to criticism."
The law also offer AKP constructive eleştirilerimize listen to look forward to.
Kuralsız national assets to be used as reckless those who use it, to be handed over, even though we do not control and public.
But this "İstenen Presence Fund giderilirse can be a concern," he said.
On the proposal of the law from the opposition between the AKP and played a key role for the benefit of the work was done for öğrenildi.
In Turkey "indicator of trust" in which we are carrying yatırımlardır
Speaking at a meeting in Istanbul, Ford Motor Chairman of the Board, Ali Koc, "for the past 5 years, we have made 30 billion pounds of investment in the future of our country, we have a sign of confidence," he said.
Koc Holding, Acting President of the Board of Directors, and Ford Motor Chairman of the Board, Ali Koc and a number of companies with foreign capital, manager of the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (İSO) to which Turkey güvenenler üretenler in Turkey, "about the meeting he met.
Speaking at the meeting Ali Koc, Ortaklarımızla together in our country, "the faith and confidence, not only the so-called expressed our investment, and with the stress that this aksiyonlarımız we do."
In the last five years we have made 30 billion pounds of investment in the future of our country, we have a sign of confidence.
To Turkey's more foreign investment performance, there is no necessity for a fair and reliable considerations; the legal system, the international standards of democracy, a skilled workforce and R & D, innovation, entrepreneurship and added value which encourages a ekosistemdir.
In the last couple of years our government, one of the most comprehensive history of the Republican sanayicilerimize presented the incentives.
"I believe that these incentives and holistic strategies and that we need a new" Investment Hamlesi başlatabileceğiz shouted "out of the question
Siemens Industry and Trade Turkey, Chairman of the Board and CEO Hussein Gelis now, "not just about the only one country and not the global players, as we know it."
Turkey in the longer term we are a focus.
We are unity within the problems will be solved, if it is true.
We are in the last 160 years ago, also in Turkey, this being olamayanı territory.
In Turkey, we will continue to apply in these areas.
"Of course we will establish factories in this area but ufkumuz should be open," he added.
A priority for them in Turkey is one of the 10 countries that Shell Turkey Country, Ahmet Erdem, "Turkey is a priority for Shell, one of the 10 countries."
Turkey's potential and the future task.
In many areas, including in particular the investment we have made and we continue to do so.
Cumhurbaşkanımıza Bakanlarımıza Başbakanımıza international investors, and thank you for the work carried out.
For international investors confidence that the work is done.
"It will increase the competitiveness of the direction of our country," he said.
Sandoz / Novartis of Turkey and the Middle East Region, Dr Altan Demirdere, on the other hand, "August 10 Global CEO - was due to arrive in Turkey."
However, the trip was postponed.
We are against this hill.
Because the CEO's arrival was too.
"The back of the car, the protection of the isteklerde.
After that everything here is normal when it comes to the terrain.
Leaving the car and Korumaları and happy to be back in a way.
Invest in a similar, marriage.
Before the promised it would be, if they if everything goes nişanlanır evlenirsiniz and long-term plan will be lifted.
We are in Turkey, and for several years now, and we have no intention of ever boşanmaya.
The gap between the edge dönüldü!
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, the Istanbul Chamber of Industry held in by the Swiss Hotel in Turkey "güvenenler üretenler" in Turkey, the meeting in a conference call on the advice of the business community, working with colleagues.
Turkey will allow the sector mukayeseli rule of the industrial sector, which he said Prime Minister Yildirim "is also in the industry sector of Industry 4.0 ıskalamamamız de transition process."
"Our country is the engine of the high value-added, whether the 2023 targets, the industrial revolution, önemsiyorsak stepped up its IT and technology revolution, but thought it should start to do that," he said.
15 July night in Turkey, are on the verge of a big gap, he added, the prime minister, Yildirim, therefore, there is no democracy in the future of kastedenler Gazi Meclisimizi bombalamaktan to employees, even if they had, M.A. çekinmeyen alçaklar today, another Turkey in the konuşuyorduk. "
The seizure of the administration with the coup, will eliminate the national team has been removed and the world developing countries, dropped to third in the world, a Turkey in the konuşacaktık.
"God, we didn't have the, the, the, the Cumhurbaşkanımız milletimizin basireti Başkomutanımız Mr Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and the fact that this belayı dirayeti defettik determination," he added.
Prime Minister Yildirim said: "But we have to go out and be moved from the impact of this incident will see."
And never have to live with the constant coup never is wrong.
We are facing a very ambitious goals.
The Turkish economy sarsmadı this coup attempts.
And the worse the crisis by seeker once more.
Today, our democracy and our economy also ayaktadır survive.
The financial sector is a healthy banking sector, is continuing to work in a way.
The foreign trade deficit in 2015 by 25 per cent GDP range.
The rate of national income in the current account deficit in 2014, while the rate was 5.8 per cent in 2015, has fallen to 4.5.
At the end of this year, we aim to reduce their 4.
Never değiştirmeyeceğiz duruşumuzu tight public finances.
Turkey's 2016 budget de 130 countries more income took place on the national team.
11 per cent higher than the rate of national income, the budget deficit was 1.3 per cent in 2015 and dropped it to the level that we are trying to protect the rates.
Public debt by the EU, in many countries, we are in a better.
The financial sector is a sound banking system continues to work on the ground.
"The Central Bankamız 15 July, in spite of the need of issuing foreign currency market, and any reduction in duymadı rezervlerimizde is out of the question, 121 billion dollars to the gross rezervimiz there is" out of the question
The development of the economy, the new jobs and increased production in areas it is time for any relief they can citing Prime Minister Yildirim, "also for the past yüklerinizden kurtarmanız for comprehensive arrangements we are doing."
Stok affından from receiving more than unpaid tax debt restructuring and a convenience taksitlendirilmesine put on the ramifications of the arrangement that we have, we are continuing to press.
"I will continue to produce for the country, your country without relying on continue to pick up your, your önünüzdeki glycosyl barriers also will continue to remove it," he said.
Hakan Şükür şekerden high's father was taken to hospital
Conducted in Sakarya Çapkın FETÖ against the terrorist group were detained as part of the operation, "the father of the Sermet Hakan Şükür Şükür şekerinin during the interrogation, he was brought to the hospital as a result of the rise.
From the prosecutor's office, the Republican Sakarya on 15 July, following a coup attempt against the terrorist group Çapkın FETÖ detained in as the former national soccer player Hakan Şükür Sermet Şükür and his father were found yesterday evening to catch on.
Today the earthquakes in its Friday prayer in the custody of his father, Hakan Şükür Sermet Şükür fenalaşarak sorgusunun moved to the place, had to be taken to hospital.
The hospital, which was the result of increased şekerinin Sermet Şükür over the treatment of Sakarya Education and Research Hospital continues.
Kopmuyor Turkey, from the West, the European Union remains in
Mehmet Simsek, Turkey: Kopmuyor from the West, the European Union remains in
Mehmet Simsek, Deputy Prime Minister of Science, Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Özlü Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci, the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (İSO) to which Turkey güvenenler üretenler in Turkey, "on the sidelines of the conference.
Speaking at a meeting of Science, Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Özlü "on the night of July 15, and after the events in many good result is true, I think."
No doubt, the most important of them all is currently in Turkey deeply felt the unity and the heart of the draw.
On 15 July, the process of how the Turkish economy has a robust democracy in the dynamics of the community that showed how much içselleştirdiğini.
"The economy and democracy and gives it to this level for a society after this process better, easier and faster, it is clear that any further," he said.
In "TÜRKİYE NİN SIKINTIDAN KURTULMASI LAZIM BU"
Faruk Özlü reports jump by July 15, who said they were convinced the world attempt a coup, Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci said the government on the issue was on the government.
The last time banks initiated by Zeybekci indirimlerine interest in commenting on me, "the real face of the first five sektörümün 63.4% of the profits of all our work we gidiyorsa covers is a more competitive we need to be focused on this job."
For him to return to the job, says Cumhurbaşkanımız already.
In the real sector, banking system, government and politics, on 15 July, the Turkish civilian democratic revolution after the unity shown by politics and draw in Turkey this way out of a recession.
About the same time and we welcome the recent developments.
"I hope in the next period, banks initiated by Charter Cumhurbaşkanımızın zero point nine per cent monthly sekizler down, such as the management of the economy, which started the competition in the same time as supporting sustainability gerçekleştireceğiz together," he added.
"YEŞİL PASAPORTU İHRACATÇIMIZIN EMRİNE VERECEĞİZ,"
"In the world, we who digs someone else kepçe Nihat Zeybekci, we will be," he said, "in the world, led by Başbakanımızın Cumhurbaşkanımızın gidilmedik çalınmadık, sent to the country to find the door."
Contact the relevant arttırmakla Ticaretimizi etmediğimiz send no one.
"I have never, and will never view of competition; there are no bird watching the birds will not be in the running," he said.
Moments later he also Zeybekci exporters green passports will be made of the decisions, adding that "I am not one of them, of course, was his code regulations currently in the ministry of economy, as the very first ihracatçılarımızdan; about the numbers of 17 and 20 in this ihracatçımıza from around the country represent the privileged green ihracatçımızın passport, to give the order" out of the question
"Blow" GİRİŞİMİNDE BULUNANLARIN DEVLETTEN TEMİZLENMESİ GEREKİYOR
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, July 15, after a failed coup and declared the OHAL in referring to the Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, the coup attempt in the nightmare for drawing into one in behind us, "but we should see what we have now," he added.
The two simple reasons OHAL touted Simsek, who said "of course this kalkışma Tabi what happened during this attempted coup that would be from this process, and it needs to operate; but more importantly a better this kind of coup attempts in order not to face serious administrative reforms had to."
For this reason, the administrative reforms also, as climate change should be a State of Emergency was declared, and so far in the most serious structural reforms.
"We are all of them, of course, while the subject to democratic principles and we acted within the rule of law, will continue to be," he said.
Hayatın expression returned to normal in many areas, who added that the man has a ring of companies and individuals kaygılanmalarına stressed that there is no reason why a small percentage of the most.
Turkey's democracy sağlamlaştığını expressing excitement "I believe that the foundations of democracy in Turkey's neighborhood, because in the recent past whereby baktığınız problems this time is that you will see exactly how the network of betrayal.
"The search for this terrorist group from the state and the clearing of this period to be in Turkey are closed will strengthen its democracy in Turkey," he said.
It is a solid foundation for the economy as a whole and normal again found no structural reform agendas return döndüklerini Simsek, who had received a "Turkey's current agenda, there is a progress in structural reforms."
Structural reforms in the world, because if it is not already olmazımızdır protectionism, populism is on the rise.
"Turkey, however, and could make the preparation for the future reform, however," he added.
In the end, Turkey, from the West kopmayacağını Simsek, stressing that "Turkey from time to time the western allies, our friends ayrılıklarında; but the idea could be kopmuyor Turkey from the West, the European Union remains in it," he said.
25 metres into the sea and balıklama beauty...
In Antalya, 17, Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı in Eagle Hill, referred to as the 25 metres in height falezlerden balıklama atlayınca was to stand in the sea.
The floating with friends on the night claimed the Antalya Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı varyant, then under the "Eagle Hill 25 metres high, known as" falezlerden balıklama beauty of the sea.
Professional swimmer who Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı failed, "the impact of the neck incindi çarpmanın.
He says the move to have difficulty attracting Bayrakçı again, it will be a professional swimmer who were issued to the shore by his friends.
After the direct by medics at the scene after the intervention, the injured Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı Antalya Education and Research Hospital family.
The vital treatment taken Bayrakçı was recorded because there is no danger.
Police testified Bayrakçı's a friend of mine, "Eagle Hill from balıklama atlayınca incindi neck."
"We could not predict would be like that," he said.
The daily Sozcu - 25 dead
In the district of Hatay Reyhanlı points at Border Gate, about 10 km from which Syria's İdlib Sarmada in the Town of the settlement depends on the health of the planes was shot by the regime.
Local sources, 25 people were killed in the attack, reported that 40 people were injured.
In the face of the Border Gate points which Syria's Bab-Al Air Border Gate near the dissidents, which is under the control of the Town of Sarmada and lunch in the new regime aircraft earlier in the day by 2 separate airstrikes took place.
Local sources, the air attack aircraft are targeting houses of settlements, and 25 people were killed, he said.
The explosion was heard in their voices heard by the Reyhanlı 40 injured in the attack, but said that they were concerned that the number of dead.
President Erdogan could still join the Regulations, for her!
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the Higher Education Council (YOK) From the Finance Ministry Undersecretary H. Abdullah Kaya chose.
The presidency said in a statement that "Mr. Cumhurbaşkanımız distinguished, Ahmet left vacant due to the resignation of Chief of the Membership Board of Higher Education, Higher Education Code 2547 No 6 of his clause b / 1 bendi in accordance with the Finance Ministry Undersecretary H. Abdullah Kaya recognise seçmişlerdir," the report said.
Meanwhile, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, 6735 resolution "to the" approved International with labour code.
The Presidential Press Centre, said the "No" 6735 International with labour code, Mr. Cumhurbaşkanımız 89 of the constitution by the first clause in the 10th edition of the 104 fıkrası with the heads of the second clause (a) bendi yayımlanmak supplied under the prime minister, "the statement said.
Turkey 2 brothers were shot dead
"In the district of Turkey in the car armed attack, 2 brothers, were killed.
The incident occurred in the evening, Mustafa Kemal Street on the scene of the explosion.
The right towards the centre of the County Council, fact, Ramadan, 39, led by 02 KH 839 car plates, an unidentified person was threatened by the fire.
Fire inquiry led by fact, who lost control of the car, the interpretations stopped another car.
This place is right next to the car with the fact, Ramadan, people from across the big brother Omar, 50, in fact, extending his new.
Brothers In fact, the heavy riot, and the attacker fled from the scene of the incident.
The scene of the incident on the direct order of the police and medical teams have duties.
The two brothers, the fact there have been serious injuries at the State Hospital in Turkey were lifted.
Trips to the emergency room treatment taken Omar Ramadan, and the fact is, it all but kurtarılamadı doctors.
The bodies of the two brothers for the autopsy morga addresses in the region, where the incident occurred, and they examined mobese security police, who fled the gunman identity saptanarak began working for the arrest.
Britain should channel the spirit of the Olympics and Heathrow in genişletmeli
Heathrow only local topluluklarımızda in London and across the country, not in the renewal and prosperity will present.
I don't think that all nations and regions will benefit from the Games to the incredible we believe in London in 2012, as well as Heathrow have also would make a pretty attractive.
Stratford East End, the Olympics and major benefits for the group.
At Heathrow, and close to the local communities and creating opportunities for the companies, we will do so again.
Only local topluluklarımız internship allows for 10,000 new 40,000 new jobs, around the airport and will be sent to the young unemployed.
Ahead of the 2012 London Heathrow, as is the more difficult it is to expand the fight in the wider continent.
Britain has never told me for the Games hazırlanamayacağı showing us as a scandalous and to the whole world.
In 2012, the ones who Kuşku yanılıyordu yanıldıkları and Heathrow also warned would be seen.
They are trying to always be obstacles, however, Heathrow, all to the questions asked.
The Olympics, as in the Heathrow in only a few people, and not many people for an infrastructure project.
To expand, 180,000 new jobs and £211 billion economic growth to create opportunity for both the airport and the surrounding area and across the United Kingdom leaves many skills and employment opportunity.
Heathrow's T5 (from the subsequent five years, the world's best airport terminal was selected by the genus), the world's busiest for between the two tracks on time and budget, in line with a worth of £11 billion infrastructure investment who do have a great team.
Now, worth £16 billion in private investment and supported a third track are ready to offer.
The London 2012 Games was a huge achievement for the United Kingdom and Heathrow genişletmesinin so busy I don't have.
The Olympic spirit of Heathrow's expansion, an anchor for our commercial channel, and in the meantime, we will be proud of Britain has many skills, and it is time for oluşturmamızın business opportunity.
Lord Paul Deighton, Heathrow and former head of the Board of Trade Secretary of the Department of the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook advertising to block "on the ballot" such as kedi-fare
For the companies that won the money reklamlardan online ad blocking software to block attempts to software company that according to one of the "kedi-fare game" looks like.
On Thursday, Facebook's advertising engelleyicileri desktop website will prevent announced just two days after Adblock Plus, users of the social network ads to block filtrelerini güncelleyebileceğini gönderisi published a blog post said.
On Tuesday, Facebook advertising, in which part of the chapter engelleyicilerin advertising to make it more difficult to identify that the ads around the codes will change, he said.
But the new codes Adblock now hovering over, he says.
A blog gönderisinde spokesman Ben Williams, Adblock, "an open source reklamlarını ensemble to block them to prevent the workers are among those with an advanced to forestall a return fight against advertising was invented, and since that moment," Facebook wrote in their own time in the close of the possible solution to produce.
The world's largest social media company to enter this battle for the industry engelleyicilerin advertising, how big a concern on the show.
Pagefair and Adobe last year, according to a study of nearly 200 million people, as the global advertising took over in 2013; it is using this kind of software that uses four times the number of people.
Facebook mobile aygıtlarla billion daily active users selected along with mobile ads now with Facebook's advertising revenue 84 per cent of the total.
A spokesman for the mobile advertising engelleyiciler according to what the social network's mobile applications for Facebook and Instagram in the company because there is no effective advertising engelleyicilerin masaüstündeki hunt is less.
Facebook's move this type of investment, which is the value of desktop ads, according to the case must still provide sufficient income.
Also on Tuesday, Facebook introduced ads to them people so they can better control "ad preferences," said güncelleyeceğini vehicle.
On Thursday, Facebook's new filtrelerinin Adblock, serious concerns, sitedeki unethical advertising content is also part of a block of time.
A Facebook spokesman said in a statement on the agreement with an email, "this is good for people and offers an experience of this problem we are engaged," he said.
Advertising engelleyiciler körelmiş tool for this reason, the control of the people in order to Advertising Tercihleri focused on creating tools, such as.
The Swiss woman entered the highway for a fraction of the incident appeared to be a suicide;
The victim at midnight on the highway.
In an apparent suicide, police in the incident in the early hours of Thursday, the women on the highway a few people who are looking for evidence nearly hit the vehicle.
The incident occurred just after midnight Thursday, Vaud near Morges cantons happened on the A1.
Vaud police, "a statement by the women of the night" in a way that desperate karanlığında lies in the place, and a few of the car driven by him, he said.
It is clear that the driver, who requested to kill a Swedish woman, 49, truck, including a couple of the back of the vehicle.
He died at the scene.
Police said the incident, which involved sürücülerden some of these are considered in some of them, however, has been located and expressed their case and asked them all, including başvurmasını.
Attorney Gilles Le Tribune de Geneve Hofstetter, to be taken in cases like this, "" logical "move for the criminal kovuşturması opened there."
However, the incident, including any drivers who describes karşılaşmayacağı a charge and it is not yet known.
It is possible to avoid müydü Çarpışmadan?
The prosecutor identified that we need to, "Hofstetter said this.
Within the last five years, two similar cases, the drivers responsible for the shows tutulmayacağını.
In both cases, the paper (both are in the dark, plans for a people for the night included), a half of drivers on the highway to stick yayanın beklememesinin judgments that it is normal.
Last year, August 2014) in one night on the road near the A1 Paynerne reasons behind the death of a man from his interpretations, which led to a police officer to death due to negligence being found not guilty.
He tried, and where the victim, 22, was said to be on the way.
The court, an emergency call, which police officers to respond in a reasonable tool used by a man on the way and finding "completely and totally exceptional situation," saying he is.
On Thursday about the incident through this near Morges trained, 021 644 83 021 644 44 44 or 46 telefonlardan should police the number one.
NASA climate model: Venus once appropriate to live
According to new NASA climate model projections, once in the life of Venus in the appropriate circumstances, however.
NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies to scientists, climate scientists could have produced similar vehicles and algoritmalar has used in the past by Venus, using a model developed to explore.
The model of Venus, too hot, in addition to the surface of the water and carbon dioxide to the atmosphere, once filled with conditions similar to that of the World Cup hosts to determine if she is doing.
The Science of Venus in the past, the people of the low return to the pace of thick layer of the atmosphere with açıklamaktaydı.
However, the new estimates of Venus, the thin, Earth-like atmosphere has slowly and still may have been on its Prime Minister.
The former model, it also discovered more than topografisine also matter.
The World Gezegeninin affected by the dry region, while there are sufficient failure, and the once rapid geographical health risks and may have had to protect against the leave.
At the same time, the former of Venus, largely due to a 30 per cent more loş faydalanmaktaydı sun.
GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio, "a news release said simülasyonunda GISS model of Venus's slow return of nearly two months at a time, during the day in holes to be toward the side of the sun," he said.
On the surface this warming caused by the members of the solar surface that protects against the thick, which acts as an umbrella cloud layers which are yağmurlara has led to.
As a result, today's world is more than just a few degrees of cold temperatures found an average of climate change.
For the earlier model, the scientists could have produced the planet Venus as a hypothesis put forward by evrime in establishing a similar story.
As much as life once the appropriate circumstances, although it has discovered more than a few billion years since ışığa exposed to ultraviolet and converted.
Water vapor and Okyanusları buharlaştı yanarak with ultraviolet rays have been destroyed.
Single, sold out, and just behind the deadly impact of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide have remained packed with a thick atmosphere of Venus; that is, in the form we know today.
The new climate of Venus, Araştırmacılar Geophysical Research Makalelerinde shared the results of the model.
Patrick Roy, the Avalanche antenörlüğünden resigns
Patrick Roy, the team say in the decision-making process on Thursday, he said, but not Colorado Avalanche vice president of hockey operations, and that he has resigned from his post.
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic, it approved the development of the club, and to search for a new head coach will begin immediately, he said.
The 50-year-old Roy, the declaration of "in the last three years, the Colorado Avalanche in the top position as vice president of hockey operations and training duties in the energy, passion and determination, rather than I have," he said.
During the summer that the team needs the snow by giving more in how and how iyileştirebileceğimi çıkarabileceğimi lashed out at a higher level, I thought.
To achieve this vision of the hockey coach and VP operations with a vision of the company must be in perfect harmony.
He also promised decisions affecting the performance of the team also needs to be right.
The current situation is not yet is related to these conditions.
Roy on 23 May, 2013, the team who make Sakic, Roy in the team for his contributions to the team.
Sakic me today, "Patrick said he was aware of the decision," he said.
Everything is done for Kuruluşumuz to thank him and wish him luck in the future, high.
Roy, the Avalanche with the Cavs in the league in his first season as head coach of the best was awarded the Jack Adams.
Kulübe 112 points, and the team's first in the league, with the Colorado, however, provided that the period of losing to Minnesota in the first round of every two years and also missed the season after the games.
In 2015-16, the Avalanche 39-39-4 bid has passed and the Western Conference for the second wild card in the space of less than five points.
Honour Listesindeki goalkeeper Roy, two of the Montreal Canadiens for, including two in the Avalanche won four Stanley Cup.
The North Sea oil workers strike to put the talks continue
The North Sea oil workers wages due to the strike was suspended and a new round of talks, the chief negotiators for the controversy started.
Oil field services company Wood Group, against the strike, operated by Royal Dutch Shell platforms in the North Sea taking place gradually.
A joint statement by the "Wood Group as a rule with the RMT union and the current process to resolve the dispute, we decided to start again," the report said.
Over the next few weeks, starting at the beginning of the week the next to the problems facing the prospect of a new benimsemek for all days we will hold a series of meetings.
Labour unions, up to 30 per cent fee cuts in the protest against the varabilecek 25 years and the first since the actions of other countries.
Wood Group, the negative pressure in the market this year, due to the North Sea in the statement about yüklenicilerine as we had made the cut by 9 per cent.
The fee reduction process after the company in 2014 from yüklenicilerine de 10% price reduction has been applied.
The company has additional cuts to the bad in the market for the introduction of the period, the company said it will provide the necessary space.
Shell, British energy company BG Group are aimed at streamlining their operations the solution, with thousands of people from the work and up to 10 of the country's oil and gas operations announced plans to leave.
Energy companies, Britain has in June, the European Union's decision to leave a legacy of the economic situation, the low pressure altınadır due to crude oil prices.
Dave Anderson, a member of the Scottish Parliament earlier this week met with the leaders of the workers in the North Sea in the debate over one of the most significant reduction in the conflict.
As he said himself, the North Sea, vital interest for the regional economy.
He is "a statement by the North Sea and across the country for the minority, not the majority for an effective economy we need," he said.
In the past five years, on average, about $7 billion in 2016, despite the investment in the North Sea, the new projects are less than $1.4 billion is expected to be invested.
Kepler, Ulker team yıldızındaki stars return to the pace of surveys
Kepler space telescope with the task in the past, astronomers Ulker yıldızındaki stars return to the rates of the team in terms of the complete catalogue oluşturabilmesine thought.
New data, the team that is exactly why the variable stars yıldızındaki quickly went back and return to the scenery with interest anlayabilmesine planet formation is helping.
Caltech in Pasadena at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at a research scientist who, a news release said Luisa Rebull "Sonuçlarımızı clusters, while with the mass of a star, and even the age of the solar system in the past, and the relationship between edinebilmeyi we hope more information about the place."
The star of the team they were light years Dünyadan 445 Greek-speaking Eastern Roman Empire.
Most of the stars the team yıldızındaki 125 million years ago and that at the level of our new erişkinlik.
That could be the highest pace along the Yaşamları dönmektedirler.
Return to the top of the phase velocity, the director of a large amount of stars stars arrive in the self.
High winds and magnetic fields of stars such as the impact of the incident on the stars of self.
The rate of return suffer a star starts to fall.
Kepler, each of the stars return to the pace of the sun as a star lekelerinin lekeleri can be the difference between the prospect of measures by following the deadline.
The latest return to the rates of the catalogue of small stars, bigger stars come back faster.
Rebull dansçılara benzeterek of those great stars, only added to the small returns on what happened more slowly than it has carried out in a way.
"The Ulker balesinde Rebull in slow in the fast might be much harder, much in the light of the stars we see that place." "
They were very close to the star in the team than out of the return with the characteristics of the stars for a cosmic laboratory karşılaştırılması ideal sees the task.
"The young star teammates Rebull Ulker and elderly in both directions as a star returns to the theoretical models of" establishment ".
Stars return to the rates of how, when and why, it all fell, I can dance ayakkabılarını caiz in why we want to learn about a strip that did more to do.
The team and his colleagues Ulker Rebull stars return rates associated with the newest analizlerini Astronomy shortly, will be published in the magazine's article detailed how three new light.
