28-Year-Old Cook Was Found Dead In The San Francisco Shopping Center
A 28 year old chef who has recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping center this week.
However, the victim's brother, noting that you don't think it would be someone who would want to hurt him, he said: "things have been going well for him in the end."
San Francisco forensic medicine institution, located in the Westfield Shopping Centre on Wednesday morning, the body of 28-year-old San Francisco resident, Frank explained that it was determined that it belonged to Galicia.
San Francisco Police Department reported that homicide was the cause of death was determined and that the research is continuing.
The victim's brother, Louis, Galicia, the ABC station in San Francisco kgo previously working as the head of the culinary department in Boston, who has been Frank, gained their dream job six months ago in San Francisco Sons & Daughters kitchen has started to work as the head of the Department said.
Sons & Daughters authority of this death they call themselves "dope ain and they are extremely sad," he said.
"We are a small team here that works very much like a tight family and will be missed," he said.
At this challenging time, frank and family our prayers are with them that it is important to note that they are not alone.
Louis Galicia, Frank was staying in the hostel and initially said "in the end things were going well for him," he said.
Louis Galicia, Kgo "he kept an apartment and a girl he was dating," he said.
Louis Galicia, I thought it would be someone who would want to hurt his little brother said.
A gentle person with a big heart.
The plate always gives us a way to bond with family, prepare dinner for us was to make," said Louis Galicia.
He didn't want to enter into controversy.
My brother would always adapt to the situation.
He said, "everything else goes wrong in the world when it was uncut diamonds, sparkling sparkling water it every day," he said.
SFPD at 415-575-4444 of the person who owns the information, is urged to call the hotline.
Resident doctors on strike: a new business calls for a slowdown
Slowing the work of the Unions regarding a dispute about a new contract resident representatives asked him for permission.
The British Medical Association (BMA) physician assistant Committee (JDC) from the beginning of September to the slowing action of the General Council called to support more business.
JDC, with the agreement of the Minister stated that concerns fix.
Resident Doctors and medical students, the BMA voted in with the contract agreement.
Of the members who voted for this, by 58% declined.
In an article published on Twitter on Thursday night, President Ellen McCourt JDC, the Government of the Convention about issues that cause you to be rejected "persistently remained silent" said.
Himself said: "in light of this, concerns regarding the JDC board voted to reject the proposed new contract completely and re-start official negotiations urged."
JDC administration, the government's silence in response to BMA Council since the beginning of the month of September, the business made a formal request to allow a program to slow down in the direction of increasing.
Dispute, the first resident in the history of the NHS, including six this year caused the total deduction to go on strike.
Dr. Johann Malawana BMA the physician assistant leader, resigned after a vote of no BMA the terms of the proposed contract were given.
Resident Doctors and medical students to 54,000 during the meeting prior to the vote, members of the BMA accepted this it was a good deal needs to be said.
After the vote, the health Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, will apply the Convention in the UK that would be implemented in a way that indicated to the doctors.
Russia and Turkey: A 'Misfits Alliance'?
This was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey on the day Tuesday with a handshake and the words, and continuing with the economic sanctions, the war has been terminated, eight months to announce that we officially met.
However, in the hallowed halls of the Palace greets his Turkish counterpart Vladimir Putin in St. Petersburg, I got the impression obvious that this compromise by seeking a maximum of Ankara.
El sikisild, Yes.
But Mr. Putin's smile was weak and he wasn't spreading any warmth, even against their own standards is quite limited.
On the contrary, Recep Tayyip Erdogan has repeatedly "best friend" told me about Mr. Putin; according to a report five times.
I'm surprised at the number.
He also relations with Russia at pre-crisis levels won't come back when it has pledged will reach much higher levels.
The next day, a paper here were acting as if nothing bad had ever happened in Mr Erdogan's expressed.
Just the thrill of it showed the opposite.
However, Mr. Putin gave the impression that cold around, the leaders of Russia showed that you haven't forgotten anything.
In fact, in his opening statement mentioned the first thing that was the cause of the crisis: Russian warplanes shot down the Syrian border in Turkey.
Then Russia's reaction was full of rage.
Mr Putin, a tough debut Ankara and Moscow is accused of stabbing in the back.
The friend was believed to have been a lot of resentment of the other side bigger.
A real sense of trust to rebuild, it will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
The idea of the Russian people since the month of November have changed.
The state-controlled media, in a manner that Ankara was aimed at shocking and offensive for months.
Suddenly, the Turks were to blame for everything.
Of these the most serious, the so-called Islamic state in Syria, Mr Erdogan's family of the senior officials in the areas under the control of the profit charges that were obtained from illegal oil trade.
He categorically refused.
However, the official message from St. Petersburg, was that it was time to move on.
Ultimately, the realization of this meeting, the President demanded apology from the Minister of the reason for Mr. Putin got what that meant.
Russia may be seen as a victory of a sort.
Call a truce for Ankara of the benefits are very clear.
First, Erdogan last month occurred in the aftermath of the failed coup which will cause you to fall over and almost needs friends.
I am very impressed by the recurring terror attacks in Turkey itself.
Also, for economic reasons, too enabled.
Russia sanctions hit hard, especially every year, several million tourists to the coastal regions of Turkey, carrying Russian special time of prohibition.
This number is almost 90% by fell.
Tour operators and rental companies in Russia will continue flights also definitely relieved.
Do they depend on the density at the end of the season in the Mediterranean.
And this week, state television, Turkish imports of agricultural products that would be predicted to again being allowed with a reduction in fruit and vegetable prices.
We are going to take a page from a story in the newspaper Vedomosti, "if the tourists there, the tomatoes here".
However, there was a separate political value of the visit to Moscow available.
Ankara is angry because West's reaction to the coup attempt found inadequate.
Progress at the negotiations on accession to the United States for a long time due to the speed of a snail when added to the anger that Turkey's breaking off ties with the West, Mr Putin and who want to benefit from the coldness between them is activated.
Definitely call support because elected officials in the aftermath of the coup attempt Russian leader collected from Ankara sympathy looks.
We must not forget that, about regime change and also a deep-rooted fear this was inevitable to Moscow carrying an attitude.
This ornate Palace by the sea, held in this summit, Russia, and Turkey analyst, explained to me in a way like "Misfits" Alliance represents the West and refusing bad acting, the two countries join forces.
This consensus still on display, despite the appearance they are quite different from each other.
One of the most important of these about Syria: Russia and Turkey as a mediator, although support different parts of Moscow itself.
The first, which lasted almost three hours after the talks, the two presidents at a press conference to say that is not much information about this subject supports it.
The President of Turkey, while avoiding to clearly answer questions related to these differences, Mr Putin chose to underline them.
There is a clear consensus on how to identify common ground in Syria.
However, the ongoing hostilities is clearly for months - and after Russian warplanes shot down NATO-member Turkey, with the resulting absolute given the potential for disaster - at least to start the conversation the two leaders is definitely a good development.
The Royal Bank of Scotland, for customers outside of Scotland are disappearing
The Declaration of the Chairman of the Executive Board of the bank, according to the RBS Brand, the back office will reach a position.
The Royal Bank of Scotland, for customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McGowan, BBC Scotland RBS global brand that is associated with the Bank's objectives stated.
Eight years ago, almost stinging withdraw them from coming to the state and had to give up.
Within this period, brand strategists, and other consumer finance to protect their brands 'RBS used.
This six-nation Rugby Championship for sponsorship from Wimbledon champion Andy Murray was supported by many millions of pounds.
Now, however, it was decided that more would be about right for one of the national brands.
Scottish the Royal Bank of Scotland will be used by customers, but a new beginning will be made.
The centre is in England and Wales and listed on the stock exchange will be replaced by RBS except if all references to natwest.
For customers in Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland Ulster Bank the brand currently is being used.
Retail banking is also available for smaller brands to undertake a much more pressing task; Coutts, Adam & Co., Drummond and Holt's military Bank.
Mr. McEwan, Inverness-Shire, gave an interview on an organized tour for customers and staff.
He told BBC Scotland: "after that, more and more brands now that we will be a bank investor which employs our personnel and our brand the brand Brand the RBS it won't be."
The bank itself become a global brand, as RBS has become a global brand.
Now the global not local I am saying that is our goal.
Each of these brands will be highlighted in the community one resides in a slightly different manner, and our staff will work with customers under the name of these brands.
RBS Six Nation Championship will continue to sponsor about sponsorship and sports has announced that it is raising the profile of different brands.
Chairman of the Executive Board, "Now it's time to switch brands to approach the Bank (because we were asking ourselves) can we do better for customers a bank?" he said.
Three years ago, a great Bank for our customers as we bring these brands and we will be disagreeing I would have found that we are alayvari.
But what we are doing ourselves and not customers ' needs with our focus on, I think you'll see a lot more changes.
We may retain this brand again, and I think this is the right time.
Frankie Dettori, with Victories in Newmarket Predilection with 3000. wins
Dettori, with a double success in Newmarket 3000. champagne popped after the victory
Jockey Frankie Dettori, Friday Newmarket day in the UK in 3000. won the victory.
At the local track, John gosden predilection has reached this milestone by earning his second victory of the night with trained by.
The 45-year-old Italian, Unobstructed a run in the sixth jockey to reach that milestone.
Sir Gordon Richards himself, Doug Smith Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson follows the traces of.
Previously restored to glory in ghayyar three-time State champion jockey said: "This is a special occasion."
I was so touched to have my family here
When I started 30 years ago in Newmarket the fact that it makes me really happy.
This is an important meeting, not a royal Ascot it's not - it's just a regular Friday night with 20,000 people.
I feel relieved and relaxed myself.
Dettori, in the aftermath of victory by bringing cheer predilection accepted
Steeplechase jockey to reach that milestone two: 20 times champion and champion jockey Richard Johnson and a record-breaking career in 4300% in the victory over Sir Anthony retired jockey McCoy.
Lester's career Victory in the Derby race winning nine times piggott 4493
Frankie, one of the greatest jockeys of all time reaches a milestone that only a few people and it's not surprising for it to reach previously.
Stylish and powerful person, however, has a tactical element that allows you to push heavy scale from the others in that mindset.
Horse racing itself represents an extraordinary way, and his charisma draws in people with this sport for years and is very excited about this.
A few weeks ago, only on the weekends and competing in the races in Epsom Frankie big to be a jockey 6000. I told him he could have attained victory.
Seriously, Frankie, 30 years in the United Kingdom fielded a large portion of the Victories that had to see it.
Pretty exciting for a character and this in itself is a very good feature but beyond that British racing has an exceptional jockey.
Frankie Dettori, the stroke movement celebrated this milestone with the iconic prancing horse
Finished the race by jumping, such as jump landings unobstructed Frankie dettori many motion from the horse became a symbol of British a run for twenty years.
This is a road that was full of ups and downs.
In 1996 at Ascot, the famous 'Big Seven', including many big victory along with winning the race, survived a plane crash due to failure to comply with prohibition and the drug has been banned.
During the return from suspension of six months, three years ago this especially if it's difficult, of course people suspect the best way to prove you wrong in the way you need to go to and had a strong character that showed.
And may continue for a while; at least until the age of 50, before Dettori had stated that he wanted to continue the contest.
Russian President Putin, Sergei Ivanov from the mission received a special pen
Russian President Vladimir Putin, Sergei Ivanov received an unexpected discharge of a special pen.
Mr. Ivanov, Mr. Putin's trusted for many years was a part of his inner circle.
63-year-old, now was appointed as the Special Representative for environmental and transportation issues.
In a statement from the Kremlin, Mr Putin that "Russia's Ivanov made the decision to end the mission management responsibility," but no reason was given, it was stated.
Mr. attorney Anton vaino, who was commissioned for this position since 2012 Ivanova.
44-year-old VAIO, a former diplomat.
In 1972, he was born in Tallinn the capital of Estonia, the renowned Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and graduated from he served in the Embassy in Tokyo.
Later, presidential personnel and government has been concerned with the administration of the Protocol; in this way it is the expressions on the Kremlin web site (in Russian).
After the appointment, Mr Putin said: "Thank you for trusting me."
The most important duty of the administration in terms of controlling the implementation of laws and instructions as the head of the state, I think it is to support your activities.
Mr Putin, the Russian television channel on the day of Friday, Mr. Ivanov and Mr. vaino wants to withdraw from the mission to replace the proposed announced.
Smiles convincing?
Moscow surprised by this move.
Sergei Ivanov, Vladimir Putin's closest allies and he was working as one of for a long time, like himself, served in the KGB Soviet security forces.
He was one of the most powerful people in the country as a special pen.
President Putin in a meeting broadcast on state television, stated that both voluntarily resigned with a special pen.
However, for a given pose of the cameras smiling, despite very few people here convinced of this, especially it was during this period that the parliamentary elections are approaching.
Well, this is kind of a dispute that stemmed from a power struggle?
Yet nobody knows that.
But a person who may be President than one of the formal description want to steer in the direction that Russia's environmental policy was greeted with great suspicion.
According to an excerpt from the website of the Kremlin, Mr. Putin, Mr. Ivanov for the following words: "a conversation at the beginning of 2012, this challenging - even problematic you might call - for the task I want you to trust me for four years.
Well, apparently, I served as a presidential special item for four years and eight months.
Mr. Ivanov undertook this task in December 2011.
Previously the post of Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister had taken place.
Itself, like a member of the Russian Security Council and state security forces, Mr Putin is a former member of the KGB.
At the end of the 1990s, which replaced the KGB, Mr Putin Federal Security Forces (FSB) at the head position of Mr. Ivanov has him power of attorney.
When Mr Putin came to power-Ivanov's most trusted people as one of the five was showing.
Mr. Ivanov, Mr. Putin's unconstitutional third term to the presidency after Putin's second term, Mr. President, because it was believed that it could be.
However, this task, another close ally of Putin's, were handed over to Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr Putin, three and a half years later, re-before returning to the presidency became the Prime Minister.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson, the producer fired after he shot
Gibson, in Los Angeles last month, has been involved in a physical fight on the set of the index.
The directory in which ABC studios and CBS television studios production, in a joint statement that announced itself to have been laid off.
Gibson, who plays special agent Aaron hotchner, of termination prior to the announcement of Tuesday published an apology on the day.
There was discord on the set, creative differences and in the subjects.
In a statement, "I am sad due to the occurrence of such an event," he said.
ABC studios and CBS television studios in the statement, Gibson's character may be brought from a program that follows a group of FBI agents at a later date that will be given detailed information on how it is stated.
Previously on Dharma & Greg sitcom named located in the 54-year-old actor, since the first season in 2005 included in the program.
Gibson, in a statement published Friday on the day of, " - I love going home, and I tried giving him my heart and my soul for the past twelve years," he said.
I wish I could stay until the end, but this is no longer possible.
Just the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful team and, most importantly, I want to thank the best supporters could have a program.
The twelfth season of the program is expected to return to the screen on September 28th.
The mystery of the garden of the fish in Banff
A person who lives in the Banff area, Banff appealed for help for the identification of the fishes that emerged in the garden.
Kevin Bain, marine sand transported by hose 75 fish this fish thinks it might be.
Who live far away from the sea, 500 m bain, a fish two inches long in the hope of someone shedding light on the emergence of the images published in periscope.
Queensferry Gateway: Fife is connected to the bridge now
The project should be completed until 2017 worth £ 1.35 billion
Engineers combined The gate and the viaduct to the north of Queensferry; and means connected to this bridge now Fife.
This is to be completed in the vicinity of each of the three towers of the bridge which is deck fans" from closing between the first four.
600 meters long section of the bridge from Fife and weighs 30,000 tons.
Consists of 10,000 tons 20,000 tons of concrete and steel support cable 46.
The project should be completed until 2017 worth £ 1.35 billion in May.
Economy Minister Keith brown today visited the facilities and was one of the first people to walk to the bridge from the land.
He said: "This is a historical and symbolic moment in the construction of the queensferry crossing.
We all have just over 30,000 tons of concrete for the construction of this portion of the bridge is a truly epic engineering on the scale we are witnessing with this project.
Viaduct and the bridge that closes the gap between the bridge deck despite its extraordinary size and weight, this adaptation is a delicate operation that requires extremely precise tolerances.
Overall, the bridge deck, a total of almost 79% in the case of entrenched, concreting of the first section of the deck today ready to be lifted onto the bridge deck will be held in rosyth this means that you will be entire.
The forth Bridge walkway contractors and Project Manager Michael Martin said: "All Bridge projects are always the first closing is an important milestone.
This extraordinary project, this closing represents leadership in civil engineering.
The placement of the road deck last after connecting and expanding to the level of the North Tower, North-or black - we needed to close the gap on the side.
This also viyadug 700 millimeters in the north of the far south the withdrawal was carried out.
This is a very big but also a very delicate process.
The reason that is great viyadug of 222 feet long and weighs 6000 tons, nearly 3% of the withdrawal in slope was required.
To be precise, the team must meet the tolerance values was too low; only up to a few millimeters on both sides.
Fortunately everything went well.
Moelfre Bay rescue team: three men 'lucky to be alive'
Three men killed after falling from a fishing boat in Anglesey "lucky to have survived".
Lifeboat RNLI Moelfre lifeboat Station and moelfre after seeing the case in the Gulf of assembly, Friday, on the day of British summer time 13:20 gave the alarm.
Three men, continues to swim towards the boat while he was trying to work itself out into a safe area.
Moelfre lifeboat responsible for control of the lifeboat "I saw the boat circling toward them, and we are alarmed," he said.
"Fortunately, them the right path until she went away we comes out with strong winds" he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat and a 60-year-old third in a state without a life preserver buoy while sticking to a tired man I found him.
All the way to shore on the lifeboats was removed, and was brought to the station the lifeboats
Mr Jones said: "three men from falling into the water, they are alive and unscathed, because they are never lucky.
There was a boat engine, emergency stop cable, but the driver of the boat than when the boat capsized in a way that must be broken.
Today, she was watching one of these three men.
Valuable health and happiness Go a hunting type Pokemon
To see how the world has changed is truly astonishing.
Young people and children to play the game no longer out there, chooses to spend their free time staring at screens when for the past ten years, it was a situation where most people are upset.
People stood up from the couch and Go to move Pokemon is encouraging.
The time spent looking at the screen, especially in a time when television was limited to video games, and finally spread to a smart phone.
Therefore, technology and mutually exclusive elements of moving in the open air to see if there are really great.
Of course in the beginning created for the video game in the 90s (later animated series, game boards, and other side products turned into the character of go which is an application based on the Pokemon I'm talking about.
As a phenomenon of popular culture, this new game also the beginning of July in the United States, Australia and New Zealand had added a lot of mess when it was presented.
Then, the overload on the servers which causes the presentation was postponed because of the intense interest in other countries.
In a day and almost the same number of Twitter users reached more than Pokemon tinder go.
How does it work?
In a nutshell, by taking their smartphones players, GPS tracked by Call up and find Pokemon that are in the way of the 'allowed to take pictures' (on the phone taking a screenshot), or their 'catch'.
Played the game at a younger age out of the couch for the quest of a generation who joined in the frenzy.
The game in the United States, an "average" person has led to a significant increase in the number of the step every day.
The Apple Watch, which is an application that was developed for the following users and 35,000 Cardiogram recently, the Washington Post among the people that followed the introduction of the game over the next two days, every day 30 day rate rose from 53 percent to 45 percent of people who exercise said.
The company who doesn't know go play Pokemon; it only can see the raw data on the level of Exercise.
People say "30 minute time allocation", "lifted from the couch" and "most public health campaigns, which encourage people to be active every day, most of the people that appear boring and miserable due to be passed by public health messages was ignored.
How vurgulansa the importance of exercise but still less.
Individuals who exercise regularly, the possibility of cancer or depression is reduced.
Exercise, weight control, high blood pressure and diabetes, and provides help on topics such as the list of advantages is too long to be listed here.
However, the beauty of the Pokemon go, people to do something they enjoy is to take out.
In this way, three basic elements of health will also be covered: movement, fresh air and fun with sunlight.
You can obtain some people even new friends during the hunt.
As usual, searching for something to complain about a buzzkill grim is also available.
And, of course, slams the door as someone walked in.
What's the difference?
A great innovation is presented.
Although we follow the movement of firebit, such as smart phone applications did not offer a reason for us to do exercise like this game.
Innovation will be the impact of the use of information and will decrease over time.
However, due to the success of Pokemon, people who hunt through activities and virtual reality applications in the real world to merge with a more active, fit and healthy help to be many games which will be removed.
www.drjoetoday.com read blog posts from Dr. Joe's address
Simone Biles, the general snatched the gold medal in women's gymnastics assessment
Forget the pressure.
Forget all the hype.
Simone biles is immune to all this.
About jumping dynamic.
Is comfortable on the balance beam.
In place with is astonishing.
At first down to perfection.
And now an Olympic champion.
19-year-old American gymnast, first completed the general evaluation of the day Thursday with the rest of the world clearly demonstrated the difference between himself in the Olympics.
Taken in total 62,198 points, silver medal and "final Five" Aly raisman and Russian Aliya Mustafina bronze medal from the team who is a friend was over.
Simone Biles from the United States of America, on the day of Thursday, in Brazil, held in Rio de Janeiro at the 2016 Summer Olympics women's artistic gymnastics performs on the balance beam in the final general evaluation.
Biles, back-to-back overall rating fifth overall and fourth American woman Award, and he became of his own generation and has made its name as perhaps the best of all time.
When the last total were published, she burst into tears and ended the long trip out to get to this moment.
This success leads to new levels once in every generation that the sport can be seen on the same level with athletes such as Michael Phelps took:
Biles, in the last three years by 10%, including 15 World Championship gold medal and 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou retton itself "the best gymnast I've ever seen" greed and a blend of routines that allows you to use naming as one of the most successful as of this sport with stunning sensitivity spent.
A recent test was waiting for him in Brazil; with the components of this contest and to be among other people in the field that generates the load was between our very own great expectations.
In Texas, with less than a handful in the spring in the family's home to return a gold medal would be seen as a disappointment.
Simone Biles from the United States of America, left, and Aly Raisman in Brazil, held in Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics artistic gymnastics women, the overall assessment after receiving gold and silver medals, respectively, on Thursday, Aug.
Biles, retired first national team Coordinator Martha have served as an exclamation point at the farewell party of karolyi Tuesday, won the day.
Towards the Summit on ingredients this in the long run, although it didn't look no further insists, that's not exactly true.
Exercise routines that place has become the symbol of migration, including part taklali, Rio Olympic Arena that will allow it to fit into the street outside with the Latin music has been prepared.
This is not a coincidence.
As a child she was adopted by her grandfather and grandmother and Aimee Boorman boorman which was discovered by the girl's mother coaching trips to a gym, became a power.
Since the summer of 2013 has lost none of the global assessments; a series that needs to continue to win as long as you want on the ingredients.
The two undertake this leadership rotation Mustafina was temporary.
Biles balance beam and floor exercises, which is the World Championship of yet has been done.
15,433 have taken the lead on the balance beam with a score of 15,933 and crowned with Points in the exercises.
Raisman, biles, and he hugged her gently while waiting for the final score once written into a scrapbook as a courtesy while it is true vision, glowing red, white and blue eye makeup around the tears appeared.
Raisman performance, shared fourth place, but later lost the bronze medal performance of four years ago, when it was like a replay of Mustafina.
This time, the Americans "Nana", which is named for the 22-year-old team captain, was one.
From time to time overcome with a suspicious exercise in return sent kisses to the crowd after.
19-year-old earlier this week for compounds taken too it can be said that shared tweet has gained a completely new meaning now:
Police: 3 victims in the case of a serial killer, was shot in the car while listening to music
In the case of the serial killer Phoenix, the first in ten years, two women and a 12 year old girl, published on the day of Thursday, according to the police report, was shot while talking in the car and listening to music.
Officials, Angela Rochelle Liner, Stephanie R. Ellis, and Ellis was shot in a parked car on a driveway of maleah stated that on June 12.
Report of armed person's car on the Passenger Side by another vehicle and had taken the handgun with eight shots while standing away.
The police says that the three adult victims of murder because the robbery does not appear to aggressive or handbag $ 2.900 she didn't take his money.
Phoenix police spokesman Jonathan Howard, Sergeant, armed with the attack LED researchers to examine whether this attack is linked to the previous four he stated.
People of Hispanic origin live in neighborhoods where predominantly occur in a period of four months nine people were killed and two were injured in the attack, a total of seven.
Howard, at the beginning of this month, a subsidiary of CBS kpho "this was in front of a house in a residential area," he said.
The suspect, brown towards the end of the 1990s model Nissan, BMW or Cadillac towards the end of the 1990s in a model that uses several tools including a black and white Lincoln, it is believed.
Researchers is related to the same killer, the same killer of attacks was carried out by the evidence that allows to conclude that they refused to explain.
Ellis (33) due to injuries, was hospitalized and later died.
Liner (31) and Maleah Ellis died at the scene.
A person who witnessed the event, the police have such persons sitting in a parked car, said it was not unusual for me to not listen to music.
The authorities at the same time, three murders and a half hours of target shooting a police report regarding the incident was published before an empty truck.
Investigators found shell casings, a projectile seat in the engine compartment and pulled out a bullet from the particles detected.
6-year-old mother of microcephaly patient: "it gets better"
Most six-year-old child, Edmund Picciuto also singing, toys, and of course he loves his mother.
But unlike his peers, Edmund microcephaly in ailment; these, his mother Elizabeth picciuto is a genetic disorder which existed during pregnancy.
When you first came home, my first thought was I can't do this.
I can't do that.
I didn't want that.
Of course this is not true, of course you should," he said.
He and his wife Vincent, Edmund in life that can never taniyamayab kalamayab them and even I was told.
Some doctors went so far as to offer to be admitted to a nursing home.
Picciuto "my first reaction was to tell her I didn't think people did that anymore," he said.
Edmund, with the help of a walker can walk.
Edmund is three years old and still cannot sit upright until he could not move or speak.
However, some of the turning points is reaching slowly.
With assistance he can walk and he can ride a bike.
In addition, he loves playing and singing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth, Edmund, "please sing to me" to mean invented sign language shows.
Picciuto, CBS News said, "We are teaching him sign language".
However, this is not sign language as we know it, says Edmund made up his own signs.
Microcephaly, due to a series of different situations that may occur during pregnancy such as measles and Edmund a genetic condition may be present and may be caused by the infection of viruses, such as created by Intelligence.
Symptoms and disease course can differ greatly.
Intelligence will be affected too early to say how the situation of life of people with infection.
Picciuto, remember the emotional burden of the uncertainty of the future.
I was constantly asking What if.
What?
And he still doesn't know it.
In fact, I expected him to tell me that no one really asked a question about the course of the disease for a pretty long time.
However Picciuto, full of hope for Mothers of infants with congenital birth defects due to their intelligence is in a position to offer advice.
It's getting better.
You know it will be better for you.
You will love your child, your child will love you.
Louisiana, Mississippi, heavy rain and flooding has mobilized rescue teams
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana, with more rain expected on the day of the day of Friday until Saturday, led the governor to declare a state of Emergency.
The National Weather services of Northeast Louisiana and Mississippi in the South numerous rivers that overflow has occurred in the aftermath of heavy rain and widespread flooding that posed a danger of this stream is reported.
John Bel Edwards, Louisiana Governor, state officials are constantly in contact with the local authorities and the affected neighborhoods support on the way that was stated.
The Governor's Office of Homeland Security and emergency preparedness spokesman Mike Steele, were high-water vehicles, boats and visors made demands that have been said.
Steele, Tangipahoa ton for the quarter just stated that the Visor is being requested.
Most of the day Saturday until a flood in South Louisiana will be applied to the watch.
Weather services, in a statement stated that rainfall could fall up to 3 to 5 inches of extra space.
South Alabama, in Mobile as it continues to rain in the area Saturday day, there was a shift.
Both the amite River near Denham Springs and Baton Rouge in Louisiana on the river Committee is expected to reach near record levels during the week.
Forecaster Alek Krautmann, both River and many houses in the suburban areas near Baton Rouge said he could drive under water.
Itself, also filled rivers of Lake maurepas in Ascension that will slow the flow of flood flow by the quarter stated that they posed a threat.
Liverpool, just south of the Mississippi State line in Louisiana, Tickfaw River, measured at the highest level was reached already 9 in the morning. Friday.
Rescue teams located in the southwest, the people of Mississippi, Amite and Wilkinson continues to recover from a flood in accidents.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and his stepson, were recovered on Friday near Gloster.
Hansford (62), normally 400 feet away from the house in the night of rapidly rising water from the Beaver Creek said.
Another who lives nearby warned him of his adoptive son, he said.
Hansford, "we woke up and the water kept coming," he said.
It was coming up to my waist.
His wife, hansford lived here for 48 years and he said it was the highest level seen in the creek.
Hansford, and family members that he is disabled himself, and is the only person who stated that swim.
Hansford, emergency workers were three large, military-style truck and saved during the day of Friday he took it to the fire station in Gloster he said.
Krautmann, intense flooding as the rains continue "spreading rapidly" and said that he thinks the authorities to order an evacuation.
Krautmann, an observer reported Friday morning until midnight of 13.75 percent inch rains near Livingston, said.
Krautmann, high levels of the ground since Wednesday-saturated, he said.
Authorities under heavy rain and flooding in the streets, the rescue of the residents of tangipahoa school districts and five neighborhood schools had the holiday of the need to be said.
WWL is a subsidiary of CBS, said that the flood have left in the house of councillors under tangipahoa female 200 reported.
Residents were evacuated and two were received into the church, but these are now the water is under pressure.
Robbie Miller is responsible for the neighbourhood, the authorities have 72 people who had been stranded due to the rising waters and seven told me that you saved pet.
In the town of Eunice, and opened shelters for people who were evicted in the city of Hammond.
Himself, "when the waters began to retreat, will be allowed to return home," he said.
The city of Hammond in Tangipahoa Quarter, the street was closed because of the rising waters and nearly two dozen homes and businesses who want to keep the water away from visors to be received by residents was presented.
Administrative Director Lacy Landrum city, "it was the last major flood in the month of March we live," he said.
This will be a similar event.
Mississippi, Harrison accident emergency Manager Rupert Lacy said the rain is continuing steadily on the Gulf Coast.
Tuesday in the home were reported as having a flood a few days, but Friday is not the day for any notification so far in this direction, he said.
The manager of shopper value in foods amite, Keith Thompson, lives in this region for 40 years.
Townson "I haven't seen water in places that never saw water before I was," he said, and added, "and still there is no rainfall."
"His body riddled with bullets" to be 6-year-old Massage Brown, of Philadelphia, survived the onslaught
Police 6-year-old boys had been shot in Philadelphia announced that a 6 year old child that was shot in this town this week is the second event.
CBS Philadelphia massage to his grandparents, Brown identified.
Grandma and grandpa Brown's body, groin area, legs, arms and abdomen, including regions of multiple gunshot wounds, but was conscious when he was brought to the hospital, he said.
Her grandmother Dolores Melendez, the station "have suffered so much, a tiny body riddled with bullets" found in the description.
I can't believe it.
Boys remain in critical condition in the hospital from some surgery and has been listed among those who passed.
Family, said the station is expected to heal itself.
Was supposed to start first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown, who was shot in the Germantown area, was among four people.
Both 29, the two men had been shot at the age of 32.
CBS Philly, 29-year-old in critical condition, one of the men, stated that if the condition of the other two victims is stable.
The station, the child who is in critical condition the 29-year-old was found shot in the front seat of a car with one of the men reported.
The other two victims was not in the police car and explores whether one of the wounded the attacker.
Detectives, the gunmen fired at each other that could be more than one CBS Philadelphia said.
The scene was full of shell casings belonging to different assault rifles assault-style weapon.
Definitely looks like a long-term conflict.
In the street and the sidewalk on each side of the hives were there.
This multiple armed attackers were also there, and both of them that are active show", Philadelphia police Commissioner Anthony Grimaldi told the station.
More than one house and vehicle were also damaged in the region.
Reviewing the security cameras and the police did not arrest any reported.
Still have a daughter who is 6 years old Tuesday while playing in front of a house in West oak neighborhood day was shot in the arm by a stray bullet.
Still looking for a suspect and the police are in the process of healing itself.
Simone, do we need to gabby and Laurie
This year the women's Olympic gymnastics team and I put this name there is more than one reason.
First of all, I attended all the Summer Olympics since 1984, and the United States has never been more dominant.
Second: this team, with many different ethnic origins featuring three inspiring girl gymnasts: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez.
Aly Raisman gathered by Jewish and Catholic Madison Kocian makes everyone proud of this team structure.
Finally America has a similar appearance to the team.
At the same time, black and Hispanic women showed the highest levels of the sport for presence reinforces.
In the past four years, the first female of African descent was an American gymnast always.
Last year, Gabby and Simone 1 and 2. in the ranking.
This is a powerful thing.
In the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas surprise he was an Olympic champion, and America has supported herself.
Three World Championships Simone biles in the whole world now, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez gymnastics routines are unexpected, but will be able to be a witness to the exceptional performance exhibited artfully.
Thursday day, Simone, the overall assessment of women winning the gold medal in back-to-back fourth-was American.
Aly raisman also won a silver medal and teammate.
This sport gymnastics in classes but across the country we are to the best time of tanilik doesn't seem the case.
Simone, gabby and Laurie, to secure a place in the Olympic team with Aly and Madison followed the same path.
The "final five" are the reason why only four are to be found the next Olympic gymnast on the gymnastics team, and this is the last year he'll do the coaching karolyi Marta.
But actually, the gym is quite costly and is primarily paid by the parents, gymnasts, sports training, Travel, Form, competition, accommodation fees (coaches, gymnasts and parents, gymnastics and many more working in a club supported by private fees.
Most of these businesses this can desteleyeb gymnastics clubs, affluent neighborhoods are located in suburban.
This clubs is the only place where gymnasts can receive training, and for the families of gymnasts-cost and long-term requires a commitment.
Simone biles and coach Aimee boorman, coach Laurie Hernandez's Maggie Honey, these athletes have been training gymnastics since the day they started.
Simone, Laurie and gabby gymnastics training for young girls who are affected by countless communities, we are providing accessible and affordable.
20 years ago I founded my own Foundation in gymnastics.
In my organisation, based in Harlem, over 15,000 young people in the city (primarily black and Hispanic) free and low-cost training and coaching national and international Champions both into the gym we offered what we did.
In the month of September, this great Olympic sport learning and instruction to young people who deserve the opportunity to take advantage of it to deliver quality gymnastics to Detroit (where I grew up) we'll expand.
Gymnastics, body strength, flexibility and coordination develops and mentally hard work, discipline and determination of the characteristics it provides.
This combination, health, success at school and work in terms of long term benefits.
Thousands young girl goes to the gym, which that will that's a great thing and this team, you will be inspired.
Participation in sports activities, especially for girls is very important.
Really exciting times we live in.
Simone, Aly, Laurie, gabby, and Madison as the Olympic team Gold Medal by bringing a "girl power" they show clearly, with different backgrounds and many young girls strong, healthy and successful Thank you for having motivated in the direction of becoming a young woman.
After the rejection of Jeremy hunt's proposal, decided to continue on strike, resident doctors
Ministers, officials and the British Medical Association reached an agreement on improved contract after we had hoped that would end the dispute, but the percentage of the resident part in the vote 37.000 58% voted.
In the month of July, Mr. hunt, of the NHS "that is not anyone's property," and further delays the application of contractual sanctions, claiming it would harm to staff and patients in the direction of the announced plans.
Physician Assistant the first group, changes in working practices for the improvement of care outside of normal hours that includes nights and weekends to a new contract is passed.
BMA Assistant to the President of the physicians Committee, Dr. Ellen McCourt, said in a statement last night: "there are serious concerns for residents in relation to the proposed contract; especially in this current crisis would trigger workforce, and adopt an attitude that they think all doctors are equal."
The first doctor only eight weeks remaining of the group to propagate to the new contract and the need to ensure progress in this process it is nearly time.
The efforts in the direction of solving the dispute by talking to BMA the government's reluctance to interact, and in some cases was met with deafening silence.
This last month Jeremy hunt, the door's always open that is seen in spite of His promise that he would be an improvement.
"Jeremy hunt's immediate action, need to respond to resident concerns and lift sanctions."
Resident doctors to do so, they are prepared in the direction of improving the business clearly stating that the actions of slowdown.
At the end of the last strike that took place in the month of April, nearly 13,000 100,000 deferred a routine operation, and appointment, nurses and counselors, the doctors were forced to look instead of strike on the line.
Ministers, officials and the British Medical Association reached an agreement on improved contract after the dispute had hoped that would end.
BMA wants to 54,000 improvement in the subject of the contract for resident weekend fees.
Chief executive of NHS employers Director Daniel Mortimer, urged not to apply any of the resident doctors strike.
Mr Mortimer said: "the Strike won't solve anything, but by creating pressure on already busy Services team and patients, carers and their families for anxiety, causes discomfort and distress."
During the past two months, residents and other authorities we have continued our discussions with the Committee and the Ministry of Health in conjunction with a reconnaissance mission in a positive manner to concerns about notice and close.
Employers important issues - deployment, flexibility training, additional training for those who Dec careers, education costs, curriculum about mutual understanding, training-induced gender wage gaps, such as in medicine and with the continuation of positive communication, November, February and may of the transaction in accordance with the employers reached agreements with BMA in the UK medical education and how a sign that is taken seriously by the Ministry of health was hopeful that.
Cost£ 2 per day drugs that can eliminate the danger of a heart attack at
After suggesting that authorities be given to more people for a longer period of thousands of heart attack patients cost£ 2 per day will be able to benefit from the medication.
Ticagrelor that prevent blood clotting, reduces the risk of a recurring crisis for people with heart disease.
Medicine, and for 12 months after a heart attack, stroke or other are given to reduce the risk of a crisis.
The NHS watchdog, NICE, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems suggested that it be given to the people for four years.
Now, however, the NHS watchdog, NICE, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems suggested that it be given to the people for four years.
Every year over 140,000 people around the UK have heart attacks, and a quarter of them having a stroke or another stroke.
The cause of heart attacks and strokes, build up of fatty substances on the artery walls and form plaque.
The record shatters if it causes the blood to clot by blocking the supply of blood to the heart can cause a heart attack.
If you dislodge the clot moving in the blood stream and blocking the flow of blood to the brain a stroke occurs.
People who previously had a stroke than the risk of another crisis.
The trade name brilique ticagrelor United Kingdom with the company created by AstraZeneca, reduces this risk by reducing the possibility of a clot.
Nice guidance published today, draft, contacts, to give 90 mg ticagrelor for 12 months and then 60 mg of aspirin twice a day for three years together with the application recommends.
NICE health technology assessment Professor Carole langston who is an administrator at the center said: "although effective secondary prevention therapies are available, having another heart attack or a stroke as much as a quarter of heart attack victims, and generally devastating the consequences of them."
Fear of a relapse, can have a significant negative impact on the quality of one's life.
The evidence, before being used in conjunction with aspirin ticagrelor in people who have recurring heart attacks is effective in reducing the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Ticagrelor is temporarily proposed to take advantage of it increased the treatment options that have been presented to thousands of waiting we are pleased to be.
Information about the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor more than three years-especially the risk of bleeding, including is limited because the Supplemental draft does not recommend treatment after this period.
PC culture, the Muslim vote has increased corruption in the regions
Tower hamlets Mayor Lutfur Rahman old last year following a government report, the corruption has been relieved due to
The government report presented today demonstrates that destructive as the culture of political correctness, caused extensive vote fraud in Muslim communities to be ignored.
Former Cabinet Minister Sir Eric Pickles, "due to the extreme sensitivity on the subject of ethnicity and religion, the evidence of electoral malfeasance no longer be ignored because the police, election observers and scolded the Municipal Palace.
The Secretary of the old community, and today's anti-corruption Czar, who fear voters on religious grounds the police on such a bad level to be digested out of the voting Booth should be allowed to pull the ribbon to protect voters, he said.
When voters vote they proposed to hold their ID card to prove their identity.
In the present case, the voter's name and address is enough to tell.
The report, people voting twice, voting for the prevention of permanent ink on the finger during the process, even suggesting that she be banished.
Sir Ericsson, tip them in a better way she needs to be protected, he said.
Itself, Board committees or informal working groups papers and urged to ensure better access to the press about decisions.
"This is not only provide protection against fraud in the elections, but also goes hand in hand with the local government that aims to preserve the culture of corruption and financial fraud," he said.
The report was mandated by the vote, Downing Street scandal of Tower hamlets in East London.
In the past year, a special election Tribunal, Mayor lutfur Rahman of corruption and illegal practices in the aftermath of the ouster of duplicate in the direction of decided.
The Court of whom the religious feelings of the Muslim community "shamelessly exploited" and discovered that he had silenced his critics accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Of whom "based on the principle that voting is a religious duty for devout Muslims, his campaign himself, it was stated that they were acting in.
Up to 300 game to use a fake ID or was a suspect, I mean, like anybody else vote was the result.
Sir Ericsson, said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
Itself, especially on using vote by mail warned about the corruption here for older members of the Muslim community claimed that forced to vote the candidate of their choice.
Ericsson Sir, who are you with them to prove identity in a way that has some suggestions for possessing the voting system includes the regulation of
The report contained the following statements: "some ethnic minority communities, especially including women and young people as valuable members, especially elderly people in Pakistani and Bangladeshi communities of origin in the appropriate direction applies pressure in the direction of the will of the vote, granting that the evidence was obtained.
"The extreme sensitivity of state institutions based on ethnic origin and religion of "political correctness" because there are concerns that ignore this kind of behavior."
Sir Ericsson, voting papers by mail of political activists "in order to win votes" proposal for the regulation of the system in processing block 50, which includes.
The report also surveyed by Theresa may Immigration and welfare fraud to prevent it from being used for purposes of the electoral register the controls to be tightened calling.
Voters be required to show identification before voting, the option to consideration.
Any person voting after voting twice for the prevention of permanent ink on a person's fingers applied.
For determination of eligibility to vote conduct systematic checks related to the nationality of the person.
Automatic requests for postal voting in the three-year limitation applied.
Completed ballots sent by mail and political campaign officials and activists mailed the envelopes of the game that the prohibition of processing.
The police, granting the authority to pull the ribbon around the voting booths.
Charges under People's representation act 1983 should be modified in order to facilitate scare people.
Taking pictures in the voting Booth making illegal.
In the voting Booth (except in Wales) should be conditional on only English being spoken.
Staff received the sanction of the voters of the education that strengthening the rule of entering alone into the booth.
Sir Ericsson, the lack of any blame in the case of Tower hamlets "interesting" by saying that he has criticised the police.
"The electoral court, Lutfur Rahman and was not representative for the recurring corruption and decided that place blame on illegal activities," he said.
Citing a series by itself beyond a reasonable doubt -criminal according to the nature of evidence - was found guilty.
He is also the electoral Registration Department of the town hall non-effective "controls marking the box" criticism.
Sir Eric said: "Tower hamlets last year's court decision was a warning Alarm going off.
Our nation is proud to create the Mother of parliaments, although this alarming spread of corruption and secret elections, and may cause damage to the good reputation that is rejected by some institutions.
Like the other famous Players like Rio and Olympic cyclist Kate to be crazy to
This week, Rio 2016 Olympics enthusiasts, proving that the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand has an impressive resemblance to the Duchess of Cambridge-went crazy for Perevod.
However, the 24-year-old Olympic athlete, a gold medal in the summer while fighting for is not the only athlete striking similarity to the celebrities; at least social media thinks so.
Therefore, in honor of all the famous personalities we see on our screens and the Rio games, female Hollywood celebrities like Olympic athletes beyond andirman has prepared a list of them.
The hunter and the wolf: a member of the U.S. men's archery team is Brady Ellison (left), were compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood
The track bike is similar to Kate's, in addition to many people in the online environment showed that could look like an archer's twin to Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the U.S. men's archery team of Brady Ellison, Hunter emerged after Twitter photos of the stars of the movie exhibits the similarity of Money shook.
Also by being aware of the social media craze and Archer since childhood, that were told to him that looks like Leo admitted.
Brady told The Huffington Post: 'I don't think there is a great similarity except for the hair and the beard.'
'He is a handsome man himself, so I think it's a compliment.'
London 2012 is one of the most popular and comparisons, which will no doubt attract even more attention this year as there is a similarity: the British athlete Greg Rutherford's long jump popular actor Neil Patrick Harris is amazing similarity.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, large and expressive eyes with a Cuban-American artist Gloria Estefan, it was stated that they were similar to identical.
In the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh for years, Glee star Matthew Morrison gets.
Changes: this user Nathan film star's initial 'means that there is an athletic version
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and Josh hartnett actor bushy eyebrows and of her lips for a long time because of the similarity are compared with each other.
The Russian team silver medalist swimmer, with the same Bronze skin and blonde hair actress annalynne McCord, while Nathan Adrian from the U.S. team's fans 'version of Joseph Gordon Levitt athletic they are like', he says.
Hard women: soccer star hope Solo (left) and Dexter star Jennifer Carpenter (right) they have similar face shape and eyes
He's not alone: a Twitter user to notice the similarity of another person she was happy
A theory of remaining in the air: the pair look similar to this user thinks there may be a reason behind that
One Twitter user, "the rest of the internet, Hope solo and Jennifer carpenter's double think" this site has moved to delight in.
In reality, the U.S. soccer star and the actress who plays Dexter's face shape and similar eyes.
Another popular comparisons between Kerri Walsh-Jennings and Laura linney actress the gymnast gabby Douglas's gold medal smile with another that are almost the same with the fire of Youth, the Star of the movie includes Gabrielle Union's similar a big smile.
CBC Olympic announcer, the Chinese swimmer's 'like a pig' apologized for that comment
Byron MacDonald's 14-year-old yanhan AI's 4x200-meter Freestyle race in the fourth place of analysis, CBS live broadcast viewers were outraged Wednesday's Olympic day
Canadian broadcaster CBC announcers, one of 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer 'will be deleted and it goes like a bad smell' in the race 'like a pig' was forced to apologize because of the reviews.
The announcer Byron MacDonald, the women's 4x200-meter Freestyle relay in the final race when he started to explain their ideas, thought the microphone is off.
Team CBC announcer 'color' to add MacDonald's words he heard included: '14-year-old little Chinese heavy screwed up, baby'.
The more excited he was, has been wiped away like a bad smell like a pig died.
Thank you for this.
Aiya Chinese swimmer, on the other hand, (14), the second leg of the relay 1:57.79 time by staying with Taylor finishing seconds behind the Canadians to close the gap between the Chinese Canadian 1,61 rack has allowed.
Canadian viewers, tone and language after they were surprised, because they acted quickly
Emmett Macfarlane "CBC announcer just 14-year-old swimmer 'like a pig' he said???? threw in the form of a tweet.
Idiot, wasn't aware that was still in the air.'
On the other hand Chinese AI 4 x 200 meter Freestyle relay identified as follows: '14-year-old little Chinese heavy screwed up, baby.'
Pretty hard criticism about Byron MacDonald published on Twitter and in a fast way, and many of them was intended to inform themselves
Twitter users couldn't help themselves when you heard how Byron MacDonald's being insensitive
Sarah Paradis another Twitter user wrote: 'Wow #Byron MacDonald.
CBC and Canada and we all appear to be racist cause you're going to represent you. #nausea.
A short time later, continuing the broadcasts on CBS, Scott Russell, MacDonald's comments, apologized saying: 'I apologize for the comment related to swimming race to be published as given.'
It's really unfortunate these-chosen words, we are sorry for experiencing such an event.'
CBC, in response to the comment of people who tweet at least 90 times was forced to apologize
Another announcer Scott Russell, Macdonald was forced to apologize on behalf of
MacDonald's comments on CBC Twitter users then copy and pasted over 90 forwards complaints about this apology
Network, published a statement by apologizing quickly.
In these expressions has been notified and we regret we would like to express sincere about being given to their publication.
Last night, in the publication, our audience, our followers on social media quickly apologised.
We would like to explain Byron's personality swimmer reviews, it's not about performance it was.
However, these words were chosen in an unfortunate way and the quite inappropriate, and extremely upset by what Byron has said.
On Thursday afternoon in Publication MacDonald, apologized, and attempted defence by saying that the lyrics doesn't want to make this a personal attack.
Itself, CBC's Olympic broadcast 'I want to apologize for a comment I made last night after the women's relay race,' he said.
'Swimmer's personality, it's not the performance I was referring to.'
'Needless to say, I meant no disrespect, and I'm sorry.'
Primark customers, the woman who tried desperately spewed anger in the middle of the store underwear
Customers primark a woman in the middle of the panties to try on clothes on the shop floor when I removed didn't know what to do.
Even worse, it looks at how the woman looked, took them off and put on the shelf again.
I continued looking at bouverie Place Shopping Centre Folkestone, and subsequently, tried on four pairs of underwear.
The woman again, before you put it on the shelf at Folkestone bouverie Place Shopping Centre located in that tries to place the panties, Primark store
At that time in the store, a mother of two, Jenny Davidson, after trying on woman's underwear the mysterious 're-dressed and exit the store without buying anything' expressed.
He said it himself: "people couldn't believe their eyes.'
From the window stood in the middle of the store and took the panties, tights and removing her pants he wore.
'Try to find a private place to do this, he was standing in the middle with all the disrespect.'
'Everyone was staring at him when removing panties, and her panties put on the shelf again because it was clear doesn't like.'
Three more have tried washing anything until you decided you didn't like and then re-dressed and came out of the store.
'Cares about his followers later tried on the panties and it looked like he wasn't thinking about who is going to buy.'
Mrs. Davidson, who lives in the town of Kent (33) said: 'wearing someone else's and take one and clean it's disgusting to think that panties would go home.'
This event took place on the afternoon of Tuesday.
Mrs. Davidson added: 'after he left the staff took out sales by finding clothes, and I think that's a very good situation.'
'When I get home and buy new panties, panties removed and put on someone else's washed out and you came to me to think that would be really bad."
A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark, Tuesday 9 August day he is aware of the incident that occurred at our store in Folkestone.'
Related product from sale have been removed.
How you can protect yourself with krav Maga against armed attacks
But the outside world is very dangerous Dailymail.com's offer in this video can help you become more confident.
To learn how to deal with armed robbers in close proximity, which can be based in New York City, we met with the chief of krav Maga master Orhan Mizrachi Federation.
Whether you are approaching from the front or from behind, you wanna see this video how show how you can turn the tables on the mugger.
Mizrachi, approaching from behind, turning to see her attacker and what you should do First your face 'clear the line of fire', he says.
Then your front shoulder with your arm while holding it between the gun idle in the face with your elbow you will hit.
Then if you throw a knee in the groin, the attacker will take double the angle by hand by turning the gun towards him and the gun at this stage, with the rear part of the barrel of the gun remains above itself so that it will hit you in the face.
A similar technique is applied when the armed person approaching from the front; grasp the line of fire by pulling your body and the attacker couldn't shoot the gun in a way that you can turn over.
At the same time, by punching out of your weight by giving weapons and the chest of the assailant turned the gun pointing it at him and takes the gun from him, you're moving backwards.
Sounds tricky is coming?
Mizrachi's Check out the video to see how it does.
But remember; if you are not a master of krav Maga, each robbery the robber would be safest to give your money to avoid.
The dirtiest place in Europe travel guide traveler Ian Wright took it to the language for
The English traveler in Europe, most filthy and disgusting some of the places had a test gag reflex and licking the immune system.
Server and travel writer, Suffolk, Ian Wright (51), the immune system prove the power of his tongue to a Euro banknote, the Piccadilly Circus rail, button drove to a pay phone in a train's Toilet siphon and Russia.
Luminometre himself before licking each object and used to show us what kind of involvement.
However, the lickhiker's Guide to inner strength, which is to be converted into a movie called the experiment, which gave some surprising results.
The thought of licking Chiffon button that is used by thousands of people a train is extremely Gross, even though it's actually a lot more bad bacteria present in the kitchen sink.
Mr. Wright, during a trip in Europe related to the growth and health of bacteria in the stomach, met with doctors and medical professionals.
Nothing except for the bad taste left in your mouth that licked and fortunately had little impact.
Mr. Wright, traveling the world and was recognized with the strength of your stomach by eating weird and wonderful things to test.
In the train station toilet flush buttons definitely this task in general the banister of the immune system has tested a wide range of
In the movie, said about it: 'I've never been one who pays much attention to my health since I was a kid, and the soil, worm and so many things into the muddy water, I put it in my mouth.'
Because of this reputation proved during the movie.
The only thing in Russia a dirty public restroom was refused.
Swab sample showed 4000 luminometre on the unit count.
For the comparison to be made, if necessary, hands freshly washed, this number is supposed to be under 60.
However, freshly washed hands when she refused to lick count under 4000 while the unit is on 60 luminometre was a Russian outhouse
Mr. Wright and the Finnish dairy products manufacturer VAIO, indicating the number of bacteria in different locations such as a bathroom trip lickhiker's Guide to inner strength called the producer of the film, undertook to
In the movie, she said: 'This close to being one of the worst things I have smelled in a bathroom.'
Can't be a nasty thing than that!
I am going to suck a disgusting thing in there.
The lickhiker's Guide to inner strength, in conjunction with Finnish manufacturer valio dairy products was prepared.
The company, Mr. Wright of lactic acid bacteria as well as bacteria in the stomach Valio Gefilus and D and containing vitamin C, which helps strengthen the immune system provided.
Valio of Snacks, fruit juices, and Senior Vice President of the Department of new categories, Nikon Vuorenmaa said: "we wanted to offer consumers something really new.
Fascinating to watch, it's one thing to explain the benefits of probiotics and at the same time.
Finally, the "call on Ian" that emerged the idea of lots of crazy brainstorming we did.
They claim that it has become a global phenomenon of interest in the health of the stomach
Instead of just talking about products we wanted to put into context of a much larger products; the good and bad bacteria around us on a daily basis, in connection with the health of the stomach and the immune system.
Is becoming a global phenomenon on the health of the stomach, and this documentary about this situation we could provide consumers with more information in as attractive a manner.
At the same time, I think we showed the film a great sense of humor that you have!
Tom hakal who directs films, added: "let me tell you, Ian, I want to lick suck Russian Toilet like a nasty film in some things that I would have lost my respect towards him.'
Naturally, Ian is easy to lick some things, although some were quite difficult.
I'm happy we got to record some of this dirty licking action.'
VAIO by 2015 in a survey conducted, 84 percent of respondents, lactic acid bacteria were associated with the health of the stomach and 58% stated that at least intermittently used products containing lactic acid bacteria.
Maganda family, prior to evacuation, saltash, Cornwall, was ravaged by social housing
A bully of the family, they were evicted on the grounds that they scare the hell out of their neighbours in social housing up to 50,000 pounds worth of damage left.
Sheldon and his wife, Tanya, Shaun, after many complaints about trebilcock, saltash, in Cornwall, he was expelled from the housing.
You were forced out from the premises when the officials of the property with housing Association was surprised by seeing that are almost irreparable.
There was big holes in the walls, ripped the floorboards, places, strewn garbage and graffiti on the walls it was written in.
The family now make use of special accommodation removed from the housing and it is believed that
Housing Cornwall housing Manager Donna McAvoy, has expressed fears that the situation will be recoverable.
Himself said: 'for the people in this place truly is a nightmare, and I think people should be forced to live this way.
This property now because there's a lot to be reckoned with as a very unpleasant part of Cornwall will be known.
This family has a bad reputation, and the name has a bad reputation.
Dec Dec family live on the property and had three sons who according to the police, the family, in the street with a baseball bat to fight off, scare nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing, and excessive yelling, intimidating behavior, including discussion and blasphemy were adopted.
In the month of June, in the name on the lease, Sheldon (47) was given to the decision of antisocial behavior.
Thought to be demolished, the old garbage found in many rooms of the house
Floorboards had been removed from the property where the drugs are sold in the past
The neighbors, the police often stated that they saw fighting on the street and was wanted
Cornwall Housing, extended 11 weeks to move voluntarily as they had met him and his wife were forcibly evicted after property this week.
The evacuation process of life, relieved that she was greeted by neighbors who turned into a nightmare.
One person said: 'they didn't care no one.'
We live side by side with them for 20 years, and it was always worse the situation.
How many times have we said If we saw the police here, you wouldn't believe it.
'This morning, we haven't slept.'
Woke up because it was so quiet; we're not used to it!
Are finally gone and everything will be fine.
Cornwall housing neighbourhood enforcement officer stated that the local administration did not cooperate with the Fitzpatrick family of Adam.
The family lived in this house for 20 years, and the police were called to the property often
Old toys and discarded trash on the side of social housing covered with plants
He added: 'the evacuation of the tenant, any disclaimer about it's really embarrassing himself and his family; as the last option that refers to the evacuation Cornwall housing always has been.
Shouldn't the behavior that is excessive and the neighbors bear witness to the actions of that level is scary because this is a very challenging case.
My team, Devon and Cornwall police forces and quite appreciative of the efforts of prominent members of the community to give us the information I'm Brave.
The neighbors of this development, an amount of a message that antisocial behaviour would not be tolerated to relax and to be understood as I'm hoping.
Mr. Fitzpatrick, at different times, of three sons who live on the property, but said they were in their 20s.
After evacuation of the house was left on a dirty mattress on the floor in one of the bedrooms
Housing house employees will need to clean up the piles of garbage that surrounds
In 2014, the property is 70 grams by pressing the police over marijuana, scales, items and special 1700 £ in cash.
Sheldon, was fined after pleading guilty in possession of Class B drugs with intent to distribute.
Money his son who died in a car accident in 2013, he claimed that he would use to get a headstone for Sheldon Lee.
After being homeless, Tanya was staying in a private house in Plymouth and his wife now understood that.
There was graffiti on the walls of most rooms of the house.
The police, the eviction of tenants who violate the rules said they would work in the direction of lease
Devon and Cornwall police force, Angela Crow, was a warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules of parole, he said.
Himself, 'they can behave as they wish without any charges, this, and this is a message for those who think that behaviour would be a waste," he said.
Devon and Cornwall police forces which will continue to work with partners to protect society zero tolerance to crime and antisocial behaviour will not show.
Low-flying military aircraft passing right at the sandy beach in Portugal was horrified tourists
Portugal, Aveiro he lived in for the shock of tourists sunbathing in their lives
Portugal Air Force P-3C Orion, named flight made the plane extremely low
The air force stated that this was a training flight but insisted that safety is not at risk
Low-flying jet passes over beaches full of tourists this is the moment when the panic starts.
Dramatic images in the north of Portugal in Aveiro sunbathers on the sand, almost in military aircraft is seen in the level of impending contact.
Holidaymakers through clouds before I could see what was coming towards them, they stood understandably concerned about the noise of jet engines.
The event occurred yesterday afternoon near Costa Nova in Aveiro.
Dramatic close-a video of the flight on social media is one of the few makers who share Daniel Fernandes said: 'two times went really low and seemed about to crash at some point.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I was doing Surfing on the plane and I swear I felt like I would fall.'
Tourists on the beach in Aveiro, the plane began to fly at very low altitude was horrified when emerging from darkness
Portuguese Air Force, today's P-3C Orion aircraft was on a training flight the pilot fishing boats on the beach to identify and control them because that is the only way to explained that you had to go that low.
Visibility due to smoke from nearby wildfires is weak, since low altitude than normal, but the air force said the jet, insisted that anyone's safety is not compromised.
This summer, fires have destroyed certain parts of mainland Portugal and Madeira Island are quite inactivating power on caused the death of four people.
Portuguese Air Force pilot's vision today complicating conditions (dense fog and smoke arising from fires inactivating power) should fly low due to
It was a training exercise as part of the exercise the plane and the pilot was requested from the identification of fishing boats
Participating in ISID Londoner schoolgirl, killed in Syria
The past year one of the students allocated to attend three ISID Sultana British girl from London with an accident has been reported in Syria.
Attorney tasni akunjee my family A few weeks ago Raqqa in Syria, stated that he had information about the death.
ITV News reported Thursday on the day of the strike group to the region is the strongest in the country are thought to have died in Russian Air rakka.
The Sultan and his family, he was 17 years old, according to the war-torn country and to flee from Britain died when you plan to return.
Akunjee "this situation, for others it is really risky to go for a headstone as a testament to war zones and emphasize that, and we hope that will discourage people about making that choice."
Two female students from East London and a plane to Turkey the Sultan in February 2015, and then was riding a bus to the Syrian border.
With the warrior's family in Syria, ISID Sultana she's married and a widow within months I was told.
Reid, Clinton's election in the event of the High Court as a candidate for Garland will not give up says
The leader of the Democrats in the Senate, Harry Reid, the Democrats ' presidential candidate if Hillary Clinton is elected president would nominate to the Supreme Court Merrick Garland judge stated that he believed that.
Republicans in the Senate since President Barack Obama nominated itself in the month of March I, Garland was blocking the approval process.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who will take the place of former Supreme Court Justice Antonin scalia stated that they would elect the new president.
Reid, held on Thursday a video of a speech, he believed that Clinton would choose Garland, and "the reason for that.
Later, speaking on behalf of Reid, a spokesman for talk and speculation on whether a candidate Clinton would show that there were direct Garland said.
Garland praised itself, and the Clinton team by making a new selection "stated they do not want to spoil the current situation.
Garland, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of appeals of the state of Columbia.
Reid, Garland, preventing being nominated Republicans, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's "the Stooges" and "the fringe" he said.
Trump is not suitable for the task indicated.
Treats, 'as it is for men as for women' said that he was in a naked calendar
Treats magazine has drawn inspiration from the 1970s for 2017 prepared by Pirelli is working with photographer David bellemer to publish a calendar to.
However, the famous and naked people instead of trying to find the Muse for the new generation of top models nu calendar 2017.
Treats President, Steve Shaw, with a high ratio of nudity at the beginning of this year, this is different from former Playboy magazine "Playboy is for men" continued to say that.
I'm doing it for women.
The calendar is obviously believes that.
Shaw, in a press release about the calendar, "like men, women also can easily look at these images of the female body as a source of inspiration to timeless, classic nudity to exhibit we need to get back," he said.
Women want to be a part of this project because it is a work of beautiful Art.
Send photo models online, or in Los Angeles and New York can participate in open discussions.
Vinyl destination: purchasers of plaque really?
Middle-aged, lonely men vinile loves.
All the lonely, middle-aged men don't under the nickname glorious insults before you go to the comment section in order to make this statement let me say that based on the actual data.
Yougov opinion, too, which is a physical object to the back of the plaque mentioned the innovation of the generation after the y, not the middle-aged is a consequence of nostalgia.
Purchasers of the vinyl album recently, mostly between the ages of 45 and 54.
In fact, the 18-24 age group has the lowest probability.
This also does not stem from the action of the spool just curious; have an emotional significance; older buyers, who likes to keep your feelings to yourself is usually vinyl (56% and 53%) and who enjoys being alone (69% and 66%) persons.
The results of yougov well correct?
In this blog, if it was a televised news camera in a busy street of Soho, in a modest gray suit, walking with my hands and gesture before stopping and after exhibiting many open, they would have let authoritarian say something like this: "well, let's take a look then."
Then, let's take a look.
The center of SoHo and unusual magic slowly lost in the air (once located where the buildings are no longer independent vendors, hotels, Eats, Prets and filled with Paperchaser) is still available in a few specialist record store.
Probably from the camera for the next part I wish I could stop it; some of these stores in the different age and emotional state through the observation of men standing nearby, I would try to get information about.
Sister Ray (count data: two young women, three middle-aged man) Reckless Records (data count: eight middle-aged man, probably a woman in her early 20s) when I go I have followed the Glaswegian Stuart (55), in the afternoon he spends in London for a meeting, and a few hours to fill the empty shops you are browsing.
A collector I'm asking.
"I think so," he says.
I have about 3000 or 4000 the plaque.
The picture located above, this plaque (picture me with an e-mail, I didn't follow him home) adorn the walls of the living room.
The cause of a collection of so many albums and singles, partly as a result of disposable income; no longer young when they first came out and broke the plaque that she can't afford it at the time, you can buy and sell back can take.
"Most of the things I bought in the' 60s ' 70s at the beginning, when I was only 11 or 12 they'll be too young to buy the stuff," he says.
Record who likes to be alone, introverted people that are likely to be those who bought to the idea, agrees, and adds: "I smoke, too much alcohol, too.
My bad I have this habit.
Working on the sister ray (25) from the face of the yougov thinks he fits the profile of most of the customers.
However, affected by the media hype that there has been a new wave of fashion that you need to buy back the oldest records of the person who is coming back also I have noticed.
In negotiations, normally, in 1998 or in 1999, I see people selling off their collections.
Pre-selling CDs vinyls to buy the CD now is selling their customers to retrieve the records," he says.
This can explain the increase of persons of a certain age, which recreates vinili.
What is the significance of the plates alleged emotional?
Like at a store Phonica record store that consists of people with similar personalities, it is a comfort, it takes a few seconds to realize that a community has to offer.
Wez, according to some older customers, especially, contactless payment system resents.
Some vinyl enthusiasts, overwhelmed from the digital world and re-vinyl the stability of calm reminiscent of the memories of youth might want to take refuge in the familiar.
The he says, "Sometimes the reason for this may see it as a kind of comfort or material things fill a void."
Since I am a collector myself and most people I have this too I think.
This is an easy way to fill your head.
A plaque jumps out from the pile, a colleague, "it's like we're social workers," he says.
Vinyl album of the area in the month of April a survey conducted last month by 50% does not listen to the album yet revealed.
The survey at the same time, 41% never used a truck and it is at 7% although it does not have a record player, vinyl to purchase appeared.
News at this stage, probably would exhibit extremely anxious when examining the appearance of a series of bossa nova music.
This return of the "reward" aspect sounds of the universe (census data: three middle-aged man) Johnny running (42) recognisable by an element.
"Recently, someone came up to me and said: "I don't have a record player, but I want to get a Radiohead record to put it on our shelves," he said.
Even though this do not represent a large percentage, certainly reflects the current situation.
More product, less music.
That there are people who say: "I don't have a record player."
It's not that these seniors, teenagers, teens, at the end of this topic to new home builders.
Almost an entire floor devoted to vinyl, which is when I reached fopp now, I see that the audience is quite variable.
70 years old, couples, tourists taking pictures, young boys and middle-aged women.
The atmosphere from the stores mentioned above (the last part to confront the wild beast less) the speakers instead of spreading calm and soothing jazz pop with sex content, although it is good to see the diversity among customers.
None of them, it doesn't look especially alone, but next to someone that's bothering them by staying for longer than 30 seconds to resolve the psychological trauma is difficult.
Eleonora (27), fopp wandering for a few minutes and takes a look at the plaque on sale.
Instead of just went for window shopping to spend.
If you don't have the option of making itself more says he's not a record collection.
Cost a lot.
It is easier to listen to music from the computer or in other ways, but the beauty of vinyl." like someone in love sighing away.
I don't know how to explain it really, there's nothing like it.
My last stop is said to inspire a new generation of vinyl enthusiasts store: urban Outfitters.
As a father and his daughter was examining a pair of jeans while in advance of purchasing a crosley record player Polaroid cameras for a while the debate about a group of young people gathered around a girl I've been seeing.
On the left, Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse, and there is a stairwell that is filled with Fleetwood Mac's records; an average collection sine qua plaques; there is a mix of modern and classic.
No one's looking; maybe these are just for decoration purposes because some people are too high to be touched.
This is purely "an artistic vinyl".
However, for these items the wonder industry will mean that customers can make more money and send less into the depths of Soho; the more subject there is to complain.
More money and time than most who have a demographic group, such as vinyl that would spend more money on luxury items more it's not surprising.
However, my findings of the results of the record Shops in Soho yougov it shows at least; more than, in reality, in the record stores and vinyl collectors or enthusiasts in online forums they don't account for the women.
These people are probably at school or in the Office has been working hard.
These individuals definitely browsing in a record store in Berwick street on Thursday evenings, by examining records and looking over the shoulders of middle aged men who don't know anything 30-year-old fled from the eyes of fake TV he's not having a server.
The Greenland shark, the world's most long-lived vertebrate animal - video-news
The Greenland shark is the one with the longest lifespan among vertebrates on the planet, scientists explained.
Julius Nielsen, who has been working on sharks, and is considered to be between the ages of 512 272 record, stated that a female with a length of five feet, belongs to
The French court, Jungle in the direction of the store in the demolition of the refugee camp rejected the offer
A court in France, the lives of thousands of refugees in dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants to the collapse of the jungle camp in Calais officials rejected the offer.
Seen this week, the court at the hearing, the Calais authorities, many energy drinks to sell products from smoking state of the people in the camp, haircuts, or 50 cents (40p) for tea, or a total of 72 demolished the makeshift store sold basic meals for a few euros that should be argued.
Governor of Calais, created a parallel economy of unpaid tax, and harbor a risk in terms of hygiene this place torn down due to fire and that should be argued.
Charitable groups, shops and restaurants court the vital importance of government-sponsored organizations, and other groups in the camp that this is not sufficient for the growing population of free food offered by explained.
Makeshift shops and restaurants, it is often argued that provided shelter and free food to the needy.
A court in Lille, 72 of the persons who runs the makeshift store that is not a legal basis for the deportation, however, of the governor of Calais, of the concerns "completely understandable" that it was stated.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla, grocery stores, cafes and restaurants to "extremely dangerous conditions" has stated that people who live a much bigger role than just feeding.
Of these areas, refugees, and provide convenient meeting points for volunteers, he said.
One of the places that are in danger of collapse Jungle Book for kids which is a nonprofit Cafe, every day, offers 200 meals a day, he teaches English and French and here, in the camp hundreds of refugees are given advice on underage asylum.
More than 170.000 people have signed the petition to protect this cage for children.
In a letter sent to the Guardian, this shutdown the process "some it will be a disaster for these kids who are eight years old" it was stated.
Two charity, helping refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on the day of Friday, the number increased during the summer after the arrival in the jungle camp with over 9.000 of the population (the highest number to date) out of predicted.
Fiji gold mastery in the class and in the aftermath, Britain contented himself with a silver medal at the Rugby Sevens Championship
Great Britain's impressive progress in the championship 7s Rugby, Fiji on Thursday with the finals in Rio Pico 43-7 defeat at the stadium after it ended.
Fiji, the gold medal in the first Olympic medal of each color to get a grip, pas, side step, support Nov running lines and gave master classes in the force.
After the defeat, the British, too bad non-took his third silver medal of the day as a consolation prize and New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa after defeating Olympic 7s the opening of the tournament can be proud of efforts.
At the beginning of the day, the South African team in the semifinals they beat 7-5 in the final after crushing them, you may have found.
Fiji, which is in the best shape but still, even with a team of 15 people could beat.
Probably not very believable, though at least one would get a gold medal in the British in Great Britain tomorrow may find comfort in the fact that: Fiji head coach, Ryan, is a British Wimbledon.
It's been quite a challenging journey for this Great Britain.
Eight years ago, they lost every match in the championship Sevens in Adelaide working with Ryan.
This time, the only one they lost.
Even though this defeat hurts as shown, the progress is truly astonishing.
Fiji, made a fascinating start, the players, receiving the ball almost ricochet passed through the initiatives of Great Britain.
This is captain Tom Mitchell and his team for a series in a moving bus seemed to run between and World Series Champions, 5-0 to move the colony from the corner of Osea have taken the lead.
In the fourth minute, Jerry Wai tu the right wing was faced with a different curve number.
The match was 12-0 and Great Britain almost hadn't been able to touch the ball more.
Mitchell's great intervention, a third of the mountain he kept throwing nakarawa Leone, but this was only to delay the number of Fiji.
In the seventh minute, scored from right corner of Casa Vermelha and Great Britain fell behind 17-0.
With only a minute left before the end of the first half, made a number of nagasawa coming from the top.
Then Hatemo Ravouvou, the intervention of Great Britain for the issue by passing it through some tough line on I flew.
With this number, the score to 29-0 at halftime was reached.
Fiji 7s to play in the championship when you plug in an established, Great Britain, yet it was like he was trying to learn the basics.
It's more or less the situation.
Big changes made between the circuit of Great Britain, Fiji and the dam closed; four full minutes for that perfect Fiji Tusovka until Joshua was an improvement compared to the first half with the game till he hit the floor.
Dan Norton, Great Britain and the score 36-7 to make an attempt to put the ball in the left corner of the game even though you tried to the fans singing, waving flags and dancing were in the hands of South Sea islanders.
It was joyful from the beginning to the end of Fiji to admire the approach.
Maa Village, Fiji the latest additions on the game in the last minute, without the need to decorate too worshipped.
Great Britain was defeated the way the whistle blows and the celebrations began fijili headed to the locker room.
At the beginning of the day, Fiji, Japan 20-5 in the semifinals, beat Great Britain, too, a tough semi-final match against South Africa came in; with an odd number of Britain moved forward.
Kylie Brown, gets in front of the South African team in the first half, but dan Norton moved forward with dazzling footwork in the second half with the number received.
15 located in the UK's first, Anthony's brother, Marcus Watson's wonderful intervention you're guaranteed victory and a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, coaches taking inspiration from the fight against cancer, ran away with the victory on the shovel
These games gold and this also will be an important in a more emotional meaning.
The first move to the last painful breath from a 220 after Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, Estadio da Lagoa realized that he might be good in much more meaningful when they have the gold.
How two people pulling the oars, though the boat-there are three voices; women in the race this year, double the UK as second consecutive Olympic gold medal in the first women to reach such a level coaches in the process of advancing to the boat echoed in the voice of Robin Williams.
Dominance was quite clear; this is unprecedented for them, the invincibility of the series 39. it was the race.
In this image we see two amazing athletes we elegance Swan floating on the surface doesn't do full justice to the nature of the victory.
Each gold medal rowing in the back of incremental gains, there is this difference, willing to provide a battalion of hands, and no hand, 30 months ago when diagnosed with cancer who won't live long enough to see this day wasn't as effective coaches.
Like he said, they touched, and they're gone.
I got caught types of bladder cancer surgically intervened and did just that.
If you do that, it goes everywhere.
This would be a pretty bad situation.
This changes your perspective on life a bit.
Williams had been diagnosed in December 2013.
Itself, in the Off-season, the 2014 triple lucky because it was at the beginning of treatment can begin, in cases like this it is not known whether this is a true statement, but in this way down will be able to minimize distraction.
I needed therefore I had to pay to heal rapidly.
This, for me, it was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and take a few steps in the garden, although it is enough to say that 6, 9, I was walking up to 15 feet.
In this way began.
It is a journey of its own, but raise it a little more rowing.
After the victory of their minds to overcome their concerns, talking a little more than usual, it was Williams who had a tense morning.
Standing in the Royal artillery captain and the Union previously gone to Afghanistan, "this week I was devastated emotionally, maybe that's a little extreme, but it really means a lot," he said.
This is what this means to me, and Helen, and Robin's once again that emphasizes how.
Helen and I spent three great years with Robin.
Robin is the best coach in the world, therefore we wouldn't be without him because I would like to extend my greatest thanks.
I wouldn't have found a better coach or a better person to work with.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning lost a race in five years.
Binary challenging is the case of its competitors out of the reach of a rhythm has been established.
Even when you close the last 500 feet between New Zealand and Danish teams at the power of Glover and yet Standing was exhausting.
Then we lost ourselves.
Helen 'the process watch and process watch' were calling.
Tide to go is really important.
We made a good start and we weren't trying to do something amazing.
I didn't expect the explosion of fireworks today, just a good paddling we did that we went by so we wanted to win the race.
Binary will give Dec a year before deciding what to do in the future.
I have a wedding to attend next month's Glover; he backshall and television adventurer Steve's wedding.
For now, he just wants to savor this moment.
I didn't say that this is my last race I was in.
This would create too much pressure.
It took six months to realize I was an Olympic champion in London.
This was very new and I was very stressed.
Here, this lasted about four minutes.
It's a feeling that's much better," he said.
Los Angeles Central Library, the stunning architecture of the chance to watch from the front row
Learn about the history of the Central Library in the city centre; Gee and Stephen Arnold Schwartzman the authors of this book of architectural Historians/Southern California join us for the meeting of the region: "Los Angeles Central Library: history of art and architecture" .
Gee, and Bertram Goodhue's 1926 schwartzman's design, as well as the 1993 restoration, and Hardy Holzmann Pfeiffer associates to discuss and share images from the Insert by was planned.
Hall, 3050 Wilshire Boulevard, Art Deco, southwestern Law School (formerly Bullock's Wiltshire) in the Salle moderne, 21 August, 14.00 - 16.00 will be open between the hours of.
Participants central hall, Period Rooms, will be able to visit the tea room and the cactus room.
Tickets must be purchased in advance: Fees SAH/SCC members,$ 15 for non members and$ 25 for.
The open space is going through an industrial transformation with a warm dtla
Los Angeles Central Library 90. what could kutlanab an anniversary book?
Inflation In Bulgaria For The First Time In 8 Months The Values Explained
According to national statistics, The average monthly inflation in the month of June in Bulgaria at the 1% level.
This is the highest value it has seen in many years (since June 2012), although positive in the past year by 0.2% since the month of October to be seen on the first value after the zero value.
The last 12 months by CPI (August 2015 - July 2016) of the average annual inflation measured for the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) compared with 0.8%.
June 2016 July 2016 the consumer price index in %compared to 101,0 was up, so monthly inflation %at a level of 1.0.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 December 2015 with a comparison) the difference -in 0,2%, the difference in the monthly inflation rate between July 2015 and July 2016-0,2%.
By July 2016, compared with the previous month, the consumer price increase was observed in following product groups: food and non-alcoholic beverages (%1,7), transportation (%1,8), recreation and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (by 1.2%), Miscellaneous goods and services (0.3 per cent).
Clothing and footwear (%2,2), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (from 0.5%) and health (0,1 per cent) prices fell in the groups.
Alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communication and education remained at the same level as the prices in groups.
Snapchat, the "anime" effect, was criticized as an Asian Cartoon
Snapchat say that for this filter is inspired by the anime, although some observers, this means that in terms of Racial insensitive.
Snapchat, the lens with the tool every day, 150 million users by level allows you to play with identities changing the reality of the absurd.
A pineapple for yourself, you can convert a character out of a dog or a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
Lenses every day improved over 30 million ozcek reckless Creator, the property modifier tools.
The wrong steps were taken, quickly drilled in the memory of the public.
Snapchat lenses, supports classification of the application in the past or presented as the ideal of beauty for black skin tones beyazlastirilm charges he had faced.
Therefore, this week's offerings, users, slant-eyed, broken-toothed and puffy-cheeked because of the lens that makes some critics of the company who are cartoonish these Asians "the Asian mask" there has been criticism that.
This recurring conflicts indicate a larger problem with the company's diversity and wondered whether.
News and anger, and spread with the news of motherboard the verge on Wednesday, a day after it announced that snapchat removed a feature.
A statement from the company is found in: Lens, Asians not to be cartoonish, was written in homage to the characters in the anime.
However, observers with the experience of racism for this lens reminded me of the stereotypes hurt.
The comparison of other people if it's anime in general refused.
She is of Korean descent, and photos of the tweet you wrote about an American art student Grace Sparapani shared plenty of e-mail of the lens in "painful and disturbing to say the least," was all she said.
"Bad Asian cartoon of the impact of the filter with the side-by-side comparisons that it is difficult to discuss when it comes to added.
This filter mask is the only Asian and not Asian at the same time degrading at a mask level.
Snapchat, cultural is not the only company that exceeds the trigger mechanisms.
American culture, institutions, meeting rooms and all of us from carrying devices in their hands to Hollywood in many areas, it is seen that diversity and inclusiveness is about an endless conflict.
Snapchat and racial diversity are also more extensive than its other counterparts, the younger audience might expect a higher sensitivity can be interpreted as.
In an interview on Thursday, the 25-year-old Katie Zhu, a humiliating image for a user when you create one of the lenses snapchat, "of such a movement are not as noticeable as it used to be the fact that it is much more difficult," he said.
Thursday, on the day of a product manager and engineer that works for the medium, Ms. Zhu decided to delete your snapchat account and everyone in this direction made the call.
In an interview by phone and in writing for medium, race-related conflicts in snapchat stated that he believes reflect the lack of diversity in hiring practices.
Ms. Zhu, the company terminated the majority of the article criticizing his team of white men with a label: #Snapchat.
Ms. Zhu, who is an American of Chinese descent "Or because there is sufficient staff or they can make such decisions between a variety of different races working there and are persons who belong to different ethnic groups, although these people doesn't feel comfortable or safe to talk about themselves strong enough," he said.
Other observers to share their views on snapchat of this complaint is largely left unanswered.
The company, with the status of a private company doesn't share the figures of highlighting the diversity among the staff.
Thursday day, but the staff declined to share the origins of Racial Snapchat, according to a spokesman for the company internally and inclusion efforts focus on underrepresented populations, adequate a short time ago in order to increase responsible for recruitment has recruited.
Ms. Zhu, in its own terms, said he would keep it shut Snapchat account and added, "I wonder whether that needs more users like us who can say that's not true."
Congressional Panel, military officials, Intelligence tampered with that said ISID
In a report to be published on the day of Thursday, a congressional panel, the United States Central Command officials in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic state to draw a more optimistic picture of events on the field of battle falsified the Intelligence reports had reported.
The house Armed Services Committee, the intelligence Committee and Defense appropriation Subcommittee, which consists of a working arm of A dec report by the Republican Chairman of the Central Command of the United forces of the Islamic state assessments among Intelligence analysts who changed a "widespread dissatisfaction" was found.
Also known as Centcom, Central Command, Tampa, Fla., is located in a military headquarters that oversees American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
In a news release about the report contained the following statements: "senior Centcom Intelligence leaders approved by the results of the efforts of the United States is typically more positive than the facts on the ground indicate Terrorism Prevention and other elements of the intelligence community continuously draws a picture offers much more than the analysis of positive results."
Republican representative Ken Calvert from California, "just what happened at CENTCOM is unacceptable; while providing analysis to senior decision makers our troops suffer a bad warrior," he said.
CENTCOM has just reached the top levels of the organization of the leadership failures.
10-page report, America's Central Command is located in the analysis and description of training activities for Iraqi forces, gave the details of the persistent problems in 2014 and 2015.
However, senior Obama administration officials gave the order for the revision of the report is proof positive that although not known as ISID analysts and daes, providing a perspective on the threat of an Islamic state leaders felt more optimistic about pressure from CENTCOM explains that.
The report, "during the first half of 2015, many Central Command press release, Congressional statements more positive statement, and a remarkable amount of actual events" is called.
For example, a CENTCOM official, publicly Mosul as early as April or may 2015 for the retrieval of a large military attack that could be performed in a stated period.
Iraq's second largest city, Mosul still is under control of the Islamic state.
Republican representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas, said in a statement "after months of research it was understood this point quite clearly," he said.
2014 to mid-2015 until the middle of the Central Command of the United States of America's most senior Intelligence leaders, Iraq's intelligence for the commander to be launched in ISID manipulated the results of the threat as insignificant.
Republicans, Intelligence analysts have expressed concerns about the Islamic state that once consisted of a working arm is manipulated.
As investigations continue , on the day of Thursday, the report published much more comprehensive findings will follow.
Another review which is being conducted by the Inspector General of the Department of Defense Centcom intelligence is also available.
The Democratic members of the house Intelligence Committee Thursday on the day of the Republican study some conclusions reached by the arm participating in their findings published.
The Democratic Chairman of the Committee, representative Adam B. Schiff, said in a statement that "between 2014 and 2015, Centcom, the Iraqi security forces in intelligence assessments about fire and extremely narrow-minded has established a process," he said.
Mr. Schiff according to this process an "intelligence has delayed the publication of results," among analysts has led to morale, and "has not given enough room to disagree."
However, Mr. Schiff, and Democrats, the White House Centcom analysts said the results were "predetermined or a political lecture" and they put pressure on the fitting expressed in reaching findings.
On the day of the Congress the preliminary results of review was announced Tuesday by the Daily Beast.
In the month of last August, the New York Times, a Pentagon Inspector General review that is opened after complaints made by analysts, CENTCOM reported the presence of.
Top Patrick Lieutenant commander Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Inspector General's review of the continuing process of the Congress, the Department of Defense has stated that it would not comment on the report.
However, "experts in some cases, can disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and of the Ministry of Defense and the intelligence community supports a healthy dialogue about these important national security issues," he said.
Research in Iraq and Syria American-LED bombing it will echo beyond the issue of whether to continue the operation (this is an argument posed by an authority more defensive with each passing day).
However, last year, accusations, President Obama has Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points, you could count on for honest reviews the question of military operations to Central Command revealed.
Intelligence that is not reflected criticism of the Islamic state, Centcom Intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker, in spite of the protests of President George W. Bush's administration, many analysts advocated that they be maintained in Iraq with a small force, and in 2003 he wrote an article that says that after the occupation began, and didn't think enough at the time for over a decade are discussed.
Mr. Hooker, at the same time on intelligence has played an important role in the rebellion of the Islamic state.
Mr. Hooker of the team last year the authorities, despite their public statements to the contrary, in the possession of the refinery airstrikes against the Islamic state to sell oil on the Black Market since temporary refineries are built, the terrorist group has reached the conclusion that a significant proportion of financial resources did not affect stated.
However, the times noted in the month of September, as this finding it has not spread outside of the Central Command.
Just at that time the commander of CENTCOM, general Lloyd J. Austin III last year, a legislator in the Senate by many seen as a highly positive assessment the description of the war has been subject to criticism for.
Central Command general Austin in the month of April general Joseph L. votel retired and who replaced him in person.
The U.S. women's field hockey team in a row with Britain prepared to encounter 4. Won The Victory
Katie Bang, throwing for three touchdowns in a 6-1 victory against Japan the day after the day on Thursday, the Americans beat India 3-0 in a match where the United States women's hockey team has taken the first two goal.
Bam requires mastery although it may seem like a catchy five goals in two games (27), said before you weren't sure you are doing the same thing.
Itself "I have no idea," he said.
I'm not one of the people who holds the record of the lakes.
Know this: the Americans are 2-0 after beating Japan 4-0 in the Olympic tournament undefeated day Thursday as the path continuing ahead and the British first place in the group shares.
Britain and the United States Saturday for the last game of the first round will face off on the day of.
Both teams you have earned the right to go to the quarter-finals and Mac, six group matches will determine who takimlik the first and second end.
The first group who finished their game, the team, the quarterfinals started when a leader of another group, a strong Dutch team, coming face to face for a slightly longer time.
However, Saturday the day after the match the Americans, coming last out of 12 teams at the London Olympics after showing amazing progress, caused a sensation here.
Bam was on the team.
Blue bell, PA., grew up in the hockey stick from the first time up to 3 years old (big sister of twins Drexel, she seemed to be interested in this sport) and became the team's youngest player at the age of 16 by joining the national team.
He can't get into the last squad for the 2008 Olympics missed.
A lot of things go wrong for his teammates and then himself in 2012, where came.
The next year, a British coach Craig parnha mission I was on and things began to change.
Bam "a cultural change is a mental change, a physical change," he says.
In London now we don't work like that.
The transformation completely we passed.
Thursday night, Bam, the first number of the first half closely received with a reverse kick.
India had a win yet in the tournament, but the team's surprising 1-0 score until the third quarter when he started as a level by showing BAM managed to maintain durability.
From the left of the field with the ball are twisted and threw the ball into the goal and then made a long run and the Americans took the lead 2-0.
Melissa Gonzales scored the final goal by the middle of the fourth quarter.
This victory allows the United States to a lake in the first three goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, was the first game in the tournament where I have not eaten.
The chance opened.
So BAM.
Parnha "now we're in a good place," he said, but this place was how good it depend on the outcome of the game on Saturday.
Stillness In The Middle Of The Trampoline's Olympic Ambitions
Wherever you are, no matter what it is, the Olympics continues.
Competition and events in Rio de Janeiro, it represents an ambitious work, and it cannot be avoided or it will never end.
Itself the the Olympic Torch Relay swimmers, triathletes, gymnasts from there forwarded to a flaming baton.
Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky, Michael Phelps and Chad Le Clos or watch television without hearing something about the conflict between won't read the newspaper, or in a cafe you're unable to listen to what your neighbor says.
And Logan Dooley.
Mr. Dooley who is competing in the Olympics for the first time, sponsorships, and feel-good TV ads preaching wide between a swimmer, a gymnast or a fencer like a heartbeat dimples on the ball, may be one of the names that are shown in prime time hours.
However, in Lake Forest, California Mr. Dooley (28) fighting for gold medal in the Olympics is trampoline.
Every activity doesn't light the Olympic flame at the same level.
Away from the centre, partially in the shadows there are universally unrecognized sports: air rifle shooting, archery, badminton, Taekwondo.
Breaststroke will be with us always, and hope to be for a very long time.
However, if I have to mention my personal favorite, I would like to draw attention to the hidden magic of the trampoline.
Trampoline was introduced as an Olympic event since 2000 at the Sydney games, how is recognized in the 16 years between when I asked although very few people he didn't know was that this was an Olympic sport.
This may be a regional ignorance.
The United States never won a medal and send athletes for competition trampoline 2012 has been a rising contestant for the finals.
Men awards, the Chinese and the Russians, who tended to share the Chinese and the Canadians.
Rosie MacLennan from Canada and Dong Dong from China to their gold medal in London this year he'll be defending their.
However, trampoline, event stands out as almost innocent; this is partly unconscious in the ears, it may be considered instead of the clown college that is worthy of the Olympics.
I have to admit that I'm not the expert here, just I have an interest in the subject.
Funny, there is a potential (leap never terminated created by cartoon-like such as chills), but it's basically together, the two of which reflects the elegance of the sport is gymnastics and diving.
"Trampoline" is the word, the word trampoline comes from the Spanish el; this is "trampoline" is the meaning of.
He jumped almost 30 feet high from the ground, a large trampoline champion candidates before landing on his feet and a series of motion (burkma, pike and salto) are being asked to do.
According to the official Olympic program, execution, difficulty, and "flight time" are evaluated according to.
In Rio from 17 countries and 16 men, 16 women, including thirty-two athletes will compete.
The most common progression is directly next to the Olympics.
Hoping to get a medal, in their quest for gold, in some cases, to the end point, in some cases, also back and forth, up and down with the movement further, faster and get higher.
They're not looking for the wall or the finish line just startup, but also broadcast on television in another tough line; the world set a record or Olympic.
The principal of this ambitious effort, and even enviable at extreme levels; the audience is enough to choke even the tears.
However, this just slightly while watching the games of the features that I find exhausting.
Trampoline, allows you to give all of this A dec.
Trampolines moves upward.
The goal is not moving in the forward direction.
Upward jumps, weightless like an astronaut looking up, down and re-up effortlessly.
Of course, competition is not without difficulty either, but working feverishly to achieve a result for the duration of the routine, away do not disappear, they only like the illusion of time and gravity, the suspension in an elegant manner.
How calm is so serene that you can be an Olympic race.
And then the women's finals will be held at 13.00 on Friday afternoon Eastern Time ranking; men Saturday night 13.
NBC every two days, finals in the afternoon from 14.00 onwards and will release as a block.
In the middle of the Olympic madness, quiet and can be ignored in the general rush they promise a wonderful time.
And consciousness, according to the Wall Street Journal in the United States, male gymnasts and male athlete by providing for just a short while ago as suggested is to increase nesnelestirmek ogle, Mr. Dooley's, we can say that new fans expect.
Long-time U.S. ally, Ethiopia "Protest generation"
Violent Protests In Ethiopia
The protesters who demand political change in Ethiopia, it encountered violent resistance to the government.
Witnesses said that several protesters entered the police says he receives the blows of a deadly weapon in combat.
Ethiopia is about to collapse?
In the past decade, one of Africa's most stable nations with the fastest growing economies and had been a strong ally for the West.
However, in recent months, anti-government protests, shocked the country by spreading to more and more areas every day.
Just last week, with thousands taking to the streets by fundamental political change requested.
According to human rights groups, the government's response was pretty cold.
Witnesses, police officers shot and killed a large number of unarmed demonstrators, he said.
The end of last year or this year thought to be from the start of the protest footage, young people who are forced to stand against a wall put your hands up and whipped by security officials seems to.
The United Nations Human Rights official at the top level, now he wants done a detailed review.
Research Project Director Rashid Abdi of the Somali peninsula, which is a group the International Crisis Group, "keeping this country together has always been difficult and will be more difficult to advance," he said.
Ethiopia is one of the most populous Nations in Africa, after Nigeria and stability are appreciated by the West.
The American military and intelligence services, especially working with Ethiopians in the Somali region to combat terrorist threats in Africa and the West there are very few countries who help so much from conducts.
Ethiopia's economy is growing in an impressive manner.
The engine has been effectively improved; the capital, Addis Ababa are available in New in even a commuter train.
And the streets are generally quiet, safe and clean.
Although exhibited the best example of how democracy in Ethiopia, (the repressive attitude of the government is constantly referring to human rights groups) within the country was quite limited opposition, the opposition were effectively silenced.
Most exiled, imprisoned, killed or banished to the most remote corners of the desert.
However, this situation may be about to change.
Seyoum from Ethiopia who is a University lecturer middle Techhome "People and strangle them from protest offer another option if you do not, hell one of these events," he said.
Youth completely in protest.
A generation in protest.
By land use pressure on the ruling coalition the power of so many present complaints.
Quite in the field of criticism last year after the elections, the ruling party and its allies took the last chair filled out of opponents, and now 100 percent control of Parliament.
At the same time, a war that killed hundreds of people in the month of June, which led to sharp tensions on the border with Eritrea, and the controversial line, which is also on the rise.
Promo analysts Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front separatist groups have disappeared in the turbulence of recent years, such as where, taking advantage of the re-armament he is afraid of.
Hurt feelings that boiled under the surface for many years, explains there are several factors that cause that is now imploding.
First innocent looks: smartphones.
Internet service is provided AS IS and cheap smart phones become more prevalent, it only began a few years ago a large number of Ethiopian to communicate by using social media.
The government, especially in times of protest closes access to facebook and twitter as I often do, even when they could most people communicate through Internet proxy servers that belies their position.
Few protests that gathered in this way to the young Ethiopian said.
Secondly, Ethiopia's two largest ethnic group, has increased the solidarity between hormones and amhara.
Normally amhara promos and ally.
For a very long time, predominantly Christian from the highlands of Ethiopia are Muslim amhara policy and most of them out of business, and porn had been abused in the flat-lands.
However, this situation is changing.
An Oromo leader Mulatu Gemechu "we're moving in the direction of collaborating to gather under one umbrella," he said.
Amhara and oromo regions, the largest protests were seen.
Most of the amhara and Oromo of Ethiopia make up about 6 percent of the population, and the army, the intelligence services, Commerce and politics by members of the dominant ethnic group has been unfairly tigranya Domina thinks that.
The third reason behind the unrest is met, the death of Meles zenawi had been.
The former rebel leader, Mr. Meles in 2012, served as Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until he died from an undisclosed illness.
Everyone gets to see who was thought to be a tactical genius.
Analysts identify the first signs of unrest, and to appease their opponents and especially his to them, says an expert in the deactivation.
Conflict analyst, Mr. Abdi "the current regime do not have this basic information," he said.
I hailemaria Desalegn Ethiopia's new prime minister, was elected to replace Mr. Meles relatively in limbo.
Unlike the tigray region of Northern Ethiopia Meles from Mr. Mr. I just hailemaria the South.
Titrations of analysts controlled that did not win the confidence of the Security Service says.
As a result, more fear and more blood spilled.
Ethiopia's recent experience in such a mess in 2005, after his theft of thousands of people protest after the Government of a sloppy election analysts.
This is less than each of the following measures over the past months, although many protesters have been killed and also the period of confusion that passed relatively quickly.
Development professionals, infrastructure planning and visionary leaders like Ethiopia's new commuter train is praised for significant progress in the fight against poverty.
However, that didn't stop it was obvious that the increase of hatred against the Ethiopian government.
Ethnic and and this is becoming dangerous.
Last month, an Amhara town Gondar protesters Titrations-owned businesses attacked and tigranya shows the increase in social media hatred.
Analysts say the protests he left in a strange state of the United States and other allies in the West, he says.
Drone flights over Somalia for neighbouring Ethiopia, the United States government was using it as a base; however, this base was closed a short time ago I was told.
The fragmentation of an already fragile region in the West support democracy, the Allies clearly he doesn't want to.
Mr. Abdi "this," he said, and added, "it's like walking on a very thin rope."
Donald Trump brought it ISID his allegation that Obama's "Sarcasm," as announced
Donald J. Trump, Friday is the day, and a few times in the past week, insisting that President Obama and Hillary Clinton of the Islamic terrorist group, the "founder" claimed that while the recent campaign to eliminate conflict in the environment, arguing that it was not serious I tried.
In this description, The Republican presidential candidate has raised new questions about the ability to communicate clearly with the American people.
At the same time, in the process of this chaos who do their best to defend their statement that this is not what you are suggesting is appointed in the process of trying to explain it in a weird location stuck.
Mr. Trump, after he was found Wednesday night at a rally on Thursday in this proposition by reinforcing his thesis in an interview on the day of President and Mrs. Clinton worked ISID, really insisted that implied.
However, in his post on Twitter in the early hours of Friday morning, Mr. Trump, that was just a sarcastic statement said.
Post, Mr. Trump is serious about the accusation in an interview with a series of means that it was to completely step back from the day before.
Conservative Radio programmer Hugh Hewitt, Mr. Obama wanted to destroy ISID recalling that this interpretation of Mr. Trump's trying to help her more at ease when Republican presidential candidate, said he didn't believe it.
Mr. Trump in the Polls after a decline last emerged from the chaos while attempting to change the focus of the campaign.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton made speeches about the economy in Michigan this week conflicting.
On the day of Friday, Mr. Trump re-wanted to return to this topic.
Speaking on Twitter again, Mrs. Clinton's proposal would increase taxes, and he himself noted that his speech found boring.
Mr. Trump defenses sarcasm I had used before.
Towards the end of the month of July, the Russians in Mrs. Clinton's e-mails, displaying a view that after encountering huge criticism after the pirate attack and advises that these comments "of course I told that in a sarcastic manner by saying," it explained.
In this approach, Mr. Trump's political speech and allows you to push the limits of where she needs to take a step back.
Subsequent communications expert Ruth Sherman, a language that both candidates "by the supporters of this particular message by testing to see how you react, depending on the reaction, in a way, the "description" that allows you to layout," he said.
But at the same time, these statements when viewed from the different lenses and filter gives uncertain as to knowingly knows that.
Recently after the fall in the Polls, Mr. Trump, instead of soften for the audience the mood of the general election adopted a much more aggressive attitude.
On the day of Friday published a new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll, Mr. Trump, North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado is pretty behind in a tight race in Florida that was present in Mrs. Clinton's showed.
How to say provocative things, although usually Mr. Trump would avoid humor or understand the words of his critics dis nigga to apologize for blaming him.
However, Mr. Trump's subjected to much more scrutiny in the last months of the presidential campaign jokes, reviews, how provocative, although loyal supporters of the public who support him puts you in a difficult position.
Former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, as one of Mr. Trump's most prominent supporters Thursday in an interview with CNN's Day did his best to defend the island.
Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama established by Mr. Trump in the direction of the correctness of the thesis about the Islamic state when asked the question, Mr. Giuliani, I think, is making a legitimate political criticism," he said.
From one perspective, before Obama ISID unknown, a small organization was those who find them cute was completely wrong, and the withdrawal from Iraq was due to soldiers.
Most featured Republican, Mrs. Clinton that the State Department of the Obama administration in coping with the situation in the Middle East that failed to cause it to grow in an aggressive manner and trying to argue that ISID.
The day Friday in advance of meetings to be held in Pennsylvania, Trump via Twitter to accuse the news media of being biased and twist every word against him continues.
Who tried to solve itself "poor, pathetic" television experts scoffed, "they can't do that!" he said.
Some Democrats, mocking her with the excuse that they did not comply with Mr. Trump's presidency, evidence that suggests, he said.
Unable To Deal With A Price Cafes In Greenpoint Us Again
The verb Cafe in Williamsburg, cash only, which is a shabby place that works with Wi-Fi connectivity offer was for 15 years, offering great coffee.
Naturally, the prices at the store on Bedford Avenue was unable to cope with.
In the summer of 2014 in the form of a cupcake soap in place of soap Cherie vari store sells.
Area residents, this is expressed by the recent loss of nezihlestirile was near.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter. "New York is changing, I know that, but still cbgb off store has been cleaned out thoroughly and the Chelsea Hotel And now I can't believe a SOAP of vari."
But New York is a city of reinvention, as in the case of the Exchange.
In the month of November last, in Greenpoint, less than a mile away from its original location in the north renewed a verb Cafe opened.
The new verb cafe is a Wi-Fi connection but some former employees and accept credit cards and keeps you have similar simple air.
The coffee is still good.
New vari at the beginning of the old cafe, long-term employees of the new place is Owner and general manager, Cisco Rodriguez.
It remained so until the end of 2001 and joined vari in itself.
When a customer offered funding to this new place, would be more than thrilled to do said.
Mr. Rodriguez (36), left most things the same.
Verb, using the same model bought from the same distributor for bagels and an espresso machine.
Even the old vari lights used to recreate here.
However, Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to experience a little different.
New materials are added.
Bacon-egg-and-cheese sandwiches with sauteed onions and capers and such materials as is available in the menu are also offered.
Brown-rice bowls.
The Café offers fresh fruit juices, but does not serve beer now.
Nine months later, Mr. Rodriguez, noticed the old regulars coming in a steady way, he said.
"Many old customers also Williamsburg we couldn't cope with the prices," he said.
Last Sunday, on the day of, Rebecca Oliveira was one of these customers also.
Ms. Oliveira (34) lives in Williamsburg and was going often vari.
Moved to Greenpoint this way moving forward even after it has been stopped.
Coffee turns off after verb said he gave over a period of time for the Dec.
"I realized it was a vari of my favorite things coffee and culture," he said.
Started drinking coffee again now, but the other day, a new plugin instead of the usual iced coffee with a mixture of ciya chose.
Another participant, Tom Rosenthal regularly since 2003 went to vari.
Go there before work and always likes to order the same.
"Every day, at a quarter past seven, buttered bagel every day like clockwork I would come in and they'd have my order ready for me," he said.
Mr. Rodriguez has added new items to the menu, photo and you want to make changes, he said.
These days, Mr. Rosenthal bagels to order every day, although sometimes it takes still order the usual bacon, egg and cheese by adding a bit does change.
Mr. Rodriguez, the former said to store the location of the place the soap was not displeased.
In fact, Soap Cherie's owners, offered to make a special soap for using the verb of the cage cold steeped coffee.
Mr. Rodriguez "I guess we can still accept this offer," he said.
This cage adopted a system of traditional Polish and Greenpoint residents.
The menu was translated into the dialect of one of new customers, and Mr. Rodriguez, this menu display will close for new neighbors to feel good about themselves find a field that at the time he said he would.
There are also other advantages to the new location.
A local juice shop, and wants to sell siselemek cold brewed coffee.
There is the possibility of expanding of the cage, spreading to adjacent buildings.
For most customers, where they can find their old favourites a new variable to be available even enough.
Joseph white was upset after he was a regular customer and the place is closed.
When a new place opens, Mr. white said he feels at home and go inside to get some coffee.
"I can smell that it was supposed to do that," he said.
Food of the depressed times of crisis "a square Meal" in the Book of
After sitting in the presidential seat in the month of March of 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
The throat is one which is fond of President Roosevelt, Maryland turtle soup and goose liver pate fancy Fifth Avenue loved their food.
Much more modest that day's menu was: boiled eggs with tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and dried plum pudding for dessert.
Jane Ziegelmann, "it was an act of solidarity with people who have this trouble establishing about food," he said.
His wife, Andrew Cole, added: "this was a message given to Americans about how they should eat at the same time."
The couple, who live in Brooklyn heights, a food historian.
Mr. CoE's latest book "chop suey", it was about Chinese cuisine in America, and Mrs. Ziegelmann "97 Orchard" in his book the lives of slums in the Lower East was telling me over dinner.
The new books that they are working together with, and which will be published Tuesday by Harper day "a square Meal, narrates the history of American food during the Great Depression.
Since the food crisis began in the year 1929 by displaying solidarity with a presence about themselves, located in the Flatiron District, met with a reporter for Eisenberg Sandwich buffet dinner.
Ms. Ziegelmann (54) cream cheese and olive sandwich when ordering, Mr. Core (57), stuffing, mashed potatoes and vegetables chose to put.
Double-click appropriate order reporter's meatloaf for discussion of food found in a period of crisis.
Ms. Ziegelmann "Nuts was very popular," he said.
Nut peanuts, liver loaf, baked beans, nut.
These were made with a material emitting material is a cheap thing.
Enough imagine you eating peanuts for dinner.
Mr. Core, winced.
"Must have been sitting on your tummy like a bullet," he said.
In the years before the crisis, especially in rural areas, it was like a buffet of food in America.
Men and women working on the farm cooking for breakfast, lunch and dinner freshly baked pies were being served.
1. Starving Europeans in World War II, Americans were sending food. "Square Meal", the emergence of a plethora of methods of coping with being the center of the nation explains the history of.
Mr. core and his wife write about this topic, explaining the reason for request, "this has become an issue of Central concern to Americans it was a time when food," he said.
The new budget regime was equally alarming: basic food has become a consumer product, such as nuts and mysterious casseroles, Ms. ziegelman "according to the evaluation of casseroles was a great way of leftovers," a creamy sauce cooks it this way he was able to hide the bottom with a coating of appetite suppressant ingredients.
Took the dried fruits in place of fresh fruit, which is cheaper.
In the center of the American meat dishes over the years, has become a luxury that might be allocated in a frugal manner.
Mixtures were tested for calories and nutritional value taste or the feeling of satisfaction and interesting general understanding crossed in front of the kitchen.
Ms. Ziegelmann, while doing research for the book that contains the recipes, prepared the meal in the oven onion peanut butter filled from that period.
Mr. Core, "at the dinner table loved This, it wasn't a contribution," he said.
This supported Ms. Ziegelmann: "This was surreal."
Peanut butter has nothing in common with onions in the oven.
This was a feature most prominent in the description of home Economics.
Among them, the Federal Bureau of home Economics Louise Stanley, including the responsible for home Economics specialists, between 1923 and 1943, the country's eating habits like never before LED.
By publishing articles in newspapers and magazines to describe women and "efficient" spaghetti creamy carrot and about to be encouraged, such as the struggle slurry conversion yayginlastirdil delicious food.
"Square meal" a feast of historical ladoos.
Let them eat cake attitude of the government, such as President Herbert Hoover's release of hungry appetizing answer to the citizens.
Itself on the one hand, a simple Iowa farmer being praised childhood food to the public, on the other hand, as an intellectual was eating meals become a millionaire.
Mr. Core, "he loved to eat European cuisine, such as fish with cucumber sauce," he said.
Wearing appropriate jackets by cooking dinners, almost entirely gold-plated was eating in a dining room.
Extremely far from the truth.
His wife, Eleanor, though I encourage him about being with his stomach example, President Roosevelt could have fallen into the same error.
According to the book, at the White House with Mrs. Roosevelt's taste who cares nothing about until just now hiring an assistant prepared "food is not the saddest, most dismal dishes prepared in the manner also" began to be offered.
The country re-were on their feet after most of the methods making food in times of crisis has been sidelined.
According to Mrs. ziegelman calories and nutrition-oriented understanding and the way science is applied to cooking continues.
Double, book-writing ziegelman miss mother's eating habits, expressed that they learned a lot - for example, never food in the trash he wasn't.
Mr. Core "is really a waste of food it was starting to scare her," he said.
Ms. Ziegelmann, talked about old memories: "that was really making people sick."
There was a case of doughnuts creamy.
Just after having collected the plates, he and Mr. Core, a dessert that had been prepared in the house took President Roosevelt's Sweet prunes eating lunch.
Ms. Ziegelmann "it's called whipped prunes," he said, and added, most frequently referenced, the number was a cool name to give to this humble recipe.
Whipped cream, prunes, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
He dipped the spoon into everyone's hesitant in a way that a sticky brown slurry.
Surprisingly, wasn't too bad.
Mr. Core took the second and third spoon.
You could be saving your wife like "a little part chopped walnuts would be fine," he said.
Merck hepatitis C Gilead patent in the struggle for the Attorney's fees you will get
According to the decision of U.S. District Judge, Gilead Sciences Inc, drug Maker Merck & Co. Inc. conducted with hepatitis C patent case attorneys ' fees was entitled to receive.
Perjury and other unethical practices, including Merck's U.S. judge has done wrong that after a number of detects, Gilead, the Gilead harvoni achieved great success in the month of June of two remedies for the infringement of the patent Merck compensation and soval was about $ 200 million in Pay was set.
At Thursday's hearing, U.S. District Judge Beth Freeman in the last lab of Gilead is entitled to be reimbursed for the fees that occur during the defense of the case stated.
Merck, more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease can cure, a new generation hepatitis C drugs with Gilead, which is the dominant trying to catch.
Sue Gilead for sofosbuvir by Gilead and Merck suing each other regarding the ownership of the laboratory work of the drug the active ingredient of the claimed rights in 2013, relies on.
U.S.-backed forces, stated that the Islamic state was received from membic of control completely
On Friday, a spokesman for the group, the U.S.-backed forces of the Islamic state fighters in the city near the Turkish border in the north seized control of the city completely menbaa said.
Syrian democratic forces (SDG) is stored the remaining in the city after a group of militants in the separation of the city during the cleanup phase.
The military council is allied with SDG menbaa from Şahan Dervish, Routers, reported that over 2000 militants had released their hostages in the hands of a civilian.
Routers itself "the city is no longer completely under our control, but we are conducting cleanup work," he said.
The Clinton family, and amounted to 34.2 percent paid federal taxes at a rate of 10,75 million dollars in 2015
Hillary Clinton, on the day of Friday, the Democrats ' presidential candidate and his wife earned 10,75 million dollars last year and paid federal taxes at a rate applicable amounted to 34.2 percent by 2015, indicating that unveiled his tax returns.
In 2015, the Clinton Foundation the Clinton family is the most to charities, including $ 1 million contributed approximately 5.3 million dollars in speaking fees former President Bill Clinton and former Foreign Minister, about the time he spent in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Simon & Schuster for the book from Publisher $ 3 million in revenue that had declared.
Clinton his running mate, U.S. Senator Tim kaine of Virginia, his wife, Anne Holton released his tax returns for 10 years.
They paid federal taxes at a rate of 20.3 per cent in 2015.
Attendant Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement the Clinton campaign, "Hillary Clinton and Tim kaine continues to set the standard for financial transparency," he said.
In contrast, their description is Donald Trump hiding behind excuses about his first fake tax promises, and are taking a step back.
Although the law does not require U.S. presidential candidates to publicly present their tax statements it is a tradition.
Trump and his lawyers, a businessman from New York, of the publication of the Declaration of the reason for the decline of an audit conducted by the revenue Administration said.
In connection with the Declaration of the Democratic candidate, Clinton Sams Ref attendant campaign "your turn" he threw your tweet.
On the day of Thursday, Trump's special counsel Michael Cohen said Trump would not allow CNN to publish them until inspections are completed.
In 2012, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans, including criticizing the trump Group, this decline took ownership of the situation, contributions to charities, business deals, including ones with Russia and many other about link stated that is a question mark.
Clinton, on the day of Friday when an online video that shows their description tax senior apply pressure on Republicans Trump have gone over this situation by posting.
Thursday, on the day of this issue in a speech in Michigan the economy is expressed.
Himself, the crowd "for decades, every President to do what he did, refuses to publish his tax returns," he said.
Politico reported that Trump paid no taxes in the 1990s and Friday for almost two years, the New York Times a columnist for the business section of a number of a tax attorney, and accountant still shared their testimony of what the situation could continue like this.
Federal Tax rates, has become an important issue in the presidential election.
In the Clinton years Over $ 1 million will pay tax at a rate of at least 30 percent of those with earnings that billionaire investor Warren buffet, presented a proposal in the name of the rule.
President Obama also supports this proposal.
Last week, Nebraska Clinton at a rally in Omaha, Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway group operating there, and he challenged Donald Trump to provide his tax returns.
Buffet, Trump the IRS's tax collection agency and is undergoing audits it is not the electorate "fear" expressed.
The Clinton campaign in 2007 published the tax statements.
Currently in New York, who was living in chappaqua the Clinton family, has paid on average nearly 32 percent between 2007 and 2014 federal tax and unified tax rate is 40.5 per cent % is reached.
Statement from the Clinton family for the year 2015, unlike most Americans, their income is only $ 100 of the fee indicates that it comes from.
The main investments in low-cost index mutual fund and the Clinton family, dividend and interest income of $ 109.000 have stated.
Kevin prepares Dewbauchee additional news; Regulating Jonathan Oasis
Powder, red Chili, condoms, firecrackers is going to support the conservation of elephants in Tanzania
Environmentalists in Tanzania, elephants are using an unusual method to prevent the ingress of human settlements; they're throwing condoms filled with powdered red pepper.
The method has proven to be effective, and this idea a few years ago who found the Honeyguide Foundation and the US-based the International Union for conservation of nature took the step for introducing it; the villages in northern Tanzania volunteers in their homes, protection of crops and animals without harming their non-violent, four-step method she began to teach about using.
Most people previously was using a spear to defend himself.
Friday, on the day of world elephant day, which is dedicated to the preservation of the animals.
Honeyguide Managing Director, Damian Bell, said in a statement "we have developed a toolkit, since we have seen that in these communities, the attitude has changed; now without damaging the file have more confidence about what he can to keep elephants away from land," he said.
The first two steps and hold the Lantern contains the last file to play the horn.
In cases where this is not possible, "a cloud of red pepper" are being taken to what is called.
Powder to be mixed with the soil, red pepper, a firecracker and put a condom, just in a way that the fuse will be open the end closes.
When burned, opens a condom with the sound of the explosion, into the red pepper and scatter dust into the air.
A breath, is enough to send even the elephants in the opposite direction.
Last resort throwing fireworks into the air, loud, bright explosion that caused a catapult to use.
Jewish filmmaker of the Arabs, "on demand" Phone code that removes slammed Israel on hotel in Berlin - RT News
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin, the Kempinski Hotel Bristol in Berlin, Israel and Arab employee code listing Phone of the customer "demands" caused a sensation in the media after revelations that it suggests.
About the Holocaust, "Shoah" is one of the authors of the documentary, Claude Lanzmann, the Bristol Hotel Kempinski in Berlin wrote an open letter to the German publication phase expressed his outrage at.
Lanzmann, on a previous stay a short time, tried to find Israel on the list of codes provided by the hotel Telephone.
However, the country was not among the states which can be called directly from the room.
In 2016, the new Israeli capital of Germany in Berlin and can be destroyed can be left out how to?
Lanzmann Wrote.
Instead, the Bristol Kempinski, Israel offers you the ability to search through their own call centers.
Filmmaker, for a clarification, the situation was reported to the front desk of the hotel.
Lanzmann received the response "had shocked him," he wrote.
This measure the Secretary of the Hotel "Kempinski-Hotels of a deliberate management decision" that was made with stated.
The underlying cause of this movement, the filmmaker is much more caused me to get angry.
Lanzmann, according to the employee "be deleted and the code Arab Israel most of our guests they wanted to," he said.
According to the süddeutsche Zeitung, Israel's Ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman this situation "a major embarrassment" as he described it.
We have been very surprised and appalled by this situation.
This is a really big shame.
Much bigger to be had in such a hotel chain in Germany and this is a disgrace.
This doesn't need to be explained.
The hotel we have to wait to see the results you need from it," he said authorized.
In the event aroused a huge reaction in the online environment; people described this situation as a scandal.
Some alleged Arab Kempinski Hotel had to bow to the demands of customers.
In another post, the hotel is located near Kurfürstendamm Avenue, where the synagogue (with emphasis on "should be ashamed" the statement said.
According to Der Spiegel, the hotel for this event is "carelessness" and saying that this was the result of lanzmann from "apologizing" to these charges she threw them away quickly.
Süddeutsche Zeitung, one of Kempinski's representatives "Israel should not be included in the speed dial list in the direction of a direct order, it never happened," he said.
They should have added the code and now said.
Police used rubber bullets and pepper spray against student protesters and Brazilian
The government on Thursday to make a demonstration against the reforms that the public education system would have on the day of São Paulo, Brazil, collected in students clashed with the police.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets against protesters.
The problem began when the police tried to disperse the students, police has led to the use of rubber bullets and pepper spray.
Hundreds of students, attended the show to express their displeasure against the plan.
Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo alckmin that according to the proposal, for the purpose of saving 300,000 public school will be closed and fewer than 100 students to other schools will be distributed.
Some of the participants of the protest against was written on the walls of interim President Michel temer.
This latest protest in the country, dismissed the Senate by a vote of the masses in support of the protesters out on the street to President Dilma Rousseff suspended a few days later took place.
Rose to 71 percent of trade between Russia and Iran - RT Business
According to Russia's Ambassador to Iran Levan dzhagaryan, with the removal of sanctions, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran showed the percentage 70,9 percent growth from year to year.
The Ambassador international sanctions applied against Iran are removed, since Russian companies doing business in the country increased at a greater rate of interest stated.
New companies gain access to the market as she prepares to Russian companies is maintaining existing ties with Iran.
Of course, a further increase in trade with Iran is one of the main priorities of our bilateral cooperation," he said Dzhagarya.
2016 in the first five months of the year, the trade turnover between Russia and Iran and 70,9 percent compared with the same period reached $ 856 million increased until 2015, he said.
In particular, Russia's exports to Iran reached $ 697 million increased at a rate of 91.5 percent.
Iran imports from Russia was $ 158 million, an increase of 16 percent.
This increase in trade, machine, tools and weapons were provided with supplies for the floor," said the Ambassador.
Dzhagarya at the same time, waiting for the arrival of Iranian tourists to Russia this year in record numbers.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representative in Iran Iranian travel visa for most of the citizens gave 35,000.
Also, for the first time, the number of tourists who visited Russia was among the first 20 countries to Iran.
That would break the record of Iranian tourists who visited Russia last year, we can say that," he said.
At the same time, relatively little is visiting Iran, Russian; the apostles is a topic that hopes to change.
"The ancient Persian civilization, where it is stored in good condition the monuments of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd cities to be visited personally, I would suggest," he said.
Feto Cash to Izmir - business news
Feto group of Turks detained for providing financial support to Abdullah Kavuk and Chairman of the Management Board Chairman of the Board of Directors of küçükbay interesting details about Ahmet küçükbay group began to emerge.
1 and 2 with the financial resources of the Turks in Izmir feto küçükbay FETO/PCM fetullah gülen, the ringleader of the terrorist organization were sent regularly every month by courier to a lot of money.
The money that is sent through the banks to keep records to gülen is not paid if it was determined that the courier was sent through a member of the organization.
On the other hand, FETO detained as part of the investigation of the coup attempt in Amasya, were shipped to the court, and among them 9 people were arrested including the President of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry merzifon altinay Fatih, 7 people named on the control condition was released.
Pounds to pocket 30 thousand 10-year term
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's "interest download" call the Bank act passed.
First, the Tabernacle, was attended by gyoder real estate and then started a campaign of attack, including banks proposed to have.
The psychological boundaries that are considered housing loan interest rates below 1%, The withdrawal proposal was made by the President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
13 banks, the interest rates on housing loans below 1% pulled.
It was the banks who started the Mania discount.
With monthly interest rates ranging from 1.29 to 1.12 percent previously on the basis of the final arrangement with the 10-year term will pay less interest housing loans consumer between 15 to 30 billion.
PREFERENCE FROM 5 TO 10 YEARS
But how much advantage will bring interest rate cuts on home loans?
A person who uses a 10-year term loan of 100 thousand pounds, a thousand pounds 30 from a decline in interest rates will be an advantage.
Housing loans term 5-10 years the vast majority of those who use the payment plan is choosing.
Interest rates are expected to fall further in the coming days.
Interest will have a positive impact on discount sales.
Home sales in 2015, an increase of 10.6 percent compared to the previous year, 1 million 289 thousand.
The reduction is expected to exceed 1.5 million this year in the interest of sales.
GYODER President Aziz Torun: annual percentage 9% should be reduced below
Go to the interest rates of public banks is an important step.
Heed the call of our president and interest rates lowered.
However, this annual percentage rate is down to 9.I want
It's discounted if if the process continues, we are also planning to extend the campaign a few months when we start monthly interest 0.70.
The group care for the story lamb Lamb: our campaign may take 3 months
This initiative is bringing vitality to our economy as it limits us a month in the direction of our banks to join this historic campaign period be extended for at least 3-4 more months that can be raised.
However, interest on the loan needs to come down below 9 per cent on an annual basis.
This is only the real market will have on the housing sector and historically unprecedented solidarity and positive psychology, with the purchase of housing for citizens in every sector make the sacrifice of it's gratifying to see.
YKB Adnan Polat, Polat holding: the Bank expect the full support of
Nice to go with his call on our President to the banks of the interest deduction, it's a step.
In addition, in all sectors, there are some steps that have been taken for the revival of the economy.
NGO campaigns, all steps in this direction and the decision of the Central Bank for the country...
All the banks need to take one of.
Come to them, and you join me in this campaign with us, walk the same path together, hand in hand give life to what we call the economy.
Sabanci 5.5 billion investment in 1.5 years
Sabancı holding, its net profit in the first 6 months of this year compared to the same period of last year increased 11 percent to 353 million pounds and 1 billion, sales reached USD 166 million with a 22 per cent rise 17 billion.
Sabancı holding CEO Zafer Kurtul of the year to 1.8 billion in the first six months of 2015 to date made an investment of approximately 5.5 billion pounds, they reported.
Get rid of, "as a country we have successfully passed a challenging period in the last period."
"After that, it is time to no longer work and produce more for our country," he said.
The ferry from Kabatas to enjoy during a 2-year break
Istanbul Metropolitan municipality (IMM), conducted by the "stone square arrangement, with the renovation of the transfer center due to the construction of the pier, the ferry landing, was closed to traffic nearly two decades of marine kabataş.
Kabataş on the shore of the sea, will integrate a modern rail and road transport will be held in the transfer center.
Taking place under traffic, a continuous pedestrian flow along the coast will be provided.
Tram and Funicular systems will continue to work for a while.
Citizens Taksim, Eminonu, Besiktas, in order to provide access to the area, shuttles will be launched.
Interest fell, rose house
I texted friends with the manager of a public Bank.
It's always the same thing.
Interest are falling, home prices are rising.
Interest is rising, house prices are falling.
"See, it happened again," he says.
Personal loans for business related to the sensations described.
Organized by emlak konut interest rate 0.70 boosted prices in many housing projects of the contractors who started the campaign says.
Thought I'd see if there is truth.
There is no shortage of the situation, and nothing more sex...
In the meantime my mind a week later, the 15 July coup attempt Fetullahci of the terrorist organization participating in the summit organized by the construction contractor came in our conversation with our newspaper.
The boss of a large firm...
I won't name, from the contractors "is actually a 10 percent hike in the prices we need to do" when you heard the words "Blow opportunism?" I've deyivermis.
Housing real estate after the coup attempt-LED campaign for a maturity of 120 months with interest and 0.70 builders a big sales campaign.
I agree, put it under the first stone from the banks, the risk assumed.
But now, we are acting to cut rate in the spirit of unity and togetherness in Turkey.
1-month campaign backed by banks interest downloading.
Do you a raise then no one opportunism.
Who among you warning.
President Erdogan, and Ali agreed to coach Omar, Coach
President Recep Tayyip erdoğan, ömer Mehmet koç koç holding Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ford otosan Chairman Ali koç holding Board Chairman and Deputy, agreed to coach with.
Erdogan held closed to the press at the presidential complex acceptance took about 40 minutes.
A call from brsa: banks that report
The banking regulation and Supervision Agency (brsa) President Mehmet Ali Akben, President Erdogan lending for the banks "recall" made a statement regarding the warning.
Akben, "the banks to resume lending due to the condition of the market, if we don't allow that definitely is doing with different motives and opportunism."
Us with such complaints and information to the people who, 'in the Company name of the Bank and giving some of the brsa complaint line in the application.
President Tayyip Erdogan said in a statement yesterday, banks warned in the following words: "I say to you, interest rates have fallen, credit facilities extended both in front of both our banks and investors will open a new era in our country."
To refuse to grant credit at this time in our country, let alone the banks themselves with flimsy excuses is a set that calls back loans I would like to announce that pure.
Money earned from this business annual percentage interest rates the banks in the period 7-8.
More than 500 thousand Russian tourists are expected
Professional hotel Managers Association (POYD) President Ali held in Istanbul Expo 2016 Antalya exhibition area prior to the coup attempt on 15 July at a meeting of Turkey-Russia relations into a positive direction, from Russia to Antalya scheduled flights indicated that there has been a revival in tourism and the beginning of certain.
The talks between Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin of Commerce between the two countries, expressing kızıldağ stimulated by tourism sector such as industries, tourism and Agriculture, Food, textiles all sectors of construction that I expect will be in terms of very positive developments."
Turkey and Russia are the two countries very close to each other, based on year-traditional relationships.
"The leaders of the two countries in the sectors we are also very open if we make rapid progress toward goals closed a moment ago and I think we can go away". , he said.
If not for the coup attempt in Turkey that it expects to exceed 1 million the number of Russian tourists voicing Kızıldağ, said:
But we lost a month of the period we call the high season, therefore it comes to shrink the target.
If we think that exceeds 500 thousand starts are still charter flights.
A season may be prolonged until the end of October or mid-November.
In such a case, the New Year towards additional flights can accommodate.
This positive mood will be assessed by the Russian people very well, I'm guessing.
They also have a longing for Turkey.
With this momentum, hopefully, I thought we'd have maybe 700 thousand.
Who kızıldağ stated that they are hopeful to 2017 in terms of the Russian market, as well as relations between the two countries if the Russian economy recovers, the number of Russian tourists next year again, you can go to more than 3 million, he says.
The public health indicates the beginning of the reservation of the removal of the ban permission small domestic PYD President Kızıldağ, "turns again cancelled bookings, new bookings were also taken."
"We have a hopeful expectation about the Feast of Sacrifice". , he said.
Kızıldağ, Iran tour travel agency by ticket sales in the coup attempt after the lifting of the ban also noted that this was a very positive development, "from Iran to 1.2 would be great if we could get 100 to 200 thousand people in 2 months". , he said.
The renewal of the existing loan?
First, meet with the loan provider the Bank of interest to learn how affect the conditions of your new loan.
The loan early closure fee (per cent of the fee that is generally used is 1.5-2%), together with the cost of using cash in your bank a new loan with lower interest rates.
If you're still advantageous if you include all costs when low-interest loans, you can apply for.
Don't heed the lion's breath!
Last champion Besiktas, Galatasaray and the struggle for the new season by winning the Super Bowl to play with morale also aims to.
All plans builds upon the winning coach senol gunes, in his discussions with his students, "fast-paced and aggressive we have to play."
"High passing percentage and I expect you to control the ball for 90 minutes," he said.
At first reluctant to ride the pitch the players who took training to the sauce Adriano and quaresma were undecided about senol gunes was learned.
The experienced coach tried to ensure necip made in the week in practice, but plays back Adriano at left back Tosic will serve.
Ricardo Quaresma with a choice between kerim frei after a long break, which will be the sun also said to his disciples, standing built to run the ball.
Tolga will make blast - sporting news
The President of Galatasaray, let alone Özbek, Galatasaray held the previous evening at dinner sponsoring of the nave and also answered the questions of media representatives an annual fee of the transfer gave support to the expatriate who is the subject of debate Tolga cigerci football.
NOT TO TALK TO THE PLAYERS
Uzbek football team, let alone who's in a position much better than last year, "this isn't mine, football players on the field, we need to talk," he said, And he added: "I can't say anything."
The teams I want to see you say it 2-3 weeks, then I would say our Championship chances.
I'm waiting for the explosion from tom.
Tom's stance, you are going to explode this year in physics we will see, everyone is going to admire.
Galatasaray Chairman Mehmet Topal touch in the transfer period with the club, but pointed out that they were going to kick in and in the case of the deal said: "We we did not mean to overload so that he may multiply the price of our competition."
Mehmet Topal gentleman, he's a master athlete.
If you disagree with the club we would like to transfer to Galatasaray.
THE BANK LOANS WILL BE OVER WITH RIVA
TT Arena stating that they will soon start the construction of the Uzbek side of the hall, "we wanted to make a hall of 13 thousand."
However, our President, 'a hall with 15 thousand seats do,' he said.
We changed the project.
Riva in debt with the money from their bank.
MAY US
Taking the Cup in Turkey last season to play tomorrow against Besiktas in the Super Cup closes with the team that Galatasaray President said he believed would reveal the quality, let alone Uzbek, yellow-red Club at the Claim put forward with the slogan in a sentence.
"May we," said the Uzbek President, said that he believes Galatasaray will be champion again after a year.
Removed the prohibition of displacement
Clubs Association Foundation in its last meeting, scored a historic decision.
The agenda of the July 15 coup attempt at that meeting, a consensus was reached in favour of the abolition of the prohibition of displacement.
Between the 4 adults in match play at the new season Besiktas-bursaspor match will be able to take their places in the stands the fans of the visiting team.
The President of the foundation, celestial Gumusdag, "July 15, the continuation of the displacement that occurs after the removal of prohibitions for the purpose of unity and solidarity we have decided."
"This, we believe that democracy is much more important after 15 July sehitleri of unity and togetherness," he said.
On the other hand, the clubs at the foundation of the Union of the result of the vote of the current board indicated that it would continue the mission.
The President of Galatasaray sports club, let alone if Uzbek was elected to the presidency divan.
Unlike previous meetings, pointed out that the flag on the table that are not part of the club.
In order to emphasize the unity of Turkey is equipped with Turkish flags table.
"WE WILL CLEAN UP YOUR OWN BACKYARD"
A vicious attack against the indivisible integrity of Turkey in the face of those who tried to the great Turkish nation that he had found the President of the Union of clubs, Celestial Gumusdag, "we can't afford to underestimate the occurrence of FETO."
"Football as a family, we necessarily we have to get together and clean up our own backyard," he said.
Gumusdag, "15 July Cup, an organization under the name of democracy do you think?" she asked, "especially with the general opinion of your friends about the name of the Turkey Cup."
"This offer we will share with the TFF," he said.
Target 25 thousand combined
Trabzonspor will compete in the new stadium for the new season.
Counting the days to move to muharrem Usta, Chairman of akyazı bordomavili through social media, combined with his survey of the prices determined.
Combined with the form in the new season aiming to sell 25 thousand 100 thousand Bordeaux-blueness, the combination is expected to show the intense interest of the fans coming up for sale.
President, Master, "the target more than 25 thousand and 100 thousand in combined form."
The goal behind the survey with their answers and east/west of the grandstand in the prices deal.
Good get lucky.
"Now the ball is in your court," he said.
Bordeaux-blue club on the new season of " combined rates were determined in the following manner: "the goal behind the lower-the upper grandstand of the combined price of £ 350, 750 TL Eastern and Western turbines are upset".
The value of 150 pounds in the combined areas of the new season of Jersey given as a gift to students to be 30 percent, 50 percent discount in the combined area of the second combination have been announced.
SOUTH KOREAN SUK OFFICIALLY ANNOUNCED
Trabzonspor, the South Korean Suk and Hyung Joong had to agree on everything.
Rented for 750 thousand euro to Porto for a year the temporary transfer of the player from the club fee will be paid.
The player is also a guarantee fee of 1 million euros per year will be given.
The option to purchase the player at 15 million euros was set.
Budget-books fired with
F. garden, throwing the first two annual signature at the end of year 11 June 2015 Pereira sent.
The club's President Aziz Yildirim and the Board of Directors held a meeting, including the financial affairs Coordinator at Tamer shearwater.
The economic aspects of the event were discussed at the meeting.
In accordance with the agreement with UEFA annual loss"that acts to keep a level-sensitive help we received from the hands of the lightning on financial matters.
Pereira's representatives have made contact with.
It had been announced that it will be decommissioned.
2-2.AGREED TO 5 MILLION EUROS
The financial issues cannot be solved where there are still some points that for this reason, it was stated that the official announcement will be made today or tomorrow.
The official description of Pereira and his team came to the last because there is no team practice.
The total cost of this operation it was around 4 euros.
F. but below a figure that would provide for the termination of a deal the garden the price stated.
F. garden, a figure of 2 to 2.5 million euros to the fee paid in advance if Pereira will finish the job.
Pereira: it won't if the salary will be paid on a monthly basis.
Reach an agreement with a team in the event, this payment will be cut off.
Yes finally a great revolution and Fenerbahce fans went to Pereira was signed.
In the war with Victor Pereira, Caner Erkin, a martyr Luis Nani are given.
Robin van Persie is slightly injured, were rescued.
Vitor Pereira be full off, I will, and I think it'd be worse it goes with our management.
The joy of staying in my craw.
Pereira gone Fenerbahce Champions.
Victor Pereira suitcase with 3-5-2 you can go up.
18 Pereira Kadikoy gone.
Serdar Cakir was dismissed
Turkey Football Federation (tff) referee Serdar çakır observer reported that the top of the classification was dismissed.
Currently, the referee who worked at the Olympic Games in Rio, the FIFA referees cuneyt cakir Serdar çakır who is the father of We last year, sparked controversy in the induction community referee...
Recently under FETO in Turkish Football Federation central arbitration Committee (RC), delegates and observers of Arbitration the Board and the Committee was re-established.
Van Persie icon from the smiley face
Pereira of the claim that was put forward were dismissed the minute Robin van Persie Dutch star, own a share of Facebook from his account suggestive.
Robin van Persie Fenerbahce, himself included, who share the photos from practice, Put a smile icon with a soccer ball in a row.
This sharing, "Pereira for the course is happy" has been interpreted as.
In the history of the first independent gold hand-deehani
The Rio 2016 Olympics in double trap shooting the first branch in the category Fehaid al-Dehhani, brought its first gold medal athletes in the history of independent games.
Double trap Olympic shooting competitions the medals in the category at the center were distributed.
Country Kuwait independent Olympic athletes participating in the games with the team's punishment because of the 49-year-old al-Dehhani, Double trap category in the final of the Italian Marco Innocenti encountered.
Your opponent 26-24 Score of the last al-Dehhani became the first independent team to win a gold medal in the Olympics with the athletes.
I opened a door to veiled women
2016 at the Rio Olympics in women's beach volleyball as a veiled Egyptian Doaa who are fighting Elghobashy, "Bikini with the players I have respect for my opponents headscarf," he said.
Settled in the West in recent years about the religion of Islam stating that elghobashy wants to break the perception that, "I haven't had any problems with the hijab in the Olympics."
Here athletes are struggling with their skills.
I'm getting positive messages through social media from many countries from the Islamic world.
Especially women 'us to encourage you, we're proud of you' they say.
I opened a door for women in headscarves."
The foreign athletes came near it sometimes, why the dress they are wearing off relays that 20-year-old Egypt Elghobashy, "listen to them, understand when I tell you my requirement going out dressed like that," he said.
Kazakh wedding date you wrote
One of the biggest surprises in the history of swimming took place yesterday morning Balandin Dmitriy sweater with a victory.
200-meter butterfly swimmers in the U.S. shown as Favorites of Honeymoon, did 2 split second victory in 46 minutes and 7 seconds reached.
First swimming medal in history of Kazakhstan, and gold brings taking Balandin 2:07.53% American Josh prenot with a degree, 2:07.70% chupov was followed by Russian with a degree.
Sun: be at the forefront of friendship
Besiktas coach senol gunes, the Super Cup match coincides with the anniversary of Solomon's death seba that will be very meaningful to the community because wish when specifying a gentlemanly fight.
Experienced coach, "friendship, Brotherhood in the stands these days more than ever we need not just on the field, too, it is my firm belief that friendship will be at the forefront," he said.
The ringleader FETO gülen's assets were confiscated
Adana Public Prosecutor of the Terror-Technical Investigation by the Bureau and organised crime FETO/PCM that belong to the individuals and organizations in connection with real estate development made in the irregular manner in the plan to increase the amount of the value of the change that is exorbitant by providing FETO/PCM prepared to provide financing a terrorist organization, the indictment said, about 17 suspects Adana 2. The heavy penal court in suit was filed.
The # 1 defendant, fetullah gulen 'don't attempt to abolish the constitutional order' on charges at the trial court the defendants who escaped with Smiley Omer Ekinci, Cemal and Kemal Elibal Result, took the decision to arrest, capture.
However, by this time the fugitive is not caught, and the 4 who come to hearings for the defendant, the court decided that the operation would be made illegal.
Adana 2. Criminal Court on top of that, for the purpose of ensuring that the rights of the case remains inconclusive because they couldn't make them in a foreign country and for this reason fetullah gulen, who was in a runaway situation, Omar Ekinci, Cemal and Kemal Elibal we have the result set returned "the Code of Criminal Procedure (cmk), in accordance 278/1" all assets seized to be decided.
This decision of the court in Turkey accused escaped with immovable property belonging to land, sea and air vehicles, all kinds of rights and receivables, commercial paper, shares of the company where the partner is located, and had frozen the bank accounts are safe.
Huseyin Gulerce: 3 feet linked to the gülen collapse crash
Huseyin Gulerce interprets the coup attempt of feto found striking comments.
Explanations of the carriage Hussein gulerce follows:
They attempt a coup as it passed from my mind for the last 5-6 months of my writing about this "you can try, but they can't in the chain of command," he wrote.
I didn't know two things; the first on this scale to be widespread and profound, for example, the 8-year-old adjutant general commander of the gendarmerie and the President's aide.
Mr. President, the people who are struggling the most, who knows how choosing the aide noticed them, but the most important feature of unprecedented privacy.
Such a hypocrite.
"This is not a job A retired preacher can do FETO, such as the statement" one of the most important evidence of such a deep Caliper.
Cla is definitely the support it receives.
The CIA tried it's hand too early to the party.
Mahmut Ovur in the house in 1971 and fetullah gulen says vehbi koç 2014 fuat doğu was discussed.
Most of the people of that era who deals with these things as myth and is the closest of relations between the period when the CIA says.
Armed forces personnel paid the wages of us in the U.S., after remembering them, so one man got out.
When we are learning how to do this, 2014.
Mahmut Brain after this post, the explanation is not to refute it.
For example, the Fair Orphan, he was caught on?
Who is this wondering if.
The man 2 times in the last 25 days before the coup, went to Pennsylvania, returned 2 days ago.
Orphan fair since 2002 109 times gone abroad.
When you bring all these things together, I need to investigate that; right now, all of those who fled fetullah gulen was in the United States, March since 1999, which ones they went to the United States with an excuse, that need to be investigated.
It will be seen that, on one occasion, they went to Pennsylvania.
But the principal contacts with the CLA can be found here; especially for safety that need to be upgraded for the safety of the people that are a lot of people it was sent to the United States.
There is in the WikiLeaks documents; joint meetings of this association and association with the CIA is doing a smiley lets.
About this there has been studies to show connections with the CIA she is legally 15 years ago.
I said Fuat Avni is an intelligence pool in Pennsylvania 2 years ago.
The guy who worked as Prime Minister Fuat avniye the works.
But too bad; this information at the CIA as he fell to Pennsylvania fell.
Gülen is not linked to the collapse of the collapse of the three pillars; one is what we call floor, friends, the Rings consisted of, thoroughly are the ones in deep hypnosis, this movie is even still say that Erdogan's coup attempt.
As I was saying, three foot, a base support.
Questions, burglary, and the right to Ash to overcome this, the base rattled a lot of support.
The other two legs; political support, international support.
International support is still available.
The only thing that will break with the political support of the tape that was taken by the MHP administrator Baikal feto documented.
July 15, after "FETO"Yu Mr. kılıçdaroğlu, too he's using, everybody's eyes opened.
Smiley is such a poser "I'm not around is my doing," he says.
Next to me says, "Hey, Hussein Bey, this girl is very different from the students they're dreams, they're sending me, it's not correct because the dream I had no longer forbidden to practice with".
Recording sound to record sound in a speaker that had fallen on the Barbaros Kocakurt: the Prophet's dream teacher my friends tweets, fold it in half.
1 policeman was killed in nusaybin
According to information received, the police patrol by terrorists who where in the neighbourhood of Saladin armored vehicles, long barreled weapons opened fire.
That opens first a policeman was killed in the fire, a police officer was injured.
In the shootout the cops to respond on two terrorists has been neutralized.
The injured police, on the other hand, was removed to the State Hospital.
In the region the operation is in progress.
The coup held off TV broadcasts stopped
The prevention of a coup attempt on the night of 15th July, which has an important share in private television channels to broadcast thanks to the technical staff who heroically resisted the coup in türksat continued.
Akkaya hero that I...
During the reading of the Declaration on TRT, the discontinuation of the publication of the psychology of resistance with instructions entered into expressing that you are Akkaya, "opened fire from a helicopter, was a martyr of my friends thinking that I was willing to do whatever it took."
They put a gun to my head and asked to stop broadcasts.
Local TV just turned off.
Saying that we should go to a satellite dish then I had to get away from the building.
Spent about 20 minutes in the section where the antennas are located.
"Again I cut some cables here, but I didn't touch publications," he said.
The Milky Way when he couldn't pull the plug on the coup türksat TV's brought in specialists.
This was arrested by officers from the terrorists on the scene 3 minutes ago.
When they returned to the building about 1 hour after the coup, understands that continuing TV broadcasts over the phone from them, and at that moment when you're facing death, indicating Akkaya, explained that they live:
That night, 8 hours in the evening shift took over.
That he was entrusted to us.
E-Government and a friend for the electricity System Guard.
We met for tea we like by making low passes above us 21.00 hours at the time the helicopters passed.
There were quiet a few low flying aircraft the helicopter around again.
We saw the lights.
The image was probably an unmanned aerial vehicle that can receive.
They were flying in front of the helicopter.
I'll be there for 11 years, I saw close-up flight for the first time I called to the guardhouse.
Then a movement began.
When you are looking at the news, we learned that the bridge was closed.
Our General Manager at that time, security in on time that non-friends to come into the building he had ordered.
TRT broadcasts all packets are dropped when you go to the guardhouse for information that we learned.
TRT broadcasts interrupted for 5 minutes.
I called the main controller but couldn't get through TRT.
Our Station broadcasts on TRT came back and started to control said read the papers.
Our Assistant General Halil Yesilcimen, with the instructions of the General Manager demanded the " immediate cessation of TRT's national broadcasts.
TRT 3 broadcast channels for broadcast in order to cut off a wide we started to work.
Just the Prime Minister binali Yildirim 'don't you have a saying,' we heard.
Our manager 'TRT stop' put in order us the psychology of some resistance.
TRT the cut, after a while we heard the sound of the helicopter.
We went outside, the helicopter fired down to the guardhouse everywhere, everyone were scattered to one side.
Ran into a building at the rear.
We were 12 people in total.
Soldiers descending from a helicopter we came back to the past.
Our soldiers captured a few friends.
We also leave them alone to emerge.
At that time they caught us and I saw the Assistant General cokturduk the knee.
They were the soldiers talking among themselves.
'Up one hit, beware' one said.
Then they made all of us sit inside.
Commanders 'who's in charge here and I won't ask again,' shouted.
'One hit' when he heard talk of style, we thought: we don't have news from home, but an instruction came to us, 'stop TRT'.
There is a resistance means.
In that moment I felt like I was giving up my own life.
'Me,' I said.
I stood not knowing what to do at that moment.
All I can think about at that moment, was that my friends from the helicopter opened fire on the guardhouse.
10-15 guardhouse and friend was killed I thought 'they're going to kill us eventually' collapsed on me in relief when I think.
Commander in the beginning 'you're going to cut off all transmissions except TRT,' he said.
The monitor when you leave the system partition that we have local channels on satellite.
One local Channel broadcast from 80 to 200 we're going to the room in question.
To this room came to my mind.
Among them had no national broadcast.
If I tell you that I cut them and lost all of them, at least until that time with no outside help or income support reaches.
Or go on and on I said.
We had come to accept that we couldn't us out of there eventually.
'I'll cut all right,' I said.
I cut the antenna of one of the output of the local channel package.
I cut the power button to the monitor that you could watch national channels.
Thus, we would write the entire screen in no signal.
I told him I needed to go to the antenna to be completely cut.
The commander sent two soldiers with me to the antenna.
Antenna the room I opened one of the soldiers 'stay there,' he said.
The gun put it to my forehead.
'You're going to cut all of them except for the TRT, no one you won't, I'm going to hit one of you eventually, that'll be you,' he said.
She conveniently no longer in my life to be so much "" all you'll see will be frozen when you go,' I said, I didn't say anything else.
We entered the station, loitering Local Publications.
We have switched to the other antenna.
At that time, close to 20 national system that corresponds to the channel have occurred.
Cut approximately 20 local channels when the monitor to no avail.
The Lord helped us, and we had tied them both foresight and their difficulty when you answer.
We provide the answers they believed.
He didn't fight they didn't.
For us this is a relief.
The transformer replace the antenna after I left they asked.
'I don't know, I'm a TV broadcaster is,' I said, 'Do you have an electrician among you' he asked.
'In the evening after work, no electrician if you have problems, come to the team,' I said.
At that time there was actually an electrician.
I remembered I didn't stop broadcasts from Cyprus.
I was thinking of cutting them to keep the troops entertained.
Because they think of publications that is cut a bit chilled out.
Couldn't think to look to publications.
Now the group went to wait in.
After about an hour in the waiting room when I open the TV and saw a news broadcast.
He went inside, the soldier.
"Commander, cut a news release,' he said.
We met the commander's eyes.
'Stand up,' he said.
I stood up.
At that moment a soldier 'there are ongoing transmissions,' he said.
'There are channels broadcasting in Cyprus,' he said.
'They are being broadcast over Cyprus, we can't do anything to them,' I said.
"Then after you correspond with someone, walk up to us all," he said.
The coup Türksat van they're in.
It is the military that he was carrying me to the bathroom in the seat of the Van that I saw from the photos that were executed.
3 times, shot, shot through the forehead and cheeks.
My friends also confirmed that it was the same Soldier.
Us soldiers with 'son' they were called.
Probably was doing his military service.
To get rid of it can be executed.
Turksat golbasi police team came first, I never Akkaya, according to testimony.
Helicopters and around police teams, law enforcement officers returned to the county when it was scanned and went to pick up ammunition.
40 minutes later they came back.
Turksat police he didn't see anyone in the guardhouse when they arrived outer.
Just 3-4 minutes from the cops after you so called experts that are sent from the Milky Way akkaya TV about coming into the building, "police teams 'they invited us inside, Turksat staffed by staff, we need access to emergency,' they said."
"When asked the identity of the police, he frantically phones and they held all four of 'we got caught," he reported," he said.
After dağkapı spirit Yenikapi
The AK Party in the region, with citizens of "heart bridges" to build businessmen, artists, athletes and opinion leaders with a broad Delegation, including at the beginning of the month of September in Diyarbakir, van and Mardin will remove it.
AK Party, FETO/ democracy after the Junta's bloody coup pdy chest that occurs with the shift to "Yenikapi"the Spirit is preparing to move to Diyarbakir.
The Feast of sacrifice to be performed in Eastern and southeastern Anatolia regions to help a campaign, the CHP and the MHP provincial presidents will also be invited.
The people of the region "the state and the nation is with you" message, which the AK Party will give to the poor and the needy.
At the last meeting of the AK Party FMC Complacency in the month of Ramadan performed for the first time the bridge project was discussed.
In the region affected by terrorism, needy families, the positive results of the evaluation of the project especially for young people and children in the meeting of the heart of the bridge, it was decided that the Feast of the sacrifice be continued.
Deputy Chairman, non-governmental public relations under the chairmanship of Chairman Mehmet Müezzinoğlu began to study.
Accordingly, il 12 in the East and Southeast, Diyarbakir, Mardin and Van will be collected.
Central Eid accepted in these 3 cities will be made prior to the meeting.
Activities businessman, artist, athlete, and will be joined by opinion leaders.
The organization of work and the help of these meetings will be discussed.
The help of famous names of the Delegations of the Feast of Sacrifice, will lead to citizens personally.
Teens and children holiday allowance will be given for school needs school opened after the holidays will also be resolved in this manner.
The sacrificial meat will be distributed to needy.
After July 15th, the AK Party, CHP and MHP between an air of national unity against the coup, will be reflected in this project.
The provincial organizations involved in the project and the heads of the CHP and the MHP 12 will be invited.
3 The Parties together to undertake relief activities will be provided.
Yenikapi is not considered invited as HDP activities.
Orphan fair"s Father-in-law spoke
Shown as the number 1 Maker fair July 15 coup attempt feto Piper's father-in-law along with mother-in-law detained had been referred to court.
Father-in-law Cevat şimşek and mother-in-law, Hatice Simsek, they were an overseas travel ban on condition of judicial control by the court and was released.
Speaking of Justice at the exit Cevat Yildirim, he urged them to surrender to the groom said: "I'm with the government."
Fuck the lot of the coup.
I know, I known for 18 years are orphans fair I don't actually know.
Orphan fair because I don't have a groom.
I Want This man caught a moment ago.
In this way, they can live neither in Turkey nor in the world to live.
Come and you can't trust Turkish justice.
If it was a mistake will be punished.
The run gives us the willies.
To the police it's a shame, it's a shame to the state.
20-25 days for the police, don't bother with anything else.
They do not want Syria to return to Turkey, Yildirim said, "we need to work not to blow Us."
We don't want to be like Turkey and Syria go.
I had a neighbor like Turkey and Syria.
You have a president like Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
"What do we do in our business, our coup." , he said.
On the other hand, Akyazı Motorway crossing tolls displayed at 03.00 hours on July 19 last JUL Orphan, 'SECRET' tool plate Akyazı Father-in-law's house disappeared after leaving the garage.
Operation College FETO: 30 detention
Fetullahci a terrorist organization as part of an ongoing investigation relating to the structuring of the University in Izmir this morning pushed the button for the operation.
Performed at Izmir katip çelebi University Izmir branch by the Directorate of financial crime in the operation of the decision about the detention, given the suspect 40 members of the University at 30%, was detained.
Izmir public prosecutor's office detained in the operations that are performed on the instructions of professors among the names is equipped with.
The names of those detained, the financial crimes division to the query is received.
Other names the search continues.
The Prosecutor detained tried to commit suicide
According to information received, the county police department teams, asked the authorities to take him into custody under investigation, Prosecutor Ahmet fisne viransehir.
On top of that Got claimed that they would commit suicide by sticking his gun per.
Got to the courthouse from his wife and persuaded by his colleagues and he decided not to commit suicide.
Got detained, was taken to the district police headquarters.
Smoking ban in park areas and sports
Oiler Bilecik Mayor Selim, Sheikh edebali culture and Congress Center at the signing ceremony, the Park City Council, by Resolution, sports and playgrounds smoking article at the point of adding a regulation in the police, he said.
Oiler, new generations of managers of all the relevant public institution in terms of the future come together in order to sign the Protocol, recalling the Protocol to be beneficial wished to children and young people.
Provincial health Director Yasin Yilmaz Protocol aimed to keep young people away from bad habits and smoking cessation for people with were reported.
After the speeches, the mayor Oiler Şeyh Edebali University Rector Prof. Dr. Abraham Stone, the Director stopped the virtue of provincial education, provincial health Director Yilmaz, provincial public health Director Omar Balci, kadir serkan keskin, bilecik Association of public hospitals Vice President, Deputy Secretary-General, Crescent and temperance savran protocol was signed Feb.
He saw the Ergenekon conspiracy, FETO killed
Ankara public prosecutor's Office in 2009, "committed suicide" in the mysterious death of behçet Oktay, the head of special operations closed the file, explores the role of feto.
Oktay and Oktay remaining in the same housing with Hezbollah a terrorist organization without dying 6 days ago a suspect in police Intelligence Ramazan akyürek, the former head of the Department, who he played under a fake name, is the Prime suspect in the investigation.
Some of the ammunition seized as part of the Ergenekon investigation by a team from the Office of special operations and the police force was buried in feto stolen, determined that it is claimed that he was killed Oktay.
Shot February 25, 2009 in Ankara in the beginning of the period of behçet Oktay, the head of the Department's Special Operations death "suicide," the statement said.
However, in the event there were many question marks.
Family and family lawyer reveals his legal battle as a result of the evidence after 2 years by this time and opened a murder investigation.
Left-handed Oktay, who is said to have shot himself, the pistol was in his right hand.
Also, rib fractures and bruises on her body the bones were there.
If that is the case on the investigation of the murder was opened in the month of May, 2012.
In the murder case only, while the common Cutter and GSR on the hands is located next Halil tried.
Cutter was acquitted in the trial.
A letter to the Prosecutor's office and in prison for another crime, Oktay's death Nurhan Leader, who was involved in the crime "and take on obstruction of the judicial authorities" for the crime of was sentenced to 6 months imprisonment.
THOSE PROSECUTORS SORUSTURULS
Meanwhile, the incident "suicide," said Prosecutor Huseyin Yalcin when I retired, the Supreme Court properly conducting the murder investigation and Mustafa was promoted.
The family attorney Prosecutor Nihat Oktay Yildirim also wants to be investigated with an autopsy.
Behçet Oktay, sule Oktay Oktay decent Family with sister and brother attorneys made several requests in the litigation process.
Halil Oktay who weren't able to kill the blade of specially trained family asked that the investigation be extended to alone.
Who said that the event was covered the top of the family, prosecutors Hussein Mustafa yalçın behçet Oktay and properly file with the police officers who demanded that they be prosecuted to identify and dismiss as suicide.
Rejected all the demands of the family when a member of Hezbollah a terrorist organization died 6 days ago by Oktay "Right Abdurrahman" appeared to have rested under a fake name.
To listen to Ramazan Akyürek, head of the police Intelligence Department were made in that era.
Behçet Oktay, the file on this development re-the Ankara chief Public Prosecutor, murder Fetullahci a terrorist organization (FETO) began to examine the finger.
Oktay illegal in the Ankara heavy penal court on 19 September with the rest of the lawsuit will begin.
BEHIND IT, OF COURSE, HAVE FETO
Oktay is hopeful of the present investigation interviewed his family executed in the morning.
Family members previously made during the investigation and trial in the murder covered up, says the ostensible feto finger.
Sister Şule Oktay, "This murder actually came visibly."
We detect.
My brother was killed before 'eat me,' he said.
'Who,' I said.
The feto me then pointed out.
I was thinking that will be dismissed.
I didn't think of death.
Behind this, Of course FETO.
"At that time the management was in their hands," he said.
Martyred the youth's family called, and attended prayers
Dec bouts of democracy President Recep Tayyip Erdogan issued in the last Watch of the previous night, in the garden of the presidential Complex after that cater to the citizens, the AK Party Sinop Deputy Nazim Mavis, through ömer açikgöz martyr of democracy College bell called his family.
01.30 a.m. the phone praying for her son at night in the order they are Canny Fahrettin dad stating that, "Mr. President, I attended with our blessing."
"I told him that the health of our country and of themselves is important to us," he said.
'YOUR HEALTH IS IMPORTANT TO US'
President Erdoğan addressed to the citizens earlier in the evening in front of the presidential complex.
Erdogan, after his speech ending in the middle of the night, some citizens in complex with met.
Walking together, holding the hands of an elderly aunt who came to watch democracy and Tayyip Erdogan, chatted with individual citizens, the kids thanked the citizens for the sacrifices you are interested in.
Later Erdogan, the AK Party Sinop Deputy ömer fahrettin fly bell fly through 15 July martyr's father Nazim Mavis's called.
In front of the presidential Complex, a student at tobb University Faculty of law who was shot, 21-year-old Omar Bell's father, fahrettin Açıkgöz, 01.30 hours in the house at night praying for the martyrs and the Son of President Erdoğan called and said, "when we said a special prayer for our president attended with the blessing of my son."
The health of our country is very important to us and I told him that of themselves.
"We're very pleased to call on the phone and pray for our president," he said.
FETO's pyramid of
Feto Maker 26, was arrested in urla, Izmir.
Among those arrested within the organization in accordance with the statements of victims "a usurper" is so threatening to terminate your subscription and bully those who wish salvation hepyalc time newspaper known as the Regent.
20 of the butler feto himmetci sister was arrested.
In Bursa, a former police chief Ali Osman kahya, including 24 people were referred to court.
DR. IMAM ARRESTED
The doctor in charge of the Imam in Edirne, Aydin tunbel of the organization was arrested.
Professor at Pamukkale University of Denizli, 14 30, at the University of Alanya, alaaddin keykubat 19, 2 karabük University academic, Maker feto Boat in Rize Colonel Hilmi was detained.
8 2 judges and prosecutors in Diyarbakir Deputy Governor, Governor 2 was detained.
One of the judges reported that the process was held in the courtroom of the detention.
Şener, Deputy Governor of Batman in Ages suspended.
Decommissioned police 2 chief of police in the Istanbul police department 465 were arrested.
51 in Konya, Kayseri, 14, 14, Malatya, Siirt province of Adana 10 with the police, Imam, S. Naim was arrested.
The people who shot the traitor, she was protecting the PKK
For more than forty years of relentless struggle to end the PKK terror Turkey, why cannot the leaders in this struggle has surfaced.
Militants infiltrated Turkey's institutions FETO critical four tying the hands of Turkey worked for.
In the current situation, the murder of Hrant Dink, the uludere incident, the lowering of critical events such as the Russian plane behind feto seriously doubt that it is, and the evidence began to emerge.
TRAITOR'S RAISED RECORD
The coup attempt and assassination during raids on 15 July President Tayyip erdoğan gökhan şahin feto hotels in Marmaris governing the operation of the record Maker sonmezates Brigadier General appeared to be rather large.
Air operations against the PKK terrorists to declare previously sonmezates aircraft on takeoff were determined.
Gökhan sonmezates the intelligence agencies in a survey of his record were raised.
DEFENDED TERRORISTS
In addition to being leaked intelligence on PKK, Turkish warplanes hit targets exactly didn't also the issue that came up.
The leader of the PKK terrorist organization, on the staff of mit on the outskirts of the point that gave the lamp of intelligence, were alleged to have been averted by shooting the targets sonmezates dominated by Jennifer.
By changing coordinates, to destroy the leadership of the PKK fighter planes in the air, hit the ground on the side of targets, the terror Group's leaders were so out of it.
In intelligence analysis, both targets, both in the diversion of F-16S rising PKK terrorists to escape from where they were to play a key role in sonmezates appeared.
Opens the file for 37 thousand officers
Fetullah gülen feto members terrorists after it had been sprayed with the coup attempt's instructions, started the process of restructuring the Turkish armed forces and the Ministry of national defence.
Especially the introduction of questions to Military School FETO stolen by the military that was sent from school by students who are not members of the organization when it became clear yildirila, a thorough cleaning process is started.
While approximately 37 thousand thousand with the issuance of 287 recent officers officers generals and admirals is back from 39 cleaning done for officers will be held.
This is especially for promotions to the rank of lieutenant colonel in the squad will be frozen.
A thorough investigation will be completed before promotion.
File 37 thousand officers began to be opened individually.
FETO will be issued to Military Members with a fussy study.
The duties of officers who will continue to have a relationship with FETO.
The struggle would continue until chain is clear from the army last feto indicated that while the promotion is next on the agenda but also of the officers after the investigation.
The investigation at MIT, while the Supervisory Board is running with security intelligence and state.
Opened the file under investigation of the officers, civilians or military finishing school you rank, if they receive their promotions, work places, and the commanders is being investigated.
Even with a meticulous study on FETO whether they are also a member of the order will be investigated.
Officers who have no connection with the process of FETO is not adversely affected to ensure that all necessary measures will be taken.
If you were in the slightest doubt, that officer is immediately suspended and will be referred to the judiciary.
FETO connection is identified, information about them will be disconnected immediately in the document and dismissed from their army.
During all these processes promotions when they returned, the review extension will be.
The necessary measures will be taken to avoid spaces in the squad after issuance.
FETO callipers, TSK if they want a security investigation and forcibly retired those who are thrown out of positions and equivalent circuit the same personal rights with your friends after and will be able to return to their occupations.
2 OFFICERS WERE EXPORTED 133 THOUSAND
The number of staff of the General Staff of the Turkish armed forces announced on 1 July 39 to 287 thousand as an officer.
Lieutenant, first Lieutenant, captain, major, lieutenant colonel and Colonel of the majority of the officer class 32 289 thousand personnel in land, air and was an officer in the Marine Corps.
However, on July 27 the first wave in the issuance of 726%, black Air 314, 59% 99 thousand officers from duty in the Navy to be thrown.
On July 31 the Decree also 125% Black, 909% from 304 thousand officers was dismissed from his job for the gendarmerie general command with the TSK.
Pehlivanoğlu: Turkes"poisoned FETO
Its founder and First President of MHP, alparslan türkeş, a retired Superintendent of his guards Tahsin Pehlivanoğlu, Turke was killed by poisoning and that are made in collaboration with anybody in my family has suggested that feto.
From 1977, until 1997 Turke Pehlivanoğlu with every moment, "I haven't told anyone until now, but watching the image of the soldier that got parts from the same pump muhsin yazicioglu helicopter military coup and the President I had the occasion to talk after seeing the inside of seconded to kill us," he said.
Here protection Turke said:
We went to Germany in 1997.
Führer 3 days before arrival check-ups we did.
Check up the 33-year-old Dr. Fikret Burdurlu, "18-year-old you're young."
"Nothing," he said.
For some reason the doctor died of a heart attack 1 month later.
We're back to Ankara on April 3.
Başbuğ I went to Amasya.
They went back and they called me a couple of awards at Ankara Hilton.
After April Alparslan Turkes driver "on the rear window open," he says.
Cam't unfreeze alive.
I opened the window, and of a sudden ... there is a voice.
First Cankaya cardiac massage at the Medical Center, they made electro, but it was over.
Bayındır Medical Center we took together, but it was too late.
I think anybody in my family poisoned in Amasya.
Turkes autopsy was not done.
Ex-wife Seval Turkes, my discomfort and my words go out and that will be heard "Turkes killed" have made statements as defensive or something.
Human conquer-i kabir, which makes makes it grave.
They passed on calling a heart attack.
Again turke tomb should be opened.
Alparslan turkes was murdered?
Were arrested in Pennsylvania when she took gold!
FETO in Izmir/pdy weighing in at under 1.5 pounds in operations for the structuring of businessmen has, during shipment to Pennsylvania was confiscated.
The operations in the workplace more unique in searches to Pennsylvania was found 30 pounds of gold waiting to be kidnapped.
Workplace businessman Mehmet Eldem Eldem jewelry located in 3 people arrested and detained in the wake of gold prepared to be sent to Pennsylvania was sent to prison.
Also organized within the framework of the investigation conducted in Izmir in Turkey Mustafa businessmen detained in the operation of pre-selected and Selected Rasul was arrested.
Izmir provincial security Directorate of financial crime branch teams in the western Mediterranean in the Aegean and the sting on July 29, the Federation of Industry and businessmen (ESIDEF) President Mustafa with Turkey for transit of oil and batinak tour. Tic. Ltd. Ltd.'s (BALPET) owners Ezel selected and Chosen Rasul had him in custody.
While trying to flee Kyrgyzstan, Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport apprehended at ozkara esidef President of the Board of Trustees Osman is the Son of fetullah gulen's first robust and ozkara feto was determined to be one of the most prominent names in Turkey's Aegean region.
Feto detained on allegations of providing financial resources to other businessmen they have chosen to Ezel Rasul 5 where the station was and fuel was reported.
1 hour Grand Theft Auto 3 gas station robbed
The event occurred last night at the Eagle.
The vehicle that two suspects on the side of the road before Eagle usurp from a gas station then 300 meters away, another gas station, and then again on the side of the road to another station with a gun robbed.
After the robbery, the last Eagle Alarm, the police have the suspects in a short time to detect, capture and launched an operation.
C. s police suspects. U. A. and took the track vehicle.
Eagle begins to run down from the square from the direction of the tools they use, suspects that, meanwhile, the police fired.
The pedestrian situation, the ongoing chase after one of the suspects was caught by the short hairs on the boulevard of sovereignty.
C. In accordance with the information received from ş police, the second suspect in a short time caught it.
The Public Security Bureau arrested the suspects in the aftermath of operation eagle and was sent to prison.
On the other hand, masked robbery were recorded by cameras.
The gas station's security cameras reflected in the images of the suspect entering into the first gas station after doing reconnaissance, taking their weapons and wearing masks outside in the car, going back to the store.
The market is experiencing a struggle between the suspect first employees to enter the market.
Grocery workers went on strike who went out with the suspect, wearing a mask with a gun in the other person's head and then the next comes in.
Employees after disarming the suspect who pulled the gun, taking 200 pounds to 6 thousand in the vault are fleeing.
The top 3 stations in searches of the suspects made about 15 thousand pounds from the usurp, usurp a concealed weapon and again the vehicle that was seized.
The 7.2 magnitude earthquake in the Pacific Ocean
The center of the U.S. Geological Survey (USGs), the epicenter 109 miles east of the island of New Caledonia at a depth of 10 kilometers recorded earthquake at the sea bed that had been announced.
That does not result in loss of life and property after the earthquake a tsunami alert was canceled shortly after.
"Pacific ring of fire" earthquake zone located in Vanuatu often earthquakes occur.
The prayer was unaware of the blow of martyrdom
The Bosphorus Bridge, who were killed on the night of 15th July at 38-year-old bell near the tough, fortitude protects.
His wife, Fatma Can not yet that's the news from her husband when the coup attempt that night, "performed in the month of shawwal, the martyrdom of prayer"in a conversation, you've learned it at home, on the prayer of martyrdom, he made this prayer for himself, and told me that they had advised to make.
Watching news on Television the evening after the prayer and Fatma who learned in the coup attempt, he stated:
Prepared and we went together.
When we went to the bridge, there were people there who had been waiting.
The bridge enters the tank fired on US 2 times.
We we took cover, and then we continued walking with the tank gone.
There was a point where the big bus stops on the bridge.
It was very crowded there.
We stopped there for a while and waited.
What do you do when I wouldn't have thought we'd move forward.
Çetin also he asked me to pass in the next lane.
I'm guessing when I get in the next lane sniper, was shot and there we are an open target.
Tough used to attend prayers in 4 hours from that prayer and was martyred.
Didn't know anything about the coup.
The wisdom of Allah...
Allah Allah is the field.
If I die before my wife, to my grave plant a fruit tree," he said.
This wish by planting the plum tree his grave is performed.
Fatma Bell, President erdoğan pointed out that they are for you to visit also owes a debt of gratitude, "God bless you", he said.
Skull and bone fragments found in excavation plumbing!
According to information obtained, çankaya districts of Ankara in Cambodia at 20.00 hours in the school Street and New Street, at the intersection the track beside the train, Business Machines, there were pieces of bone from the ground during his work for laying the electrical wiring.
Upon this, the employees reported it to the police and neighbourhood residents.
On the scene police teams were referred to in turn.
3 Piece skull and bone fragments during the operation of the machine work, the police crime scene investigation teams, news.
Following the work of crime scene investigation teams, forensic medicine institution, was taken to bone fragments placed in bags.
Neighborhood residents, sending fragments of bone are removed where found in an old cemetery in the 1960s, were squatters on the cemetery, then claimed the destruction of the slums.
About the incident initiated a review.
It may take up to 4 months return of Rita's killer
In Istanbul, Izmit 34 days after he disappeared after German Millet found in ponds hairdresser Rita Winkler (39) after 4 months in Germany, captured the suspect's boyfriend, said it may take up to 4 months to return to Turkey.
Winkler, March 3 Thursday day boyfriend, Ali Kemal, S. (46) came to Turkey to meet with.
After meeting with S. Ali Kemal Istanbul Pendik on Wednesday morning while waiting for March 9 to return to Germany went missing.
The family as a result of research conducted by the Istanbul police department on a missing persons report doubts her boyfriend who is married Winkler, S. Ali Kemal centered on.
Screens on April 13 atv Müge bittersweet Forehead with the program, Ali Kemal S., brother, Hussein, S., a report of work in digging ponds owned and had in the place.
Call at work and on a search operation was performed.
Winkler's body was found embedded in the floor of the workplace.
Brother Ali Kemal issuing contradictory statements about the murder and helping to evaluated safe S., Hussein, S., (42) was arrested.
The suspect, Winkler's body after the discovery of Ali Kemal in Germany where S. lived with disappeared.
Hamm Attorney General, S. Ali Kemal sought by Interpol in 190 countries, and was caught walking down the street has reported that the police is unable to resist.
The German Prosecutor where the suspect is hiding, they can't identify yet so far, Turkey announced that he had found the return process to 4 months.
The chain feto 15th July putschists, on the night of the Raider base to the mosque for the mosque of ham that is read from the silence next to the fire they appeared.
In the morning, which is the assault on the Raider base to the nearest Mosque, the mosque imam of the mosque of Tai Tai with images of "Saints" in the name of his complaint reached during its expression.
According to the information received, the coup, the Sunday after starting to read in the mosque, about 50 meters from a distance of a target to aim at directly at the speaker began.
Cheers to one of the bullets hit the edge of the speaker 4.
Given the raft from the central system when the speaker missed the coup until the end of the Read.
According to the report, the imam of the mosque with the intention of killing the crime scene knocked on the door and walked inside the coup, who came in with his boots.
Sugar also the imam of the mosque Mustafa in expression "I have no complaints I personally injured, but even that can fire to the mosque, and most of the criminals who killed the people of the accident, I want them to be punished severely," he said.
Drugs killed young people in the festival
5 people felt unwell and was hospitalised in sarıyer Istanbul Youth Festival held last week at the 2% lost their lives.
According to information received, on 6 August the participants of a festival of youth held in bahcekoy 5% felt unwell and was taken to the hospital.
Brigade treated Adult (19) and Gokhan Alatas (19) died.
Treatment of 3 people takes.
The police, who suggested that they sell drugs to young people participating in the festival of 5 people were detained.
The safety procedures, and then the suspects were arrested that were shipped to the courthouse from 3 to 5 of them 2 was released pending trial.
Research continues on the cause of death of young people.
In the district of balıkesir burhaniye, camping and also to pitch a tent on the beach 6 young people who use drugs in two collapsed.
Removed to the hospital, B. D., and G. C. died.
The other 4 statements for the treatment to be taken in the aftermath of the young was taken to the security Directorate.
Set off a bomb in front of his estranged wife's house
In Bursa, a 41-year-old M. Y., who is approximately 8-9 months ago because of irreconcilable differences with his wife left the house, and doing it in front of the house is rented with their own efforts to increase the power of the blow by filling out the nails with a ball in a handmade bomb was detonated.
Yesterday in the evening hours due to the explosion, the citizens fear and panic while the mechanisms dispersed the ball to break the windows of many houses in the environment caused nails and pieces of.
Anti-terrorism teams who fled after the incident and has launched a study to catch M. y mentioned that are unemployed.
Neighborhood residents due to the pressures of the woman's husband left the house about a month ago and was settled into the shelter stated that.
Explosion in prison in the Philippines: 10 dead
A spokeswoman for the Office of senior inspector of prison management and technology and Xavier Left two Chinese nationals in Manila paranaque in prison 10 prisoners had died in an explosion, the cause as yet undetermined, he said.
He was seriously injured in the explosion on the left is a guard who stated, "the first reviews we've confirmed that an explosion inside."
"Research continues on the cause of the explosion". , he said.
The prisoners before the event, send them to another building to speak with the keeper when left for stating that it would examine the reports, was investigating whether the explosion was part of an escape attempt, investigators said.
Police officer Jose carumba, in a statement to the local press, after hearing the sound of the guard's gun, shot the prisoners, had reported that a grenade exploded in the vicinity.
Curumba, the authorities, the prisoners shot the prison guard who was investigated for how they put the weapons noted.
In Thailand explosions
The blast, which occurred in 4 cities in the south of Thailand, in which 3 people lost their lives.
Officials, Trang, Hua Hin, Surat Thani and Phuket in 3 people in the explosion, 35 people were wounded, including tourists, he said.
Piyapan Phungmuang police spokesman, explained at a press conference that is not associated with the terror of the bombing.
Phungmuang, "Thailand's regional or anyone is not a religious problem."
"We think this is an act of internal sabotage," he said.
Junta leader Prayut can-January in a statement to reporters, said he didn't want to comment about who was behind the blasts.
Jan, "tranquility, peace and confidence we need to focus on providing," he said.
On August 17 of last year, the capital Rajprasong Erawan Bangkok's commercial center near the temple of the 20 people killed and 120 were injured in a grenade attack on.
"The sleeping Tyrant" will be executed by lethal injection
At least 10 murders in the United States for many years, who was arrested in "Grim Sleeper" (the sleeping Tyrant), nicknamed the 63-year-old Lonnie David Franklin was given the death penalty.
Old cleaning worker, Franklin, murders target prostitutes and drug addicts.
Judge Franklin judge Kathleen Kennedy, addressing the subject, "you have committed crimes like those that I've seen so many monstrous and cruel in my life," he said.
Franklin stated that one of the most bloodthirsty killers in California history.
Deliberately kill a person convicted for the attempted murder of 10 people and it was learned that Franklin will be executed by lethal injection.
FETO in Macedonia"countermeasure
The Minister of state furkan cako, Macedonia, the countries of the extension in the legal aspects of the investigation required to uncover and feto to the step they had taken, he said.
Of the organization in Macedonia at the same time, reminding the world of media and business activities in the Minister Cako, "all of this is known to the public."
Here the Turks, doesn't give schools their children no longer FETO.
We also no longer have to send their children here to be calling for our people.
"Before, benefiting from the hospitality of the people and attention, this structure is well known by the public," he said.
Sky meteor shower will be the scene of
Researcher, tubitak National Observatory and Department of astronomy and space Sciences, Istanbul University Faculty Assoc. Dr. Hasan Esenoglu, AA correspondent, 12 August Friday 13 August Saturday called the perseids the night of the day that will reach the highest level of said.
With the impact of the rays of the sun and the shot of thousands of components, "swift - tuttle" comet and the perseid meteor shower occurs this indicates that esenoglu named break away from this situation that would become a visual Feast of the natural was passed.
Esenoglu, perseid Meteor for the first time in 1862, discovered again in the 1990s began to be seen in the world since said.
I could watch rain in the months of July and August perseid Meteor voicing Esenoglu, "such a visual spectacle we watched from outer space, and we need to deal with."
Ultimately, this natural visual feast.
"The universe will contribute to get to know better". , he said.
They'll throw white light when it is red hot when it's cold
Esenoglu, it's a meteorite the size of a lentil in rain some of the debris fall to the earth pointing to the fact that, he continued:
Perseid Celsius temperatures can go up to 2 thousand.
And friction in the atmosphere because of warming, the French natural when the environment is cold, red when it's hot, they produce white light.
Meteor science international Meteor organization from the internet site to make a contribution by writing how many are shown.
This data is collected from all parts of the world for the value of information it carries.
Can be watched all night
Reminding of the rain that is moving at approximately 60 miles per second Esenoglu meteorite in the sky, Northeast in the direction of this visual Feast of places with little light throughout the entire night that could be monitored are expressed in a good way.
Transfers that occurred more than 100 years of rain Esenoglu meteorite, perseid meteor shower Gemini meteor shower December 4-17 noted that after the was a phenomenon worth watching.
Less educated, ex-footballer Erdogan
Disrupts this balance, the less-educated ex-footballer with the Islamists led by Recep Tayyip Erdogan, which was to a large extent a religious populist entrepreneur, more than a thousand schools, dozens of fetullah gulen from the University of Texas to Tashkent Quran was the winning Alliance and Institute of Education of highly educated followers.
Above, in the past week in foreign policy, the translation of the sentence in the article.
Erdogan, who are university graduates, less educated and former football player; it was described as a entrepreneur who graduated from primary school, horizon-wide gulen, gulen's followers, has been praised in the western press openly of this and similar articles are taking place frequently.
Then on the other hand, "why Turkey is the United States and/or opposition to the West is rising?" - themed articles 'Erdogan...' he began sentences that they're trying to offer an explanation.
In Turkey, anti-West, Erdogan nevzuhur the period of Turkey's history that was unaware of analysts who see it as a situation it is possible to imagine.
In fact, according to statistics, in the first decade of the Erdogan era in Turkey, or the lack of opposition to the West remains can be read as a period average.
In this decade, the European Union and good relations with the United States in synchronize format was maintained.
Erdogan's 'one-minute have criticized Israel, the massacres of the Assad regime in Syria on the outbreak of the civil war was the result of the EU's clear policy to show it is unable to leave the refugee crisis in Turkey and for some figures, such as European Parliament President Schulz of "We are not dealing with Erdogan" - shaped ustenci attitude in Britain at that time, erdoğan and the mayor of London, opening up a swearing contest, now the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the occurrence of the expression of imagined ugliness inside with a poem wins, in Turkey and the PKK from Syria from entering the country when a suicide bomber slaughtered dozens of our citizens, the Syrian arm of the PKK opened an office in Europe with exhibitions by YPG need the glorification Syria YPG soldiers who served in the U.S. wear uniforms crest, Brett visits of the Special Representative in charge of combating daes mcgurk YPG special finding that the YPG is not a threat to Turkey like all the intelligence and logistical support to opposition groups persistently when left alone YPG shifting, on the other hand, an underestimation of the struggle with Turkey's daes Mosul and Baghdad and even support us as it is in unity with our number of reducing pressure from the administration, and so there may be many reasons.
Come on, we lost people we 247 the result of a bloody coup while our supposed ally, the EU countries and the failure of the coup until proven absence from the United States our democracy is no support for Kerry's first speech about 'peace and stability in Turkey' they expect to be built, democracy and the elected government having no accent and not forget.
Well, Charlie hebdo in Paris 11 where the employee was killed, he joined the protest of many leaders from around the world including Turkey, but the tanks were killed 247 people who resist for Democracy even though it has been a month since a coup attempt in Turkey 'Allied' not forgotten how to be a president of any Western country?
Several times in a year to incoming Presidents or a senior representative of the refugee situation, sent lower-level representatives to send what do we say?
In case the glass is broken, the daily Hurriyet, the Ambassador of EU and us go to visit to get all the past, bombed, that is not a solidarity visit to the Turkish Grand National Assembly, however, How do we evaluate?
When there is a coup in Egypt by sending the EU's senior representative within the first two weeks of the coup, the leader shook hands with the fog, Kerry's visit to post-coup 'democracy is being rebuilt by saying,' if it is remembered that the management promotes the blow, the resistance of Turkish democracy from Western countries who refrain from being in support of Turkey's democracy at every opportunity, they brought their language in Turkey, there are not concerned about sincere is that so crazy?
However, 95% of the people who gulen is seen as responsible for the coup in the United States even now is enough to drive the Turkish people to be allowed to live freely.
If it is added to the above-mentioned background, I think rising West/anti-Americanism, it's clear that Erdogan is a condition that cannot be explained by only.
Moreover, U.S. influence in the coup, Erdogan did not even think that was still...
So, the crate it's not a detail never
People who look down on his own, "of the crate is all about the details," he said, like himself, who don't think voters are "ignorant scratching his belly as" insulting the trip short, I wonder if they can play the same tune night after 15 July?
After seeing how the state and the citizens of this democracy, I wonder, "where all we were so wrong" sought to answer the question?
But there are so many questions that should have the answer to?
To be a traitor, who until yesterday served in various capacities in and of themselves the officers who will be given the right to use the weapons of the state at a time, how about "Traitor" status from foreign states and accepted into they have sought asylum.
Skewness is a mental environment in which we live and how people-oriented the behavior that led to obsession, how perversion people we need to see what would be described as.
As for a coup attempt bleary minds...
Those involved in this action of Turkey for the cities, the cities of Syria to have a perspective beyond compare?
Why an officer of his country's parliament bombs?
To expect reasonable behavior from brains feto watered with his curse words, there is a danger that we should have probably not.
The other responsible party, but we just know that it is not only responsible for all of feto.
Politics, fighting, and hatred of the profession, and the present staff have made the required contributions to the tragedy of living.
Themselves "Enlightened" offering as aymaz also, any kind of illegal behavior, have convinced the masses that is natural and even nasty.
Those who hate guns in the hands of his own people were given when we saw how they fired these people.
The path of democracy the way we know it
I'm saying a very simple thing: on the evening of July 15, Maker within the soldier in Turkey, public feto tufeyli, thieves, martyrs to democracy 250 and to save gave sergerde too dry.
But behind July 15 1992-2002; 2002-2012; 2012 and after three periods.
There are modifications of these three periods is prepared in three: economic, social, political.
Prepared two major phenomena of social change: migration from rural areas to the metropolis, and for a very long period of deployment, transferred after being held in the vicinity of the city.
I pointed out that was on Wednesday of this move through the tube.
Not saying metro is the most important element of social change because I also stressed.
The second largest change in the same direction, bridges and roads.
The contribution to the modernization of road and the bridge that brings more easily understood.
Path income, economic and social structure changes.
We also have the political structure has changed.
This historic spotted along with hyperlinks thrown on the Bosphorus in Istanbul.
Demirel, the Bosphorus Bridge was built.
After this was the climax of the peasant movement of the 1960s in the 1950s.
Ozal, now we change the name of the martyrs Bridge in the same direction as the second Bridge progress continued to July 15.
Even these routes centre - periphery relationship established between shows.
He is also the course of how social change is a sign that he was being watched.
Demirel and özal was the purpose of melting away in the center of large masses.
The center's policy was to pass them.
The third Bridge in as many years, the AK Party did.
Because migration continued unabated.
People were placed in the satellite cities.
In that area some closed system was created.
As AK Party, local government to the people, job, social status gave, they also vote for the AK Party.
Thus in the centre of the masses doesn't dissolve in the environment and after that acquire their political consciousness 'as themselves' were asked to come in.
This ongoing headscarf debates prior to the formation of the AK Party (1992-2002) was associated with.
This debate conservative, devout and integration with the provincial People's Center, not side to side devoted to the masses of the obligation established.
The AK Party is acting with the method I mentioned in the post siyasallastirdi 2002 by the masses in politics was solid, and more Mature.
After all this, Now notice, 3. Combat is simultaneous in the Democratic construction of the bridge on July 15.
That is to say, history and Sociology coincided.
I would add one more dimension to it: the AK Party Istanbul the bridge is not limited to only the move I'm talking about.
A more interesting thing happens: now the cities of the AK Party Central cities combines with the environment.
This is provided through the two bridges.
A, Osmangazi Bridge.
Two, 1915 Çanakkale Bridge.
Add paths to it.
Another route from Izmir, Turkey from Thrace now will reach.
Do you know what that was, Izmir, now a completely different city.
Say, the AK Party 'insider' cannot Izmir is no longer 'outside'.
Bursa now, now the Dardanelles, now the cities of Thrace, Humanities and social geography will be transformed into the other.
So that's it!
July 15 martyrs are the stars of this great adventure.
Fenerbahce van Persie and cheerful workout
Fenerbahce, preparations for the match Grasshoppers he continued his training in the early morning hours.
Can bartu facilities management coach Vitor Pereira in the training, which started at 10.00 hours, a total of 1 hour and 30 minutes.
In the hall, and made the 30-minute core workout after the players on the field, jogging and warm-up exercises with balls, 5 2 rust and grabbing work has been done.
In practice, the double rook made in a narrow field with the game completed.
Fenerbahce, preparations will continue with practice will do later today.
That person who complained to the gülen Aziz Yildirim...
Against Fenerbahce in the match-fixing related to There are new developments in the operation.
A CNN Türk program, huseyin gulerce, and a journalist for participating in this operation performed by feto explaining, "from the world of sports to name a Aziz Yildirim lyrics about fethullah gülen, a self-taught."
"Lightning days this person on the plane, 'What Are you doing with fethullah gülen," in the form of words.
Transmit these words, this individual laughed, and put the mighty Lightning of fethullah gülen.
Why did Aziz Yildirim plug it into?
Turkey's largest fan club president if this is the mindset with the thought that he might hurt himself.
"Match-fixing case, it was Aziz Yildirim to the liquidation of the phrase" had used.
A description of the case, which is important these words then one of the lawyers came from the transcendent light fixed.
Its light on the opposing view, and to the person who complained to the fethullah gülen feto ringleader Aziz Yildirim explained.
Here's Transcendent light of the words:
Aziz Yildirim, ihsan kalkavan he says something to about fethullah gulen.
Come from Azerbaijan, while on a private plane.
Aziz Bey, a witty man, the stinging sentences of criticizing someone tells you.
Maybe that makes it bleed a little stinging sentences.
May show some response to that sentence.
Place is grown in these sentences.
Towels, with our work, this businessman, like Hajj, Umrah like it's going to go there, it's not the job with such tolerance that will be accepted.
What this says, it's way too heavy critiquing.
The only problem, of course.
In the meantime, there are trials of a football team.
Some players and managers from the club and direct links to Galatasaray...Hakan record
Muharrem Usta: the subject of Handicapping is different
Trabzonspor Chairman muharrem Usta Section extended the hand of friendship.
The issue of Turkey, all the clubs is a matter of the master, "we're on the side in this country of 79 million."
We need to take a solid stance.
FETO Fenerbahce if you have a problem with injustice was done, too, if I stand behind Fenerbahce.
"But the subject is different between Fenerbahce with trabzonspor of handicapping," he said.
Announced prices for the sacrificial
Karabulut, said: "live together as one kilogram sacrificial calf price of $ 18 as a set."
"The price heifer £ 17 kilogram live again, live what we call the second class the price of the cow we've identified as 15 pounds a kilogram," he said.
Also notable last year that will not be the victim of animals for sale Karabulut, told us what to watch for while taking the sacrifice of citizens:
Ear tags for Animals, particularly attention must be paid.
It's also important for the animal to be healthy also.
For this, while they control our citizens is the victim of the rebels on the animal's passport.
To all appearances the victim's vibrant and alive, the feathers on must be taken.
In the face of saliva, mucus such as the absence of symptoms.
Who is not a victim in the past year we saw the animals that were offered for sale and sold.
A sacrificial animal need to complete 2 years of age.
We can also tell by the teeth of the animal.
Over 2 years of age for an animal to 'cover' other than what we call were revealed.
But the teeth of younger animals has not.
Large animal can be seen as the image, but the cover may be unescaped teeth.
The teeth on the cover is larger than the others because it is already immediately noticeable.
The sea will be held in Rize Airport
Rize Airport Airport in Turkey to be built with padding will be the second sea.
Rize Airport, yeşilköy Village Sunday with the Maiden's Tower between positions 266 hectares, 26 to 32 meters from the coast Sea will be built on fill.
Because of the depth in the construction of the airport, Rize, Ordu - giresun airport at about 3 times more than that used fill material will be used.
The project is within the scope of 36 aircraft per hour that can do 3 thousand meters long and 45 meters wide runway with takeoff and landing on the apron will be constructed.
Rize Airport overall passenger and cargo planes, which will serve also to the composition of the Class D, class heavy turbulence, takeoff weight 150 kilograms weighing more than a thousand aircraft to service are expected.
Transport, Maritime Affairs and Communications Ministry General Directorate of infrastructure investments by Rize on September 8, which will be put out to tender for the project in the first place, fill up the sea Airport, runway, apron, taxi route, highway Safety fence, breakwater, Pat fields and the lighting of the environment.
This will cost 600 million pounds.
With infrastructure spending in the aftermath of covering 150 million pounds of the upper structure of the terminal building will be made.
Construction of the airport, Rize, 2 years, 9 months will be completed.
Diesel is 8 cents
Fuel distribution companies, This midnight to be valid, gave a raise of 8 cents for a liter of diesel on average.
Petroleum products employers ' Association (puis) according to the information received, on 13 August on average one litre of diesel fuel from 2016 onwards there will be a price increase of 8 cents.
Accordingly, in Ankara 3,68 3,76 kilos to pounds which is the average price of a litre of diesel will rise.
At 3.71 pounds, the price of diesel in Istanbul 3,63 average pounds average pounds pounds 3,74 3,66 will be in Izmir.
Determined by the prices of the distribution companies, competitive, and free because of small diameter compared to companies and cities can vary.
Fuel distribution companies, last week the price of diesel per liter on the day of Friday made a raise of 4 cents.
Galatasaray players Gulen in conversation here
Turkish football Galatasaray and Turkish national football players marked to a term in 1996, take place in a chat it turns out that the ringleader FETO fetullah gulen.
Image was taken in 1996 Hakan unsal said fetullah gulen who listens to the conversation among the players, Mert Korkmaz, Okan Bitter, Arif Ismail Demir, Ugur Tutuneker and Yusuf Tepekule clearly it's obvious.
Smiling at the conversation in question, he talked from Galatasaray and "scored 4 goals and we won," he said.
The Imam Said in the last days of former football feto the newspaper in the morning alpsoy, country known as "Turkey were the third in 2002 when the team was distributed premium."
Emre, Okan, Hakan, Hakan unsal and Arif record the money collected from the premiums.
The money collected was 250 or 500 thousand dollars.
Arif took this money to Pennsylvania.
"Smiley was flat praises then Eve" as the description.
National football players laugh has joined the chat!
Emel Dereli has said goodbye to Rio
Rio 2016 Olympic Games in Athletics, representing the National athlete Emel Dereli of Turkey in the women's shot put, qualification did not pass.
The Athletics competitions at the Olympic Stadium in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil during the women's shot put qualification ended.
The last European Emel dereli third, about the first 17,01, the second about 16,86 yards, made the shot on the third attempt if it is invalid.
The 11th in the series, which was ranked 24th in total the national team to the finals, unable to stay farewell to the Olympics.
Became both the players and the sporting Director!
The sultans volleyball League team Galatasaray Daikin, captain Nihan guneyligil's contract by extending both players and manager have agreed as athletes with a sporty.
Yellow-red club said in a statement, the 34-year-old athletes as both players and manager signing contract with a sporty concludes, "a successful volleyball career, as well as who owns an important character of his career, at least wholeheartedly in the captain nihan guneyligil we wish success to the new mission". the statement said.
1 is the first in his career. Bursaspor League experience living in Jersey Nihan, respectively 75. Year, Besiktas, Fenerbahce and vakıfbank güneş sigorta wore their uniforms.
Nihan last season Guneyligil Turkish Volleyball Federation (tvf) organized by the National Olympic committee of Turkey fair play fair play and tbvl 2016 were awarded by Turkey.
Galatasaray HDI insurance National volleyball League teams Athlete of ayvazoğlu master bell, at the same time working as a manager on the team for the new season sporty.
Yellow-red club said in a statement sporty for the season 2016-2017 bell with both players and it is understood to be an agent concludes that, "Galatasaray each level in her career as an athlete, as well as the great character we wish him every success in his new role can have ayvazoglu dear," said the statement.
Chinese final in Table tennis!
Men's Table tennis Single in the Olympic Games in Rio 2016, Chinese mA long won the gold medal.
Table tennis competitions in the city of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil's riocentro performed in men only medals were distributed.
Zhang had defeated 4-0 in the finals to a citizen jik mA, who achieved a gold medal.
Zhang satisfied with a silver medal in the bronze medal match, where the only men defeated Belarusian Vladimir mizutani Japanese game 4-1 Samsonov took the bronze.
Fiji won the first medal in the history
Played at the stadium in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro city of Pico, the men's Rugby Sevens in the final of Fiji with the Great Britain encountered.
Eaten your opponent 43-7 Fiji, achieved a gold medal.
Satisfied with the silver medal the bronze medal in the category of Great Britain, Japan, who defeated South Africa, it was 54-14.
Cuneyt cakir critical match in the Olympics
Cuneyt cakir FIFA licensed tour our judges that will be played in the 2016 Olympics in Brazil Brazil-Colombia match, the whistle will blow.
Cuneyt cakir Bahattin Duran and Tarik Ongun will assume their my apprenticeship.
French referee Clement Turpin in the fourth match.
The match will be played at Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo will begin at 22.00 local time.
Located in the elite category of UEFA referee cuneyt cakir, taking part in the finals of the international tournament for the ninth time in his career.
Istanbul 5 thousand police control!
Istanbul's yeditepe Peace" named in policing practice within the scope of 39 counties, with the participation of 5 thousand police in helicopter-assisted audit is being done.
Dr. Mustafa Caliskan Istanbul police chief in the coordination of implementation across the city launched in the evening hours policing, narcotics crime, financial crime, anti-terrorism, anti-smuggling and Organized Crime combat, special operations, SWAT, and traffic were among the teams, the police and many joins.
General information for suspicious persons Screening (criminal record check) which are controlled with the controls dialed in, parties, guns, knives, focuses on suspects carrying drugs.
Supported the implementation of the marine police in the districts coast.
Noel Park Kadikoy metrobus station at the exit of the ongoing implementation of the criminal record check of persons in question, as well as hand bags and suitcases were also checked.
The application of traffic control, police helicopters also gives support from the air.
It was learned that will last until the late hours of the application.
In social media a propaganda coup, arrest!
According to information obtained, Isparta police department cyber crime branch teams, social media feto of Jennifer Archer's coup attempt on the information that insulted the President and his propaganda Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan started work.
Investigations, praising the coup and the coup attempt of feto Jennifer Archer, anti-Erdogan coup and insulting the President shares the teams took the suspect into custody determines that they are in the OP.
The safety procedures, and then shipped to the courthouse, Archer, was arrested.
The district governor and the deputy governor of that province detained
Feto after the coup attempt of the Ministry of Interior, Deputy Governor Halil Ibrahim ertekin karahallı uşak suspended during an administrative investigation initiated by the governor, with the right structure, in the evening hours was detained by police teams.
Ertekin structure with the suspects, was taken to safety.
Very striking phrases about FETO Robert from Amsterdam!
Fetullahci a terrorist organization (FETO) international investigating illegal activities legal as Amsterdam&Partners Law Firm official, Robert Amsterdam, pen an article in U.S. magazine Forbes, taking feto shared information about how is organized.
FETO indicating Pennsylvania fetullah gulen manages the organization from the estate of the ringleader, Amsterdam, Gülen "in the United States approximately 150 contract (charter) school operated a closer look at how highly developed organizational capability of the organization that has hidden under the ground be seen pretty clear," said.
Amsterdam seven months ago, Turkey was tasked with researching companies and schools linked by smiley by conveying that, so far, their findings "shocking" was stressed.
Amsterdam, the articles.
Ifsaci of the information he gave us, according to a strict hierarchy where the instructions are forwarded gulen organization.
These instructions are usually in the poconos with Smiley Face-to-face meetings is transmitted.
The management group consisting of seven people on the hill (Consultative Group).
On the instructions of the Advisory Committee is transferred to this group.
Here are the instructions respectively from the region, clerics, imams to the country within the country regional imams, the provincial imams and their imams in the region, a local Imam, the imams of the student house (Light House) and goes to the students.
Businessmen, bureaucrats and army officers, according to their position and role within the organization works on different levels.
The organization opened for business across the globe 55 thousand, transfers to the school's network in the United States that have the largest contract in Amsterdam, paid for by American taxpayers millions of dollars each year from taxes given to schools that were reported.
Amsterdam, a large percentage of this money among the organization's members themselves are routed, and that the "chosen" companies that have been transferred to a subcontractor wrote.
Amsterdam, the operation is explained with the following example:
The Board in California Magnolia schools, and gulen is linked to an annual service contract with a company that shares the same office he was caught in exchange for 700 thousand dollars.
Amsterdam, as another example, in Oklahoma, Dove Science Academy showed.
Amsterdam, he paid an extra $ 3.1 million to the property owner of the school, and also in the controls of the school and the owner of the property in connection with the company's management noted that the smiley have been found to occur from the same person.
Gulen's network holds the biggest place in harmony with similar situations in the presence of notable schools 46 branches in Amsterdam, linked to smaller companies FETO software licensing, indicated that the money was paid with items such as curriculum.
Amsterdam is rich in feto made within each other, underlining that, "the examples I gave you This, American taxpayers approximately $ 28 million misuse."
"Besides, this is the visible part of what we found so far", the phrase used.
In order to prevent such incidents ever done something that is not pointing in Amsterdam, the situation is going from bad to worse in the decades that followed, the Texas education Agency on all of these reminds me of when started to investigate the irregularities.
Amsterdam, normal functioning of sight of the school, stressed the absence of many employees what kind of information about corruption.
Amsterdam, "but in fact, gülen is working for these schools snow like a machine."
"Smiley then huge sums, in order to hide their illegal activities uses for political donations", made the assessment.
According to the statement by a former American teacher who worked in these schools, the gulen schools in some of the separate meetings of staff, describing a certain portion of the salary transferred to the organization in Amsterdam, "the Turkish armed forces is believed to have worked in a similar smiley in the operation of the members."
The years seemed to strengthen their positions within the instigators of the coup.
"But behind the scenes he was collecting the army in sight a power is normally parallel processing power". he wrote.
Amsterdam, the article concluded:
In the minds of policy makers in the United States and there are question marks regarding subsequent events on July 15-16, and that's to be expected.
However, the two Allied States at the diplomatic level while addressing individual state authorities, in operations of U.S. laws are being violated in a way that gülen's serial them need to wake up.
22nd judicial in Istanbul are on the loose!
The High Council of judges and prosecutors (HSYK) by 2016 and decommissioned on 10 August fethullahc a terrorist organization by Ankara public prosecutor's office about them by claiming that they are members of the judges and prosecutors initiated the investigation, who served in Istanbul from 22 648% escape he learned.
By 11 August 2016 Istanbul chief Public Prosecutor by the High Council of judges and prosecutors in the history of Istanbul who served in decommissioned 648 67% of detention, and we decided to search about.
By the prosecution to search the homes and offices of the members of the judiciary and 45% were detained.
He learned judicial 22 searches in the address which is not found escape.
The decision on the judiciary learned of the capture will be removed.
18 suspects detained 45% of those arrested in the aftermath of the demand for expression in the DA's Office, the magistrates ' were shipped to hakimligi reported.
22 judges and prosecutors which is not found in the address search process continues.
11 people were taken into custody in Konya!
The scope of the investigation the detention of the person for the capture decision is made about what is provided?
In this context, the special school at officer, and officer in the municipality of ereğli running 1 4 6 Working with teacher sahika merve detained.
Ereğli State Hospital, passed health check suspects, ereğli was taken to the police department.
The curfew in Diyarbakir removed!
In a statement from the Governor's office, Lice, Silvan mountainous and forested in the north of the handle and operating in the field between them and the top-level organization, including the managers of neutralisation of terrorists and collaborators evaluated for these uses in refuge, shelter and the storage area is arranged for the acquisition of materials and the determination of the operation said.
Silvan Dolaplidere and Climbers, the pitch of the license, Kıyıköy, Dallica, Holy official and the handle anchored in Qamishli, Çukurca, Bayirkoy, Temren a curfew in the village of stone bridge and reported to the end of the description contained the following statements:
The goods of the execution operation to ensure the safety of the people in the regions and with links to the relevant articles of the law numbered 5442 on provincial administration in accordance with the advertised from 9 August onwards civilian citizens be harmed in order to 05.00 hours the decision to ban, today has been removed from 16.00 onwards.
In a statement, for ensuring the safety of life and property thanks to the citizens for the ban to conform to.
Passenger bus toppled in üsküdar!
According to information received, the harem along the coast road, a bus company owned by Yilmaz, E. (37) 5568 34-plate passenger bus came tumbling out of control due to rainfall ZP management.
turn on the scene in police, health and fire crews were dispatched.
The passengers on the bus as a result of the work of the teams raking fire from the vehicle was removed.
No injuries passenger 3 haydarpasa numune training and research hospital by ambulance to be removed.
Roads closed due to an accident, the damaged vehicle after the lifting of transportation opened.
The colonel in charge she got arrested for feto NATO staff!
Fetullahci terrorist organization in Izmir/Parallel state structure (FETO/PCM) in the operation to capture about the decision to NATO's counter-terrorism and detained in Ankara özkan was arrested the colonel in command of a center of excellence cascade.
Izmir Cumhuriyet bassavcivekil okan Bato, "FETO/pdy the Turkish armed forces (TSK) towards the capture on the second leg of the ongoing investigation in structuring the decision issued under detained in Ankara Çağlayan was brought to Izmir.
Izmir police department's organized crime branch in the process after the health check passed Waterfall, were referred to court.
After the prosecution testimony, "membership of a terrorist organization" and "show activity on behalf of the organization" charges duty waterfall court, was arrested.
Çavuşoğlu paid from Zekeriya Oz description
Cavusoglu, Zekeriya Oz of orphans and fair in relation to allegations that he was caught in Georgia the question is, "currently this information is not correct."
But it gets different calls.
All of them are evaluated.
We are in close contact with the Georgian authorities.
"Every detail, information, which in turn are being evaluated rigorously," he said.
In Georgia is of concern that they might be in response to a question as to whether the "zekeriya öz before you fled to Georgia."
At the Customs gate had been detected in the cameras.
Has been to go to Europe.
For these two only isn't any information from us, we check every piece of those with other relevant information, we will follow up.
Where they let you get away, we can track them," he said.
In response to the question about getting to meet with Iranian counterpart Javad Elegant, "bilateral issues."
We do have a lot between Turkey and Iran.
Political, commercial, transportation, energy and our common struggle to fight terrorism.
There are regional issues.
Particularly Syria Syria, Iraq, Yemen, the Gulf region.
We live in as regards the solution of problems in the region, Turkey and Iran can play an important role.
We agree on many issues.
Syria's territorial integrity and border integrity from daes and other terrorist organizations in Syria and cleaned, we agree on many issues such as inclusive government.
We had different ideas about Assad.
But as always, we will continue to talk to them.
Truce in the continuation of the Geneva talks, we agree.
Essentially the result of consensus on many issues means nothing unless you can bring.
"The important thing is to get the result."
Cavusoglu, Turkish military aircraft have participated in operations in Syria when the question about how, "in this regard, the Delegation went to Moscow."
"These daes here in particular struggle with the aim of establishing mechanisms in which steps are taken and, in any event, need to be disposed of in a coordinated manner to avoid the accident," he said.
In response to the question regarding the purchase of gas with Iran, "Iran and Turkey are two brotherly countries."
The arbitration decision has to be us so we can make a deal among ourselves on this issue.
I had a little site.
We should be able to do these deals before going to arbitration.
"Gas rebate, we've had requests about prices," he said.
Regarding gulen's return to America in response to the question about the date of departure, "a catch-22 There will be a delegation from America."
There will be a meeting on August 23-24.
The Ministry of Justice prepares the file.
As soon as the file is ready from the United States would be equivalent to future visits.
"We also, in conjunction with the Minister of Justice, Washington increasingly, we'll deliver both files, I'll see both," he said.
Senior PKK in Istanbul caught!
A senior manager of the PKK terrorist organization held in Istanbul, was caught in a successful operation.
Istanbul security Directorate, are among the top executives of the organization with a bounty of 300 per thousand pounds and a 'grey list Cigerhun code-named the rival assistant in Istanbul seized.
Istanbul anti-terror branch Directorate teams captured at an address in bağcılar to help the result of the operation made by the competitor in their homeland are brought to campus safety and counter-terrorism division to the query is received.
As is well known, on July 9, Bahoz Erdal important name of the terrorist organization, in Syria held by tel as a result of the assassination of Khamis brigade was killed.
Iranian Foreign Minister Ghazi In The Legislature!
Cavusoglu, came to the Parliament with its elegant counterpart.
Upon leaving the Great Hall with elegant Cavusoglu honor examined the damage first, then fold to the Office of the Prime Minister, surveyed the damage.
Elegant said after his visit:
Of the Turkish people and the Turkish people in the streets is superior to all the powers of the will of the people has once again proven that.
The Islamic Republic of Iran in a coup attempt from the first hours of the coup attempt, has condemned in the same way that the Turkish people and has been on the side of the government, and it's always been that way.
My visit to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey for me today, we were on the side of the Turkish people and the Turkish is a symbol that we are on the side of democracy.
The family of 13 was caught while fleeing on the boat
Inflatable boat patrol in Coast Guard crews who müsellim Strait in the early morning hours of illegal immigrants into the sea to escape to the island of Lesbos in Greece with the group operation.
13 belonging to the same family made in the identification of leakage have been identified.
Seydo Ali Ahmed, the head of the family, his wife and 11 children sought the way to go with your other son in Germany, he said.
The organizers $ 700 per first Greece, and then they want to go to Germany, stating that Seydo Ali Ahmed, Iraq yazidi killed by ISID and they live in the city of sengal soldiers that they fled to Turkey because they are in fear of being stated.
In Iraq a family of their own and companies that exists in German, English, Spanish, Arabic and French who knows illegal immigrants, the region is disrupted with the arrival of ISID that their only wish is to go to live with her son in Germany, he said.
They made the carriage, Bridal car
In the wedding ceremony, the couple from the traditional wedding different by a convoy of convoy has attracted great interest.
"Forming a convoy of carts double as a bridal car and a coach preferred.
From the back of the instrument forming a convoy at about 10 in the car wedding team attracted the attention of dual citizens.
Kashan who was touring the city in a convoy, then went to the home of the wedding.
Bomber caught husband
According to information obtained, the 41-year-old Mehmet Ali Dee's wife, kadriye Y., about 9 months ago due to irreconcilable differences with their children and left the house.
Unemployed, Mehmet Ali Y., yesterday in the evening hours, and into his own ball bearings, nails and bodies, filling up like a Roman candle IEDs supported by his wife, came to the front of the house where he lived in the neighbourhood of the nation.
A. shouting here for a while followed by threats prepared by Mehmet Ali blew the bomb by placing the grating in front of the house.
While residents of great fear and panic in the aftermath of the explosion, explosives, ball bearings and nails in pieces of through the window of a house injured by a hit.
Yavuzselim Neighbourhood who fled after the incident, Mehmet Ali Y. citizens called the police suspecting a black suit and backpack hanging.
The lightning, who began to flee at the Bureau County police department teams, Mehmet Ali Y..
The suspect went to the garden of a house on the same street.
When children gave the news of long guns with the police have surrounded the house.
He understands that he can't suspect surrendered.
Mehmet Ali Dee's bag for a bomb disposal expert was called.
The bag lighter fluid, toys, fireworks, tape, screwdriver, scissors, and nail, such as materials output.
Mehmet Y. Ali while being taken to the police station, an inquiry about the event is in progress.
Red Crescent launches the victim fundraiser
The power of attorney for the purpose qurban campaign organizer with the Red Crescent, the charities this year's feast in "the last victim of the abundance of all year with the slogan" Let's calling.
The Red Crescent President Dr. Kerem Kınık, "according to the purpose of the tin is cut and being converted to the victims."
"Sacrificed, and are being distributed to those in need throughout the year in a healthy way," he said.
The victim Red Crescent donation fee, £ 740 £ 475 in the country and abroad, as announced.
The ninth and the Red Crescent held in the traditional qurban campaign this year is continuing with the Ministry of.
The owners of the world and in our country alone, thanks to the Red Crescent campaign, hundreds of thousands of the oppressed to the table again, and cut according to the purpose konservelenen gets sacrificed.
The Feast of sacrifice that identifies the beginning of the fundraising campaign with the Turkish Red Crescent President Dr. Kerem Kınık, the Feast of Sacrifice and the blessings of living in the world launched a major campaign to have all of joy by expressing that "the meat of the sacrifice, is being converted to the cans in a hygienic way."
"Thanks to this method, sacrificed, and can be consumed by the needy throughout the year in a healthy way," he said.
According to Sharia, the sector and the donors of the Turkish Red Crescent to send the DVD to "Sacrifice Red Crescent Model" thanks to benefactors sacrifice, you can easily fulfill the purpose and in accordance with the rules.
This contemporary model thanks to carefully selected sacrificial animals, meat and dairy vet institution selected by the proxy holders in accordance with the procedures of the institution and the names of the modern Islamic kombina by reading on the first three days of Eid al-Adha will be cut.
In the areas that will be performed in accordance with the requirements of Islamic religious officials, veterinarians and notaries will also be present.
The meat of the sacrifice to be obtained from roasting, canning brought into 800 gram tin cans will be placed.
Roasting tins will be distributed to those in need through the Red Crescent branches throughout the year.
The victim, after the period, the Red Crescent, a roasting tin and each proxy to the owner a certificate of Thanks will send a box with a DVD that explains the process.
Kindness knows no bounds in 30 countries with the Ministry of Red Crescent sacrifice, sacrificed, and like every year, this year also will be delivered to the poor around the world.
This year's victim, stating that the organization will be conducted in approximately 30 countries, Dr. Cynical, in the Balkans, 7, 11 in Africa, 4 countries in the Middle East and South Asia and the Caucasus 5 the event would be held, he said.
Kınık, expected to increase 50 percent this year compared to last year, they expressed the activities of abroad, "a mandate from the Turkish Red Crescent, which will give our citizens fees for domestic 740 pounds abroad 475 pounds, respectively."
In Turkey, we aim to cut at 5 kombina that belongs to the institution of meat and milk.
These segments in Turkey and abroad by fulfilling Islamic requirements necessary, we perform the procedures suggested by the Department of Religious Affairs.
"We will bring to the table and canned sacrificial meat to needy for 18 months," he said.
168 donation reaches those in real need of Call Center 7/24 sacrifice of citizens who want to live in peace; donation accounts banks Red Crescent, Turkish Red Crescent Branches, post office branches and Red Crescent postal cheque account, 168 free call center and www.kizilay.org.tr by using the internet address will be able to give him a mandate.
Credit card holders can benefit from the payment of installments installments who's going through a proxy.
The Ministry through the Turkish Red Crescent crescent Internet page with our citizens abroad who wish to be able to pay online by using the donation menu.
30 00 0090 312 of the Turkish Red Crescent with telephone number 458 in addition to free consultation by calling the donation hotline and is worth the price of a succession with international credit card.
Our citizens, with the number of agricultural banks in Germany account the victim is worth the price of the Red Crescent succession.
The horrors of the groom in Konya
The event today Kadınhanı osmancık district in the quarter occurred in the Old Town.
Allegedly, a week ago, leading to a mutual divorce Hüseyin Ayhan, in his father's house to talk to his wife, Fatma went to flowing.
After a while, Hussein Aka starting the discussion with folks back home, with a gun he brought with him his wife Fatma Ayhan, Father-in-law Haji Ibrahim and mother-in-law opened fire on flowing in heaven.
Fatma ayhan and his father remaining in the blood, Aka Haji Ibrahim, died at the scene and seriously injured the Mother of Heaven Aka (if the aided was removed to the government hospital.
The gendarmerie, ayhan started working for the capture of Hussein with his car who fled after the incident.
Hüseyin Ayhan, it was learned that the suspension contained.
Ayhan a pair of 13 and 10 years old, 1 girl two boy said.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet bridge on accident
According to information obtained event, Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge, tem motorway in the direction of Ankara took place at 14.00 at the entrance.
34 plate truck in the management of Abdullah sanver PK 060, 077 VK hit it from the back of the truck plate 16.
Abdullah Sanver in the accident, the driver at the scene is stuck.
Citizens who saw the accident report on the scene of the fire, police and medical teams were dispatched.
The jam has made intensive efforts to recover from the firefighters to the scene sanver.
The work of the firefighters was hurt during sanver shrieking in pain.
Sanver is trapped as a result of intensive studies, the place where recovered from a stretcher to an ambulance and was taken to okmeydanı training and research hospital moved.
A road that is closed due to an accident, the traffic density has caused.
JUL with the removal of vehicles, traffic returned to normal.
Hit by a car, and two children, "the seat get dirty" carried in the trunk
The accident from the previous day remaining-Siverek highway occurred in the vicinity of the village of narince.
34 Mustafa K. Mehmet O. 6809 cars with KS plates in management, (14) used the bicycle collided.
O. O. Mustafa Hussein, the impact of the bike (13) was seriously injured.
The driver of the automobile, the injured kids 'seats' clean putting it in the trunk of the car, took him to the emergency medical station in the village of narince.
Ambulances wounded two children here from Austin State Hospital was referred to.
The wounded Hussein O. is fighting for his life in intensive care.
Hitting kids the seats carried in the trunk to keep clean
Mustafa O. by describing the accident, "we were going to visit friends."
We got our stuff.
The ratio of the transformer dark the visit of the Prophet Uzeyir Mulberry near us got hit by a car.
The impact I broke my leg.
I took my friend and threw it in the trunk the driver first.
Then he put me up next to my friend in the trunk of the car.
While putting my hand between the tailgate remained in the trunk.
I screamed too.
Hearing my voice, atci tailgate the driver again.
My hand is correct.
The baggage door back off and you sweetly took me to her village with us.
"From there they took us to the Austin State Hospital with an ambulance," he said.
Parents of children complain that they are not injured first the drive that is in the trunk when I learned that the kids complained.
The injured boy's grandfather, Mustafa O. "when the accident happened I was kahtani."
Granddaughter my nephew my phone with me, I know it was an accident.
Immediately I went to the Austin State Hospital.
Brought my first nephew.
15 minutes later I brought my grandson.
Gerger came to the commander of the Outpost.
Mukhtar said You're complaining about you.
Accidents happen everywhere.
I said I'm not complaining.
I looked at the car that hit my nephew and my grandson and then go.
There's a lot of blood in the trunk.
Turns out both after the kids hit the wounded man to the hospital and put it in the trunk of the car brings.
My nephew is my grandson putting it on my bottom putting it in the trunk.
Men, he says, I didn't add it in the trunk.
But the car with the rear seats immaculate.
"Such things don't happen," he said.
Narince village residents Mehmet Kaya "kids driver multiplier, the wounded brought here."
So the kids are injured, I was pulled from the trunk of the car.
"Even animals have done what should be done with," he said.
The uncle of the wounded Osman O., "the citizen who shot those kids, how about a human?"
It could be an accident, people could get killed in the accident.
But the trunk of the car to grab the wounded and take her to the hospital in a brutal event.
We will follow this to the end.
Dealing with the death of one of these children.
The other gravely.
Brings up to narince wounded in kahta from the trunk of the car.
Damn you to hell.
Such a violent event let it happen again.
Hurts our lungs.
We'll be the plaintiff, and this we'll let it go.
"We want the person to be punished in a most severe manner," he said.
Has built a name for yourself
Michael Sowa, renowned architect to build the ecological paradise that is floating in the last 8 years of his life he spent.
Using that was built on 150 thousand plastic bottles this self-sufficient living space with the old model he met on Facebook two years ago Jodi bowlin lives.
Richart Island air-filled plastic bottles, a wooden pallet and from from the sand formed.
Two-story home; 2 bathrooms, a jacuzzi, 3 showers, a kitchen and wireless Internet connection.
Around the island, palm trees, mangroves, fruit trees, other plants, is defeated, herbs, toiletries.
30 foot shore with a cord connected to the name of this cord with the help of electricity, water and Internet produces its own.
Sowa, "I'm a vegetarian and I grow many edible vegetables on the island."
I have to go to the grocery store to reach the nearby small other food.
"Again made from plastic bottles, I have a raft of 8 persons," he said.
Up for sale are 7 announced the Galaxy Note more powerful than a model!
Samsung Galaxy Note 7, with 6Gb RAM and 128GB memory confirmed officially the last day of the model.
Earlier this month, Samsung's new top-level smartphone, the Galaxy Note 7 was explained.
Ambitious features to the Galaxy Note 7, with 6Gb RAM with 4GB of RAM as expected but actually was introduced.
The first pre-order with numbers expected exceeding expectations looks like a model with 6Gb RAM the Galaxy Note 7 will also be available.
On the last day of South Korea's capital, speaking at a press event in Seoul, Samsung's mobile chief Koh Dong-jin, 6Gb RAM memory, and 128GB model officially announced plans to launch Galaxy Note 7.
On the other hand, according to the report in the Korea Herald, the Galaxy Note 7 This model with 6Gb RAM and 128GB memory in the first place, will be exclusive only to China.
This particular model is available in other regions is being planned for the moment.
Tracer the new Yamaha 700 with new routes!
A pleasant trip with unforgettable memories and keep them alive near the end of the week you want the candidate to 700 tracer to the environment for short trips or take it on long Transcontinental tour...
Motorcycle new Yamaha 700 Tracer for the driver that minimizes all the difficulties of a long way, design and technical perfection are reaching emotional and intuitive driving experience that provides the user with a full long path tool...
Discover another world, new and amass unforgettable memories in every corner a motorcycle across Europe to get a taste of the fun and interest is intensifying.
The door of their space in this free world, looking to expand their horizons, and the number increasing every day series motorcycle enthusiasts Sport Tourer is an affordable, accessible and exciting models turning.
New Yamaha 700 Tracer addictive, quite successfully, the Mt-07 from platform improved.
Reconstructing and strengthening the existing series model developed by the Sport Tourer, the new generation of motorcycle enthusiasts are faced with intense interest.
A bold and original new design with many impressive features Tracer 700, superior handling, light weight, fast, and fun, comfortable driving Sport Tourer combining design and functionality of the image class takes it to a new level.
Middleweight Sport Tourer with standard features that provides a miraculous performance in the segment and Tracer 700, follows the huge success of this segment.
Sports-oriented line, long distance performance, the attractive appearance with the new dynamic and Tracer 700, marks an exciting new era in the Sport Tourer category.
700 Tracer versatile, torque-rich engine and the chassis with its agile and ready to tackle any situation.
This sporty new middleweight motorcycles, the chassis and suspension improvements that were made in the specific with the addition of has many special features that reveal the potential of a true touring bike.
Fuel-efficient, 689cc, Double-cylinder engines with high fuel tank capacity of 17 litres, 700 long distance road travel between stations ensures that tracer gas can.
Its compact and lightweight chassis 700 Tracer new, highly acclaimed Mt-07 platform was developed.
This minimalist design, agile driving and quick response feature that quickly gained a reputation.
The class leader of 196 kg wet weight, ready to turn on each drive in turn.
Moreover, various long-distance touring bike with the addition of genuine Yamaha accessories, can be converted into serious.
Color alternatives which makes the design more attractive with a Radical Red, Tech Black, Yamaha Blue...
To return again to the market of motorcycle enthusiasts exciting new model that allows the user more attributes to the paths.
Beginning in August, Turkey will be launched in the Mediterranean with 700 new tracer that you want, get on the road winding into the mountains of the Black Sea, whether in Europe or Africa for new thrills and adrenaline of the full line of adventure experience.
Hakan and his father's assets were confiscated record of 200 million people
The Sakarya Prosecutor's office engaged in contracting with feto about the father of selmet thank Hakan Sakarya record under investigation in the detention decision.
With Hakan in Istanbul and adapazari in the United States, selmet record of God his father was made to search homes.
Thank selmet could not be found despite a search.
Police thank selmet, adapazari Sakarya Street during Friday prayers at the mosque is located at salko discovered to be reported acted upon.
The teams who go to the mosque, the Friday prayer to be performed, waited.
After the completion of the prayer, Selmet, Thankfully he raised his hands when he saw the cops.
Capture about Selmet placed in a police vehicle to the police station and Thank the decision was taken.
Thanks Jennifer and his father with the tool in front of the squad car where he was taken to the police department by following went.
State prosecutor Hakan Sakarya record of God and his father determined to provide financial support to feto selmet.
The prosecution's duty to examine the application on the magistrates ' bench, Hakan and his father selmet God's record of his real estate, motor vehicles, bank accounts or at other financial institutions, real or legal persons any rights and receivables, negotiable instruments and partnership shares in the company by processing in which, to the value of other assets that would be seized are safe and decided.
The decision of the court the land offices, the police department and the IRS were communicated within their days.
Hakan and his father selmet record of God in the first, they were rich in real estate research.
Hakan and his father's record in Istanbul, Antalya, Bodrum, Istanbul, Bakirkoy, Besiktas, apartments in silivri, Sapanca, adapazari and in the building and the land it was identified as spoofed.
Sakarya Serdivan luxury villas on a plot of 10 acres, in the county of Selmet of God were built.
Hakan şükür, in the city centre of Adapazarı, Sakarya Ministry of Finance tax investigation by tax inspectors, under the chairmanship of the Supervisory Board of the group, including the feto closed by a classroom have been identified.
Hakan and his father of the value of all the assets of approximately 200 million pounds of selmet God is around.
Fugitive police chief caught in zaho
Batman provincial security Directorate employed in 3. police chief Ahmet Duran class as soon as feto as part of the investigation of the coup attempt was suspended.
He was about to capture it enacted trailing over the decision.
Provincial security Directorate teams in a survey conducted by the city of zaho's were found to have fled to Iraq.
As soon as I was captured in a joint operation by the security forces of the two countries.
As soon as they are brought to Turkey in Batman was detained.
As soon as the safety procedures, and then were referred to court.
The security forces are suspected to have fled to northern Iraq over the terrorist organization PKK camps to attend on the stands.
This habit of children pay attention to
Faculty Of Dentistry Assoc. Dr. bilgin Giray, in the first ages of the children at all because they can't do this by making a requirement to chew suck reflex, I relaxed said.
Outlining the reasons for the Declaration of the habit of thumb sucking in children, Assoc. Dr. Giray, "thumb sucking is a common phenomenon from birth until 3-4 years of age."
Most babies suck their thumbs.
To satisfy his need to suck his finger sucking in infancy the child is 1-1,after the age of 5 to relax satisfy the longing of the mother's breast and suck your thumb.
"Keep yourself entertained and get bored with it, sleep came, and when it is agitated when it is separated from the thumb sucking behavior can be found in the mother," he said.
Seen in advanced age, thumb sucking behavior on the basis of the Mother-child relationship and the child stressing that the inadequacy lies in a lack of confidence in the city. The effects of this behavior for dental health Dr. bilgin Giray told the following words:
The child's thumb sucking behavior shows a negative impact on the formation of the tooth structure.
As a result of pressure that emerged during the suction, the upper teeth are pushed forward when the bottom is pushed behind the teeth.
This also leads to positioned in the back of the lower jaw, palate and disrupts the balance of the tooth structure.
This physiological speech impairment and closure its reflection would be shaped to make me look bad aesthetically.
If no solution is found it early, in the period of 6-7 years when permanent teeth begin to emerge, a complex treatment process can take place much more remarkable Assoc. Dr. Giray, "the development of the jaw and joint problems our children we can protect you from closing before it is finished."
"Therefore, today, such as sight and hearing of children must be kept under control also controls the structure of the mouth."
Pale in the treatment of near vision new: Lenses Trifokal
After cataract surgery, patients wants to wear naturally.
Our patients to solve this problem, has already been used for many years multifocal lenses.
Lenses started to be used recently in this field with trifokal took a further step to the success of the treatment.
It's not only the difference from other lenses lenses trifokal remote or close distance, the ability to provide clear vision at distances defined as the distance Dec.
Far, near, distance vision treatment of disorders or Dec
Dec distance vision disorders, represents a point that we use daily.
As an example, on the instrument panel of the car, on our laps or we have portable computers that we hold 60-70 cm Sleeve Length defined as the distance Dec are located.
Lenses distance correction Dec Trifokal thanks to our patients it doesn't matter near or far, would not need to use glasses in any way.
Lenses another advantage of a night Trifokal their complaints, too reduces.
Eye Diseases Specialist Assoc. Dr. volkan Hurmeric "Each trifocal lens normal distance vision as a treatment for cataract treatment from the treatment applied there is no difference."
A 10-minute procedure that we apply to our patients cure 7 Trifokal easily regains eye health.
Our patients they can return to their normal lives the next day.
Especially driving, computer use, who loves reading and is an operation that increases the quality of life for those living more active lives.
Every patient who has attained the age of 18, which can also be applied to an eye diseases specialist on whether this procedure is appropriate for you, you can contact your.
Varicose veins-heart surgery is not used!
On arrival, the frequency increased considerably in recent years is a disease.
The genetic proximity of the primary factor heir, long working hours on foot for a long time causes the increase of complaints are required to stop and a destination for a long time.
Veins used in heart surgery?
There is my heir, what do I do if I have a heart attack in the future? often the question people are curious.
The answers to these questions.
The two types of the venous system of the leg:
1.Dirty blood dirty blood to the lungs, which leads to the main legs of the leg of what we call the deep venous system that collects the main road.
The femoral vein the femoral vein, deep and superficial, they take the name of these.
In this vein, the problems are more rare, vascular diseases in can be closed, and apply the medication to this blood vessels remain open.
The dirty blood in the groin and legs leading to the lungs combined with the superficial venous system deep venous system, which we call the path side.
This system, which we call the two large and two small veins saphenous vein, consists of.
All four of these vessels insufficiency and varicose veins may develop.
Which may be used in heart surgery, the vein, superficial veins called great saphenous vein.
The lack of these vessels is harmful to the body and therefore it can be used in heart surgery.
However, in order to be used in heart surgery blood vessels of these vessels must be healthy.
'Your heart is a vital organ.
Varicose veins may be surgically removed or be left in place with a laser incineration process reduces the workload and ensures that more of the leg vein is healthy.
A false belief among the people that is found also as a backup though kullanilabileceg varicose veins.
Never is not used in heart surgery varicose veins!
There are other vessels that can be used in heart surgery.
Spare that heart surgery can be used in vascular systems; below the sternum, the stomach is located in and around the arm.
Therefore, varicose veins, and keep heart waiting for you to use to worry about it is misplaced.
Radiologist Dr. Turkgu Color
Uzbek from a Super Bowl pre-meaningful message
The President of Galatasaray sports club, let alone Uzbek, before the Super Bowl will be played between Galatasaray and beşiktaş issued a statement.
Stay here that draws attention to the unity of Uzbek Turkish football words:
Turkish sports club Besiktas and Galatasaray with two rooted in both eyes, on the evening of Saturday 13 August, the Konya Metropolitan Arena in the Super Cup will face off for the torque.
This match, two of our distinguished century club, leaving behind in the competition are neither the first nor the last one.
But the timing is a very crucial match.
As we all know, our country survived a near death experience on the night of 15th July.
Terrorist threat to our democracy Fetullahci/yapilanmasi parallel state (FETO/PCM) pulse initiative, averted thanks to the unity and integrity of society as a whole.
That night, we paid a heavy price in the nation.
We have martyrs.
We have many veterans.
The price of this suffering us once again the virtue of democracy, the importance of these lands reminded me of the necessity of peace and not the fight.
That night, the representatives of the Turkish sports one voice, as one heart was opposed to the coup; together they took the side of democracy.
A unifying feature of sport than ever in these critical days we need more.
Our precious precious 2 President Süleyman seba your opponent. Death anniversary of our club which is named for the legendary captain Turgay and hang the new football season in the sport of love and peace that falls before the beginning of this match I wish would match.
Galatasaray and Besiktas fans in front of the grandstands half of the share at the end of the match will be played regardless of the score, the winner will be our country and I hope that Turkish sport.
339 Derby. appointment - sporting news
Ziraat Turkey Cup and Turkcell Super League champion Galatasaray, with Besiktas in the Cup match tomorrow at 20.45 hours, which brings in Konya will be fighting for the biggest of the season.
With Besiktas and Galatasaray faced 92 times so far in the annual competition, eternal friendship without 338.
In this match 120 times yellow-kırmızılılar, when you came victorious, black-and-whites defeated his opponent with 107 times.
111 the opponents in the match, was unable to achieve superiority to each other.
In this match Galatasaray, Besiktas 477 444 Lake responded with goals.
July 30, 2006 at the Commerzbank Arena Galatasaray in Super Cup between Besiktas starting with the first adventure began.
In this match black-and-whites 60. mert will nobre minutes with the goal that took me to the Museum of the cup.
10 Cup the year 2011 Annual Super Bowl has been played in history.
Galatasaray played 6 times with the remaining 9 years of the best in the finals.
In this match yellow-kırmızılılar, the museum has succeeded in bringing to the Super Bowl 4 times.
Besiktas playing in the final for the 1st time took the trophy 3 times.
Eagle "in Chichewa" crisis - sporting news
Coach senol gunes did not practice yesterday, which is one of the assistant coach reported that the flower of Honor.
In the event that the management refer to the flower itself doesn't like salary hike, putting into practice and react accordingly, do not take reported.
It was stated that the attitude senol gunes expects for government intervention.
Mario Gomez disappointed!
Fiorentina sporting Director Pantaleo Corvino, babacar and Mario Gomez scorer of the players made statements about my khou.
Corvino, "we won't send Gomez and the babacar bonservissiz."
We will work to generate income.
We aim to at least 15 million euros from the sale of the two players.
"But it won't be easy," he said.
On the staff of popular Rihanna movie
The ocean's most important film in Hollywood again confront the viewer with some of the names from the popular series.
Ring in the new staff of the series world-famous Barbadian singer Rihanna, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling, and Helena Bonham Carter also participated in the discussions and their names will be announced in the coming days, Sandra Bullock and Kate Blanchett assured that it will be in the movie.
After 2 months of shooting starts
The shooting of the film, ocean's eleven a team of players with the invariable of woman in New York is scheduled to begin in the month of October.
The producer of the film, as we know from the previous films in the series, while Steven Soderbergh has played the director's chair Gary Ross with writer Olivia Milch the story of film will sit.
Britain when he turned six, callum Skinner Scott flies home
The Highlander trio callum Skinner Great Britain London 2012 team, while retaining their title in Rio, Victory in the men's race at the race track last night and ran.
Glaswegian, 23-year-old racer, and this young took on the task of leading Scotland hoy adopted by Sir Chris, appreciated New Zealand's clothing returned in triumph to the house with this myth are proud.
Hoy Olympic gold six-five-four years ago at the event, took the British a shock victory.
Although retired and hoy held in London in the month of March, the World Championships by finishing in sixth place in the race, it reaffirmed.
The problem between Beijing and London, the expert's starting pitcher Jamie staff was changing.
That's exactly what Hindes did arise.
Kian Emadi and Matt in the retirement of hoy crampton of trying to fill a space created.
Skinner had anticipated the potential that he has done coaches Scot and British no longer had to give up.
Four years ago, with the champion Hoy Hindes, Kenny and Skinner broke the Olympic record in qualifying in the first round while New Zealand has set the record again.
The triple came out of Britain and to challenge for gold.
Hindes, is lagging behind a bit in its kind, although it lasted Skinner, and Kenny brought the team forward.
Hindes itself by using a larger vehicle to slow down, especially Kenny and Skinner's transformation was a change of tempo that allows you to keep a big part of this strategy.
Hoy, the BBC's expert commentator and Skinner followed them to the podium when they come over, Kenny and I caught the eye of hindes.
Glaswegian, 23-year-old Skinner said: "a comparison of this honour."
Just do my best and I'm here to announce my name.
We broke the Olympic record in the final and we beat the Champions of the world.
It was really incredible.
Couldn't be a better way to win it.
Hindes, London 2012, after winning victory after a bad start with the track that fell and Jenny Hoy deliberately confessed.
These comments are then responded to and there was a method in making demands of Britain's competitors.
This time, there wasn't such a problem for an incredible victory.
Hindes said: "along with the flags of Great Britain in the stands like it was like we were all in London."
We are a team that was founded just three months ago.
Too much world and therefore we lost the race re-won it's a really amazing feeling to be in the Olympics.
Both Beijing and in London winning seven of 10 races this is a nation with only one event for a medal.
If this is a criterion of the progress we have made in the last five months, five more days will pass successfully on the race track are waiting for us.
Adopt attitude of winning three golds in a single Olympics hoy Kenny's record shows that the repeated dream so it's not impossible.
This is exactly 12 years younger who was born 23 March from hoy and (at the same time, Steve Redgrave, Roger Bannister and Mo Farah's birthday today, which is sacred history, the history of British sport) Kenny's six gold medals and one silver medal will mean to reach.
This means the same level with Hoy.
Kenny, after that, the race will be a sprint race will start today and will last three days.
28-year-old Boltonlu said: "Just for now I'm enjoying it.
Always the best events team events are happening.
You can win with your friends.
To be honest, when alone, you get lonely.
Hindes said: "if he wins two gold medals himself, he should be given a knighthood."
This is just today's medal, although there effectiveness is good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull four males, Four-Mile team finished first in the ranking in the race.
Track 3:51.943 completed in time.
London 2012 gold medal winner set a world record 3:51.659.
The first and the final round (22:42) today is sure to attract all the attention and Wiggins will be determined in the second chapter.
Qualifying yesterday ahead of the authorities to measure the length of the staff called him when he lived in a dispute with.
The women's event Laura trott continue tomorrow and will be completed at about which, Chand Joanna Rowsell, Katie Archibald and Eleanor Barker milngavie from 4:13.260 reached a world record for a period of time.
Great Britain Team take the reins in the middle period of the Olympic Games to win medals and many rely on strong a cycling team.
After a demonstration of the great superiority in Beijing and London, Rio expectations are quite reduced.
In the background, coach Shane Sutton and the resignation due to accusations of sexism and bullying in the month of April Hoy and Victoria Pendleton, there has been the retirement of many, including such famous names as a bad development.
However, the first night of racing at the track about the excellent reputation of Great Britain shows his epic again this time finishing in time will be able to prove.
The future of the energy agreement with the cancellation of the Portland smelter questionable
The Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria and the future of the work of hundreds of workers, the facility of an energy company that provides energy to all procurement contracts in order to lead to the cancellation of a supply of one of the owners of the facility announced after the termination of the contract fell into uncertainty.
The move in the direction of the Victorian government for subsidies to keep working at earlier this year are not exceeded after the decision emerged.
20-year fixed-expires in November duration of the subsidy.
Business until 2000 at Alcoa's Portland facility may be at risk.
Any shutdown operation, may cause, directly or indirectly at risk to enter to work until 2000.
The Victoria's smelter consumed about 10 percent of all electricity, and for additional chaining effects may also occur.
In 2014, Alcoa Point Henry smelter and anglesea power plant led to the closure of this closed last year.
Alcoa's Portland smelter are losing money and face the risk of closure.
Initially these developments strengthening of the Australian dollar and recently the facility's consumption based on the costs of the facility for a few years in the wake of speculation for the future has emerged.
A large aluminium smelter in the latrobe Valley Loy Yang A to AGL providing energy from the power plant, the three other owners also stated that it expects to move in the direction of terminate their contracts.
A joint venture of Alcoa and alumina vast majority of property and China's CITIC, Marubeni Corp, Japan's companies will receive smaller shares.
"AGL, Portland expects to continue to operate the facility; this means that physical smelter electricity demand will continue," he said.
AGL, contracts that should take effect from November 2016 onwards "balancing risk contracts, it was claimed.
Termination of contracts will be completed in 2017, because it is a period of 12 months.
Energy Company, "therefore, AGL contracts in the financial year 2017 will continue to expect to contribute," he said.
Which may be incurred in the fiscal year after 2018 AGL the effects of earning potential in the current situation, to adopt the stance of a strong wholesale electricity prices for a futures contract is limited.
AGL, "expected termination" of the value of contracts fell by $ 187 million due in advance on accounts stated.
Alcoa, the decision on the termination of the contract "supply electricity to Alcoa's smelter or the smelter plant does not affect the ability to provide", he said.
In 2010, the U.S. company a 20-year contract signed; the agreement was supposed to take effect in the month of November of this year but withdrawn from the contract that he has not yet explained.
Analysts, both of the Portland smelter in Victoria due to economic difficulties in the property sector near Newcastle and Tobago vigilant against the possibility of closing.
Responding to analysts at the beginning of this week AGL Stephen mikkels responsible for the operations of Portland each year, approximately 600 megawatts, 900 megawatts of energy uses tomago said.
Both of these facilities in case of withdrawal from the market of the [electricity] market will cause the demand to fall at a significant rate.
And as the manufacturer, this is not a good development for us," he said.
Just not the Star of the TV show Kardashian; Kendall, on the cover of the September edition of Vogue
Model and the Administrator's mother, Kris Kardashian-Jenner group, the fourth daughter, Kendall Jenner (20), on the cover of the eagerly anticipated September edition of Vogue us.
Estee Lauder is the brand Ambassador of Milan, Paris and New York Fashion Week Kendall, who in triumph, news of the day from Instagram account announced this Thursday.
Kendall "in a room filled with the people I love I cried when I look at this cover," he wrote.
After the announcement of the lid, all the Kardashian-Jenner family (Rob and caitlyn at the bar and everyone's favorite Troublemaker from the world of show producer Ryan Seacrest keeping up uncle weird) (or just keeping up with all the program-specific), scripted reality, a video was released; the cover of a classic ending in the video her sister who forget the family later wrote: they were actually planning a surprise party.
Almost all children's television programs each of this "birthday" section of the cliche story line (though the sincerity of Seacrest at 8 a.m. with a cartoon rabbit, "you think we forgot did you?" he says), Kris, in a way the other girls included in this promotion.
With this development we have entered a new period of Vogue in the September issue of Kardashian.
Kendall's sister Kim on a date can be passed to her on the cover of Vogue (the cover in April 2014 his wife, he was sharing with Kanye West), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue of Vogue, was the number of the best selling of the year.
With a thickness reminiscent of a fashion magazine too much from a coffee table book, this number attracted the attention of many advertisers (Fashionista, last year's 832-page 615 of the skin % it has been found that advertising content).
Unveiling the cover Star is also a process closely monitored; the pictures of the magazine for the past two years, it was leaked before the official announcement.
Among women previously the cover which is placed on Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss in the lobby.
In recent years, on the cover of "famous models" many "model celebrities" are featured in.
Oscar-winning Dior Ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was featured on the cover in 2013, this honor next year, Lady Gaga mentioned.
However, his generation by the magazine as "a shining model" even if Mrs. Jenner is defined as the previous category to be taken of the environment can be said to be fairly good.
This celebrities, reality show stars or better Snapchat a video of famous people or relatives who knows how to attract today's youth, though it's not (Jenner all of them).
All of this is the ability of legitimate prominent women in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce on the cover last year, lemonade with the output of one of the best times of his career.
Of course everyone is not satisfied with the success of Jenner.
Because of history, reality show, Jenner always will be annoying the location in the fashion world.
In the month of June, the original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour, criticizing Jenner and Gigi Hadid his colleague called them "slut time".
Jenner appeared on the cover of Vogue when this idea surfaced again with the news that she would be.
However, the focus seems misplaced dissatisfaction.
Kendall Jenner, on the cover of the September edition of Vogue.
Literally a super model itself.
Marc Jacobs himself is going to the fashion show.
Estee Lauder Foundation is having you.
Herself, her sisters selling their paintings along with your payment in walled applications.
Love the pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter is selling magazine who was taking pictures.
And in his spare time, maybe just to see sister kourtney and her kids is taking part in a reality show on television.
It reverses every year 160,000 people social legal support centers
The impact of more funding cuts to the sector as it prepares for operations currently enforced, the most vulnerable segments of the nation over 160.000 people are getting legal support from the centre bounced back from social.
In Queensland, three in five people (mostly the elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence and those who do not have a source that will struggle with unfair eviction decisions, and so on) to be turned away when seeking free legal advice and representation.
The social possibilities are exhausted, legal support services are preparing for more cuts.
From the month of June next year this Legal Support Centers are scheduled to be deprived of federal funding of more than 30 per cent.
The Queensland social legal support of the centre Director, James Farrell, of the National Association of community legal aid centers in the last Census report, each year, thousands of people turned away was not detected in the reported.
Mr. Farrell is not the situation in case of a reversal of the decision the federal government said it would get a lot worse.
"Queensland's social, legal support centers that receive inadequate financial support of thousands of people with chronic needs in a manner of being made to vital services, the means," he said.
In violent relationships, power management, and low back that broke with the forces who fought the people, separation of families and workers who had been unfairly dismissed in the process of encountering problems with legal aspects according to this report, and all of them can't get the help they need.
June 2017 onwards 30 percent cut in funding from the federal government at a rate that will help thousands of vulnerable residents with legal issues in Queensland the situation is more complex means that were forced to cope without.
When confronted with a legal problem people the support they need in order to receive this funding the Minister of Justice and Queensland Senator George brandis we urge you to immediately withhold and withdraw.
Last year, the government removing legal aid national average level of funding in the direction of the promise was fulfilled.
Social and legal support centers with the communities they serve Paraszczuk now go to the government we should look to invest in this important work.
The claim that you pulled a gun on staff after Donald Trump's campaign team was sued
New York: Donald Trump's campaign team, the Director of operations of North Carolina in the month of February while touring with the chip pulled a gun on an employee after being told that was sued because of the accusation that it has failed to take any action.
Case's campaign team on Wednesday, the day the state filed in state court by trainer Vincent bordin filling in older software was announced.
Bordin filling, expects to have the situation taken care of from the inside for months, but then the "That's not gonna happen," the notice stated.
Bordini as noted in the complaint, the Director, Philip Earl "pulled out a gun, put your finger right index on the trigger and the barrel on his knee, he put Vincent".
According to the complaint, complained to local and regional campaign team leaders bordin filling after Phillip has learned that at least four people with the same experience than you.
Bordin filling in the complaint "to the damage of fire weapons you don't need to," he said.
The lawsuit, Republican presidential candidate in North Carolina crowd "the people of the second amendment" (gun owners and gun supporters seem to have (as) his opponent, Hillary Clinton can be brought into action if they choose their own judges of the election and caused outrage by saying that the second day after it opened.
Trump's campaign team, the media and violence outside of the context of these words has stated that it does not support itself.
Bordin filling, with complaints, surveillance, due to the negligence of the campaign team and is seeking compensation for assault and battery because of Phillip and moral hazard.
Hope Hicks Trump's spokesman, didn't return to the message you want to comment quickly.
Phillip's efforts to reach out have been unsuccessful.
A local news affiliate in Charlotte, WCB, Phillip recently left the campaign says.
Consulting services innovative consulting company was swift to return calls made to himself.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is running a campaign that creates controversy.
Bordin Filling, Donald J. Trump For President Inc. 16-CS-14300 case, the general Court of Justice, the High Court of Feb, Accident, Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
"FETO"cuyu turn in" line
President Erdogan Feto "everyone may not know Intelligence, Safety may not know, that the report" mit and feto Safety hotline established after the call Maker.
After the coup attempt on 15 July, thousands of institutions that hides itself when thrown a chain feto "hidden cemaatci" detection for initiating new applications.
Study was under President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has stressed the importance of citizen notification in combating feto would have done it "That your friends can be your friends from the community, I say expose them."
You need to report to the DA's office.
This is a patriotic duty.
"Everyone's intelligence may not know or may not know may not make it to see the safety guys are getting away," he said.
The studies within the scope of Home Affairs, Directorate General of the Ministry and the National Intelligence organization (MIT) report by the online application is started.
Accordingly, the citizen feto around to those who have served know that the activities of the organization, the institutions which belong to the organisation thanks to this application, may forward the safety and Mite.
www.egm.gov.tr/sayfalar/ihbar, www.mit.gov.tr/katkiniz through links to the service offered in the form of people who will turn this information will be kept confidential.
In turn, the General Directorate of security offered by those who want to be able to add in the application document.
The informant will be made in the same application if he wishes to return to him.
Citizen, "155 police' phone line, they could have called it in as this will be able to inform savciliklari in provinces and districts Republican.
Inspiring from the basement, Sivas 'sample' did
Cankoy Sivas Narcolepsy county, in cooperation with local authorities and charitable businessman 'sample village'.
Asfaltlanip paths, paving stones, laid all the houses in the village to the curb, taking the example of Bodrum district in Mugla province, was painted in blue and white colors.
Narcolepsy governorship of the village connected to the county in order to improve the quality of life and the image of the sample villages, the project has been prepared.
In this context, the sample villages in the district center is 12 miles away, 66-digit Cankoy was elected.
Sheep paths asfaltlanar services infrastructure and superstructure increased, the sidewalk was covered with paving stones.
Village houses with different color tones from each other with Pelit Bakery owner, a businessman, with the support of selahattin notables were stained.
Buildings painted in all colors of the image became white, and blue sheep.
BASEMENT WAS MODELED
Providing information about the study of narcolepsy Governor Erkan Jesus Recruit, to be a role model for the other villages to sign for this project, noting that they are preparing a study, he said: "the village make it look more modern, the houses all of one color was to be a part of our project."
We started this project we looked for a place where we can take the example of getting.
When we went to the basement, the houses painted white and blue, drew our attention to the windowed image.
We also have the positive effect on the cleanliness of white and the people due to let's take the example of the basement we wanted to.
By doing our work cankoy we painted all the houses in white and blue colors.
This study was collaboration and philanthropic state.
The project cost approximately 200 thousand pounds.
We study in Sivas cankoy was like a small basement.
We work with the support of our businessmen, we have this type of and again, we want to maintain our budget.
Cankoy Headman 66-year-old Abdullah Majid has said that if the support of the Governorate in the village with a brand new image.
Macit sample, indicating that the people of the village are happy being put themselves and thanked everyone who contributed.
Drug bust in coils
Organized by the gendarmerie teams in the district of Sivas Kangal, 7 people were arrested in a drug bust.
Çetinkaya connected to the county Borough who work in the gendarmerie teams in their search with the help of a narcotics detector dogs 600 grams cannabis, drug, pills 49, 1 rifle and 1 pistol to get spent.
7 people were taken into custody in relation to the collected material, when the criminal process is started.
FETO in Jerusalem/PCM 4 In case the goods were confiscated with the person laughing
Fethullahc a terrorist organization in Adana/yapilanmasi parallel state (FETO/PCM) zoning 2nd high Criminal Court with the claim that they provide gain by doing corruption and who escaped tried fethullah gülen, Ömer Ekinci, Cemal and Kemal Elibal the result of the seizure of all the assets we have, it was decided to set returned.
Adana security Directorate held 15 May 2015, a report, in 2012, the Metropolitan municipality Deputy Chairman of the mind by fraud, corruption and indifferent administration of the reconstruction plan of the lands that belong to the University community with known ties to the gülen legal although it is not the decision of the Council will be translated into residential areas, and the congregation pays the annuity amounts it was claimed that to reach 150 million TL.
The result of the investigation launched in turn onto the mind Indifferent, Ferat Yuksel, Mustafa Vural, Hasan's former president Muammar hardworking, Adana Commodity Exchange and Long was arrested.
Fethullah gulen, including the deputy mayor of Adana Metropolitan municipality and the old mind 5. the accused detainee prompt with prison sentences of 17 years to about 5-35 2nd high Criminal Court reopened the case.
Refuses to accept the charges all the defendants arrest all the accused in the last hearing of the case when judicial control to ban and abroad were evacuated.
THE ASSETS WERE CONFISCATED
The court a number of cases the defendant fethullah gülen, who escaped with Omar Ekinci, Cemal and Kemal Elibal Result, took the decision to arrest, capture.
However, the fugitive who come to hearings uncaught and 4 for the defendant, the court decided that the operation would be made illegal.
Upon this, the Court of rights in a foreign country for the purpose of ensuring that the case remains inconclusive because they couldn't make them and for this reason fethullah gülen who was in a runaway situation, Omar Ekinci, Cemal and Kemal Elibal we have returned a result set of the Code of Criminal Procedure (cmk), in accordance 278/1 confiscated all assets to be decided.
This decision of the court in Turkey accused escaped with immovable property belonging to land, sea and air vehicles, all kinds of rights and receivables, commercial paper, shares of the company where the partner is located, and had frozen the bank accounts are safe.
Arslan captured with turban MLCP member arrested
While trying to escape through the back door of the restaurant where you eat in Aksaray police squads captured by a terrorist organization MLCP member Teresa Armstrong, the query then it was removed by the court in Jerusalem he was arrested.
Although he was unrecognizable wearing the hijab, went to the courthouse with slogans.
Adana police Directorate anti-terror branch offices connected to and intelligence teams to capture 3 separate charges of membership of a terrorist organisation in the decision about Ahmet Arslan, determined to go to Aksaray.
Ahmet Arslan Adana Aksaray police department to capture police contacted instructed.
Acting on instruction, Ahmet Arslan Aksaray police spotted eating at a restaurant wearing the hijab to avoid detection.
Teams when entering the restaurant, Arslan, who realized that the police are coming, run toward the back door he wanted to.
Serpil Arslan out the back door, Aksaray Branch of the police department was caught by the team JUL.
Serpil Arslan Adana police department were referred to court then query.
Ahmet Arslan brought to the forensic medicine Department for health inspection, slogan wanted to throw.
The police tried to stop her from shouting a woman over the lion's mouth.
Although he was taken to the courthouse, was arrested and sent to prison.
12 judges and prosecutors in Antalya detained 24 people
FETO in Antalya/PCM including judges and prosecutors as part of investigation 24 12 persons were detained.
Antalya security Directorate of anti-smuggling and fight against organised crime teams, Feb, 15 12 issued the decision about detention of judges and prosecutors detained them.
The work continues for the capture of the other 3 judges and prosecutors.
Among those detained include the chief Public Prosecutor Hasan şahin sarıoğlu akseki.
Within the scope of the investigation issued the decision in the kumluca district of the 24 people who capture about 12% were detained.
Of the suspects arrested are teachers in the schools, it was announced that businessman and feto closed.
Other under investigation to the arrest of 12 people is working.
Gülen's nephew was arrested in Erzurum
Fethullahc a terrorist organization detained by the police in Erzurum (FETO) fetullah gülen, Abdullah's nephew, a new inscription, we identified the ringleader was arrested.
Security Directorate anti-terror branch Directorate teams in the operation on the day of the coup attempt of August 9, fethullah gülen, Abdullah's nephew detained as part of the investigation, we identified a new inscription after the completion of the statement, were referred to court yesterday in the evening hours.
Fethullah gülen's sister, the Son of Abdullah who is the owner of a private foreign language school, and we identified a new inscription, then query the DA's office with a request for the arrest of the magistrates ' hakimligi were dispatched to.
The court korucuk Abdullah, 'FETO a member of a terrorist organisation' arrested on charges and sent to prison.
Police martyrs 1, 2 PKK members were killed
Nusaybin in conflict: police martyrs 1, 2 PKK members were killed
A police vehicle patrol in Mardin's nusaybin province 1 police officer was killed by PKK terrorists who fire.
Clash 2 PKK members have been killed.
Selahattin eyyubi in the quarter of the county is located on 27 May street, in the barracks near the mosque a police vehicle patrol was fired upon by PKK terrorists who today 07.00 hours.
1 police officer was killed in the attack in the vehicle.
Shipped on the perimeter surrounding the scene police teams prevented the escape of PKK terrorists.
2 clash with terrorist weapons have been killed.
Security forces operation continues in the region.
Police in nusaybin a martyr
Fire by the PKK in Mardin's nusaybin province of a police vehicle patrol 1 police officer who was killed.
2 PKK members were killed in the conflict.
Nusaybin district of Mardin province prohibited in non-salahaddin eyyubi Mosque near the barracks, who patrol the quarter on the street today May 27 at 0700 hours in the morning a police vehicle was attacked by the PKK.
The PKK ambushed a police patrol passing volley into a car in the alley.
1 police officer killed in the vehicle opened fire first, while numerous special operations police on the scene was referred to.
The winter Mosque and the surrounding area that surrounds the conflict between the PKK and the security forces along with their weapons 2 PKK were killed.
Continued operation in the region.
The fair Piper's father-in-law was free from judicial control
Feto a terrorist organization's 'Air Force Imam' akyazı district of Sakarya sitting in the orphans ' fair, the Father-in-law who is a doctor with the requirement of judicial control Cevat Yildirim wife, Khadija, was released with lightning.
After the coup attempt, the Raiders captured at Air Force Base Asst. Dr. Fair was released in the courthouse where the orphan was shipped and the search continues.
Akyazı district of Sakarya sitting in the Piper's last fair two years ago, the Father-in-law with Lightning was detected by Cevat.
Piper's fair "34 49 Secret" a car with plates-in-law's house was found in the garage.
His wife Khadija was detained with lightning lightning yesterday cevat within the scope of the investigation.
Cevat Yildirim with his wife, Khadija, were referred to the Court of lightning.
Cevat Yildirim in court with the requirement of judicial control has resulted in the night time hours wife, Khadija, was released with lightning.
The control entity of the Fund discussed the re-Commission
The funds are expected to be among the world's largest Turkey, which is the entity of the law over the objections of the Fund was removed from the bag quietly.
Due to the lack of an audit mechanism of the fund, it was decided to review it again before the Commission was discussed but no changes are made in.
Entity Fund legislation that brought the AKP, Turkey sozcu.com.tr'ye on the utku cakirozer to rate the planning and budget Commission CHP deputy and a member of the "employees of publicly owned assets to be taken from worker pension cuts, the necessity for the unemployed unemployment funds collected will consist of the structure that we are strictly against to be excluded from constitutional control mechanisms," he said.
Turkey's investments and projects prepared to provide long term funding for the government Entity to fund the bill, the opposition was removed from the opinion that the law should also be discussed Tuesday day bag.
However, the AKP has once again been brought to the Commission budget plan and offer the same way today.
Utku Cakirozer a member of the parliamentary planning and budget Commission CHP Eskişehir Deputy, anxiety and concerns about the law the CHP Fund asset bid sozcu.com.tr'ye told me.
Cakirozer, "the establishment of this fund in the omnibus bill when it comes to the planning and budget Commission CHP former Finance Minister Zekeriya Temizel, who was the head of the Delegation, expressed his concerns and our concerns, also discussed in detail the Law of offer to be proposed to be removed from this bag."
We accept this view that the government withdrew the bill.
The bill came to the Commission yesterday again the same way.
"The government seems to insist on the removal from the assembly within a week," he said.
The emergence of a consensus about the law that must be cakirozer asset Fund stating, "our biggest concern Us in this bill, uh."
"Publicly owned assets that are to be taken from the labourers the necessity of pension cuts to employees, the unemployed collected unemployment for the Fund will come from the revenues from privatisation, the Parliament and the Court of Auditors does not have any responsibility outside of the control of dirty and a structure that is being transferred.
The establishment of such funds in Russia, China and Gulf countries oil revenues and the surplus from trade is financed in this way indicating that the funds Cakirozer, "however, the savings deficit in the US."
So, from public sources of funding will consist of the public's money.
The unemployment Fund will total 100 billion, 100 billion of private pension funds to employees is made with privatisation transferred money is scheduled to be 50 billion.
"So that will occur completely on the public's dime Fund, and this money should be spent irresponsibly is not necessarily to be in public control," he said.
Where state resources are gathered, the borrowing state-owned assets shown in keeping the collateral of a fund outside the control of the Council, emphasizing that it is unacceptable Cakirozer, the asset Fund law concerns and concerns about the proposal explained:
This is a big public presence of the collection, expenditure, and business processes relating to borclanilm on behalf of the public, independent auditing cannot be solved with only the control of the company.
You need a transparent structure and not necessarily having control of the public.
The law proposal in, the entity's Constitutional provisions on control and transparency by the authorities of the Fund.
A limitation on how much resources to be transferred have not been met.
These funds are used to account for how he could ask no one.
As for the financing of large projects the objective of the Fund is credited.
You don't need to establish a fund outside the budget for it unsupervised.
Why don't we get into the budget?
When that happens, naturally our minds, "Why is the move from the control of the Court of auditors and Parliament? "the question comes".
The money accumulated in the investments of the Fund assets being transferred to they are not against, but non-transparent, unaccountable mechanisms are made stating that they are against the fact that Cakirozer continued: "there is a need for such a fund can't be discussed."
But if the government insist on it, then such investment funds in other countries is the establishment of international standards in Turkey, we have to ensure that current current.
Control and accountability mechanisms should be structured in a way that was necessarily brought.
There will not be signs on, the citizen will have to account for every penny of his own money in a way that the account must be set up.
The entity of the law received by the Commission in the proposal of the Fund, underlining that they are absolutely opposed Cakirozer, "the AKP, especially after the July 15 coup attempt in the assembly that are listening to our criticism, we're glad."
In this proposal the AKP's constructive criticism I hope it will give our ear.
Rules to be used as national assets, transfer, despite the lack of public control and those who use it is irresponsible.
"The requested entity is the Fund, however, may be useful if these concerns are resolved," he said.
Incoming law upon the proposal of the AKP and the opposition were made to work for achieving consensus between reported.
"The investments we made are a sign of our confidence in Turkey"
Speaking at a meeting in Istanbul, Ali KOC Chairman of the Board of Ford otomotiv's management, "we've done in the last 5 years of the 30 billion investment underscores our confidence in the country's future," he said.
Deputy Chairman of the koç holding Board Chairman Ali KOC and Management Board of Ford otomotiv with numerous foreign capital company manager, Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) organized by "relying on Turkey, the ones in Turkey" meeting on met.
Speaking at the meeting, Ali KOC, "our faith and our trust with our partners in the country, he's not saying it in words alone, we're filling it with our investments and our actions."
We've done in the last 5 years of the 30 billion investment underscores our confidence in the country's future.
Essential considerations for Turkey to attract more foreign investment; reliable and fair legal system, with international standards of democracy, skilled workforce and R & D, innovation, entrepreneurship and an ecosystem that promotes the added value.
In the last few years, our government and our industry the most comprehensive in the history of our republic incentives offered.
"I believe we need a new and holistic strategies with these incentives "Investment hamlesi we will be able to start," he said.
Chairman of the Board and CEO of Siemens Industry and Trade of Turkey with the arrival of Hussein, "is no longer just one country's problem is not global players, as we know it."
Turkey, a long-term perspective, we came up with.
In unity if we are not necessarily our problems are solved.
We can be the one who 160 years ago in Turkey we were able to bring to this land.
We will continue to be found in this area in Turkey.
"Of course we're going to set up a factory, but should be open our horizons in this area," he said.
Shell Turkey country Chairman Ahmet Erdem, one of the 10 countries is a priority for them, stating that "Turkey is a priority for shell, one of the 10 countries."
We wholeheartedly believe in Turkey's potential and future.
We have invested and we are continuing to do so in many areas, primarily energy.
Our President, our prime minister for his work in supporting international and our investors Thank you.
Giving confidence to international investors are carried out.
"This is the direction that will improve the competitiveness of our country."
Sandoz/Novartis, the President of Turkey and Middle East region, Dr. Altan Demirdere, "the global CEO would come to Turkey on 10 August."
However, the trip was postponed.
We also went against it.
Because the arrival of the CEO was very important.
Bulletproof car, have filed requests for protection.
Then when you get here and saw that everything was normal.
The guards and he stopped the car and happily returned to the country.
To invest in a country, it's like a marriage.
I would talk about first, if all goes well, get engaged, and making long-term plans to marry.
We also have no intention to divorce and are married with Turkey.
We have returned from the brink of the cliff!
Prime Minister binali Yildirim held by the chamber at the Swiss Hotel in Istanbul, Turkey", relying on the ones in Turkey" addressed to businessmen participating in a consultation meeting by teleconference.
Who stated that Turkey's comparative advantage sector is the industrial sector that will ensure the Prime Minister Yıldırım, "the industrial sector" the process of transition to industry 4.0, we should miss."
"High added value, and 2023 targets of our country if we care about capturing the locomotive, industrial revolution, Information Technology revolution and that we need to accomplish," he said.
On the night of 15th July in Turkey returned from the brink of a great precipice, she said, the Prime Minister Yıldırım, "those who make attempts at the future of our country, those who are trying to destroy democracy, bombing bastards if you even hesitate if they could succeed our veterans of the Council, today we were talking another Turkey."
Impact management possessed the National will, and slipped out of the league of the world's developing nations has been eliminated, 3. we were supposed to talk Turkey among the countries of the world.
"Thank God, the wisdom of our nation, our general, our president, Mr. Recep Tayyip erdoğan defettik by the determination of our government and the wisdom of this trouble," he said.
Prime Minister yıldırım said: "We're gonna go quickly from the effects of this incident and move forward."
It is not correct to never live with a steady pulse.
We have very ambitious goals in front of us.
This coup attempt didn't shake the Turkish economy.
Waiting for Chaos and crisis, once again he was wrong.
Today, our economy and our democracy still intact.
Our banking sector, the financial sector continues to work in a healthy way.
In 2015, the foreign trade deficit seems to have fallen by 25 percent.
The current account deficit to GDP ratio was 5.8 percent in 2014, while in 2015 this rate is 4,5 percent.
At the end of this year to 4% We aim to reduce.
We will not change our stance on public finances never tight.
More on the 2016 budget of the national income of 130 countries took place in Turkey.
A budget deficit of 11 percent in 2015 and 1.3 per cent to national income ratio we have reduced the level of those rates and we strive to maintain.
Public debt in the EU, many countries of the world in a better situation than we are.
The financial sector continues to work on a solid foundation of banking.
"Our central bank, July 15, despite the foreign currency market didn't have to export, and any reduction in the reserves is out of the question, we have Gross reserves of more than $ 121 billion," he said.
The development of the economy, increase production and the generation of new employment relays that they provide every convenience for the Prime Minister Yıldırım, "we are making extensive arrangements to recover from the burden of the past also."
Amnesty for unpaid tax debts of more stock to keep safe and re-installment until I got to a convenience brought many regulations we have implemented, we have to continue.
"You continue to produce for the country, continue to rely on your country, your government will continue to remove the obstacles one by one in front of you."
Hakan şükür's father was rushed to the hospital with high sugar
FETO conducted in Sakarya/PCM Hakan detained as part of operation record for a terrorist organization"s father thanks cermet, was hospitalized as a result of the increase of sugar during the interview.
Sakarya Prosecutor General's Office of the Republic of 15 July in the aftermath of the coup attempt by FETO/PCM record under former national footballer and his father launched an operation against the terrorist organization cermet thank Hakan about last night to capture were removed.
Hakan sükür in adapazari's father was detained at the exit of Friday prayer today thank cermet, the query was taken to the hospital fenalasara while it lasts.
God's treatment of hospitalised as a result of the increase of sugar Cermet Sakarya training and research hospital continues.
It does not break from the West and Turkey from the European Union doesn't stop
Mehmet simsek, Turkey from the west, it does not break, doesn't stop from the European Union
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet simsek, science, industry and technology Minister faruk Concise, Economy Minister Nihat zeybekci Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) organized by "relying on Turkey, the ones in Turkey" attended the meeting.
Speaking at the meeting, science, industry and technology Minister faruk Concise, "and many of the developments in its aftermath on the night of 15th July I think it's a good result."
Currently, the most important of these is undoubtedly deeply felt spirit of unity of the whole of Turkey.
The unstable dynamics of the Turkish economy on July 15 the process of how you internalize the democracy of the community that has showed.
"Economy and democracy and democracy in a society which has achieved this level for the next process better, it is clear that it will go easier and faster," he said.
"TURKEY NEED TO GET RID OF THIS BOREDOM."
Faruk July 15, from concise from the podium to tell the world they were forced Economy Minister Nihat zeybekci, who said the coup attempt, the government mobilized on this issue, he said.
Zeybekci also mentioned by the banks initiated interest rate cuts in the last period "me the first five hundred of the real sector of profits of 63.4% interest if we give all our jobs is going to this we should concentrate on our power."
She's saying this over and over again for him, our President.
The real sector, banking system, Government, Politics, civilian politics of Turkish democracy after the revolution, this shows unity and togetherness in Turkey July 15, I need to get rid of boredom.
With that, we welcome the developments in the last period.
"Hopefully, in the coming period, with the encouragement of the President of the Bank initiated monthly point zero nine percent, eights down like this competition that started as economic management by supporting sustainability, continuity, and hopefully we will," he said.
"YESIL PASSPORT ORDER, WE'LL GIVE OUR EXPORTERS."
"We scoop the world in the coming period we will win," said Nihat zeybekci, "our President, our prime minister under the leadership of the country, so we couldn go in the world we're not leaving, we won't leave a stone unturned."
Contact related to an increase in our trade we didn't, we will not leave no one.
"We're not going to never ever overlook that; chasing a bird on a branch, we shall not be from a bird in the hand."
Zeybekci also be given by specifying exporters Yesil passport in later times, "that his law is one of the most recent decisions came out, we ended up currently at the Ministry of economy regulations; figures 17 to 20 thousand approximately as of our exporters around the first privileged to represent this country, our exporters Yesil passport, we'll give order to our exporters," he said.
"THEIR STATE FROM A COUP ATTEMPT IN NEEDS TO BE CLEANED"
Referring to Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet simsek declared outstanding after the coup attempt on 15 July, Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet simsek, the coup attempt of the 'nightmare' by the characterization "but that is behind us, now we need to look forward to," he said.
Lightning declared a state of Emergency for two simple reasons, said, "Of course those who attempted the coup that happened in this state don't needs to be cleaned and this process is in operation; but more importantly, never avoid this kind of coup attempts faced by serious administrative reforms are needed."
The need for this in a climate of administrative reform, declared a state of emergency was made in structural reforms, and so far very serious.
"We do all this while we, Of course, we moved within democratic principles and the rule of law, we will continue to."
Who stated that Lightning was back to normal in many areas of life, a part of the individuals concerned companies and the financing of terrorism is not the slightest reason to be stressed.
Turkey's democracy saglamlastig of voicing Lightning, "Turkey's democracy has been solidified because of the problems of the foundations of the recent past necessarily is when you look at the origins of the network involved in this treason, you will see that.
"Therefore, the terrorist organization from the state of clean, closing this period in Turkey, Turkey's democracy will strengthen," he said.
The foundations of the economy is generally robust, and the structural reform agenda stated that they had gone back to normal without losing any time Lightning, "Turkey has returned to the original agenda, and there has been progress in structural reforms."
Structural reforms qua non, because it is already in the world, populism, protectionism is on the rise.
"Only by doing that you can make preparation for the future reform in Turkey," he said.
Finally, from the West stressing that Turkey simsek, "Turkey from time to time, our Western allies, our friends may be in conflict with, but it does not break from the West and Turkey from the European Union doesn't stop."
From 25 meters he jumped into the sea and...
In Antalya, 17-year-old is the key to şamil tayyar, 'Eagle Hill' called when you jump from a 25-metre high cliffs into the sea, ended up in the hospital.
Şamil tayyar is the key to floating on Konyaalti Beach in the evening with friends, then the variant "at the bottom of Eagle Hill, known as" 25 metre high cliffs into the sea he jumped.
Şamil tayyar, who is the key to a professional swimmer"into the water the force of the impact hurt his neck.
At sea who have difficulty in moving the key, again, is a professional swimmer and were brought to shore by his colleagues.
The paramedics who arrived on the scene in turn, after the intervention Antalya education and research bayrakci şamil tayyar, the ambulance took me to hospital.
Bayrakci it was noted that there is the danger of the treatment received.
He's a friend of bayrakci giving a statement to the police, "Eagle Hill rushing from her neck, she was hurt as a reward for passing."
"We didn't see this coming," he said.
25 dead - the spokesman Newspaper
Cilvegozu border gate in reyhanli district of Hatay, located about 10 kilometers from Syria's Idlip province was shot down by regime aircraft wrap the settlements in the county.
Local sources the attack killed 25 people were reported wounded 40 people.
Cilvegözü border gate in the face of Syria's Bab-Al-Air near the border which are under the control of opponents of the regime in the town for lunch and in the evening, wrap by aircraft there have been 2 separate air attacks.
Local sources said that 25 people were killed air attack planes, and targeting residential areas.
The sound of explosions can be heard from where the attack was reported injured in reyhanli of 40 people while he was concerned would increase the death toll.
He chose a rock on President erdoğan's membership!
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the Turkish higher education Council (yök) H. Abdullah, Undersecretary of the Ministry of Finance chose the membership of the rock.
The presidency said in a statement, "our president, Mr. seyit Ahmet vacated due to the resignation of the head of Higher Education Committee, as a member of Higher Education Law 2547 Article 6 of b/H. Abdullah, Undersecretary of the Treasury under this Clause 1 have chosen Rock," the statement said.
On the other hand, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, No. 6735 "the International Labor act approved.
Presidential press center said in a statement, "No. 6735 "International Labour Law" by our president and first paragraph of Article 89 of the Constitution of the second paragraph of subparagraph 104 (a) were sent to the Prime Ministry to be published in accordance with," the statement said.
2 brothers died in the armed attack in kahta
ADIYAMAN"in the district of Kahta, in the car with a gun who was attacked 2 brothers, lost their lives.
The event, in the evening, Mustafa Kemal on the street occurred.
Towards the center County 39-year-old Karahan, Ramadan KH 839 02 plate car in the management, by an unidentified person with a gun opened fire.
The open fire in the management of another vehicle slamming into the knight who lost control of the car stopped.
During this time, the next 50 people that came in the car with the knight of Ramadan-year-old brother, Omar knight in succession to have been fired.
Knight brothers, was wounded and an intruder fled from the scene on a motorcycle.
Police and medical teams were dispatched on the scene in turn.
The wounded Knight brothers, Austin State Hospital, he was removed to the ambulance.
Ramazan ömer karahan and received treatment in the emergency room despite all the efforts of doctors could not be saved.
Care should be taken to the morgue for autopsy the bodies of two brothers, in which the incident occurred in the area CCTV Security Camera viewing capture by determining the identity of the attacker fleeing the police and started work.
You should expand Heathrow channeling the Olympic spirit and the British
Not only in our local communities and London Heathrow, will offer renewal and prosperity throughout the country.
We show all the games of nations and regions to benefit from this incredible effort in London 2012 Heathrow as it was also quite appealing.
Olympics, Stratford and the East End is a great advantage for provided.
Close to Heathrow and, by creating opportunities for local people and companies do we do this again.
Only 10,000 new internship opportunities for our local communities, around the airport will create new jobs and up to 40,000 unemployed young people we will not leave.
Prior to London 2012, as the struggle for the expansion of Heathrow will be those who think that it is far more challenging.
Britain never me Games can not be created and it was said that we will be infamous to the whole world.
In 2012, those who doubt to see he was wrong and they're wrong about Heathrow.
There will be always obstacles that need to be overcome, but Heathrow that answers all the questions asked.
It's not in the Olympics, Heathrow is also only a few people as it is, for many people, an infrastructure project.
Expansion in new jobs and 180,000 211 billion £ opportunity to create economic growth around the airport and many skills and the ability to work across both the United Kingdom and leaves.
From T5 at Heathrow (the world's best airport terminal for five years in a row selected) until T2, the two most intense in the world, 11 billion pounds worth of infrastructure investments to track on time and on budget in order to implement we have a great team.
Now, 16 billion pounds worth of private investment, supported by a third runway are ready to offer.
Heathrow expansion the London 2012 Games for the UK was a great success and I have no doubt it will.
This Heathrow's expansion by channelling the Olympic spirit, Britain and our commercial skills to secure our future and it's time to create job opportunities that many would be proud of.
Lord Paul deighton, London, and former Treasury Secretary Chairman of the Board of Directors commercial
Adblock Plus blocking ads on Facebook about "cat-and-Mouse Game it's like"
Make money from online advertising the company that makes blocking software ad blocking software for companies who attempts, according to one of the "cat-and-Mouse Game," is reminiscent of.
On the day of Thursday, only two days after the announcement that Facebook's desktop site would prevent ad blockers, Adblock Plus, users can filters to block ads on the social network published a blog post that tells you you can update.
Tuesday, the day Facebook ad blocker for the page to make it more difficult to detect that is part of the advertising, the ads stated that they would change the codes around.
However, now Adblock says she's got the new codes.
In a blog post, Adblock spokesman for Williams, "open source ad blocking with their community to prevent this back and forth struggle between employees prevent them advertising it takes from the moment it was invented," wrote Facebook recently and it is possible to produce its own solution.
In this struggle of the world's largest social media company, shows a major concern for the sector that had the AD blocker.
According to a study by pagefair and Adobe last year, over 200 million people globally, is using an ad blocker; this can Quadruple the number of people that use this type of software in 2013.
1,03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook from mobile devices now constitute 84 percent of Facebook's ad revenue with mobile ads.
According to a spokesperson, facebook and Instagram's Mobile Apps for social networking on mobile ad blockers is not effective because the AD blocker on the desktop after the company has fallen.
Facebook desktop ads still worth the investment such a move it must be the case that it will provide sufficient income.
Again Tuesday, on the day of Facebook people more control over the ads that are presented to them in order to "AD preferences" tool will update announced.
On the day of Thursday, Facebook, the new filter that is the concern of Adblock on the site claimed that it would block a portion of the advertising content.
A Facebook spokesman, said by e-mail, made a statement of "these people doesn't offer a good experience to deal with this problem and we plan to," he said.
Ad blockers are a blunt tool, in order to give control to the people therefore we are focused on creating tools such as Advertising preferences.
A woman running Swiss motorway entry; the event looks like suicide
The victim lay on the highway in the middle of the night.
In the event that you appear like a suicide by the police, the woman in the early hours of Thursday looking for people who testify to the impact of several vehicles on the highway.
The event occurred after midnight Thursday near Morges in the canton of Vaud in A1.
Vaud police said in a statement that the woman in the dark of night "hopelessly" and slept on the floor, and hit him a few tools, he said.
The urge to kill yourself, which is in the 49-year-old Swedish woman hit several vehicles including a truck.
Himself died at the scene.
Some of the drivers involved in the incident have been discussed with police that could not be detected but some of them stated that for them and asked them to contact everyone who is involved.
Hofstetter industry lawyer Gilles Le Tribune Geneve provide also "to be taken in situations like this "logical" step in a criminal investigation was opened," he said.
However, faced with the accusation will encounter any of the drivers involved are yet unknown.
Was able to avoid a collision?
The Prosecutor needs to identify that," he said, hofstetter industry.
Two similar cases within the past five years, indicating whether drivers should be held responsible.
In both cases in the paper (both contained one person in the dark on the highway), drive on the highway in the middle of the night it is normal for a pedestrian to wait to cross the street in the direction it's been decided.
Last year, a night in August 2014 A1 lying in the road near a guy who's slamming pioneer in caused due to the negligence of wrongful death in death of a police officer who was found not guilty.
In court, the 22-year-old victim was drunk and on the road it was said, had penetrated.
The court, the police officer who responds to an emergency call the agent of the fact that there's a guy on the road and use in a reasonable manner "totally unpredictable and exceptional situation" stated that it was.
If you have any information about this incident, which took place Thursday day near Morges, 021 644 44 44 or 46 83 021 644 phone to call the police.
NASA climate model: Venus was once suitable for you to live
The new NASA climate models according to the predictions there were not suitable conditions for life on Venus.
Scientists at the NASA Goddard Institute for space studies, climate scientists use a model to explore the history of Venus by using the same tools and algorithms developed.
Model, Venus, warm, water-free surface with the atmosphere of a world filled with CO2 and a host of similar conditions that was designed to determine whether.
Scientists, in the past, low rotational speed with a layer of thick atmosphere of Venus was explaining.
However, the most recent estimates of Venus is thin, and suggests that it could have an atmosphere like earth could still go slowly.
The model also ex-looked at the topography of Venus.
Although present in the dry zone more from the planet Earth, once with sufficient water to protect against rapid evaporation and geographic variability may have had.
Old Venus, a dim sun at a rate 30 percent more at the same time to benefit from.
GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio, in a news release, "the slow return of Venus in the giss model simulation every time for almost two months, it would allow to be pointed at the sun by day," he said.
This also acts as an umbrella that protects against solar warming of the surface by Heating the surface layers, forming a thick cloud that was turning into rain.
As a result, in the world today, since it is exposed to temperatures only a few degrees colder average climate.
Model, planetary scientists suggested evolution as a hypothesis for Venus is similar to a story that has helped create.
Every once conditions suitable for life, although Venus for a few billion years, and ultraviolet light was exposed to too much heat.
The oceans evaporated and the water vapor with ultraviolet ray was destroyed by fire.
Run out of hydrogen and carbon dioxide to the greenhouse effect of a thick atmosphere filled with only deadly; it was so today we know it as Venus.
New Venus climate researchers shared the results of the model articles in Geophysical Research.
Avalanche coach Patrick Roy resigned as
Patrick Roy, the team has not given the right to a say in the decision making process by expressing that Colorado avalanche coach and vice president of hockey operations has resigned on the day of Thursday.
Colorado Executive Vice President/General Manager, Joe Sakic, looking for a new coach would start immediately and the club confirmed this development, he said.
50-year-old Roy, the statement "for the past three years, as the Colorado avalanche head coach and vice president of hockey operations my energy, passion and determination I have fulfilled," he said.
Will be giving this team needed depth over the summer and how I could further improve to a higher level I could take off quite how I thought.
To achieve this, the coach and the VP of hockey operations is supposed to be in perfect harmony with the vision of the organization's vision.
In addition, the right to be heard in the decisions that affect the performance of the team is supposed to be.
In the present case, these conditions have not yet been met.
23 May 2013 adding to the team with Roy, Sakic, and Roy thanked him for his contribution to the team.
Sakic "Patrick informed me today made a decision," he said.
Thank him for everything he's done for our organization and we wish him the best of luck in the future.
Roy Jack Adams as the league's best coach in his first season with the Avalanche in 2013-14 received the award.
The club earned 112 points, and the team enabled us to finish first in the league, but Colorado was defeated Minnesota in the first round of the playoff era, and in both years post-season games he missed.
Avalanche, the second wildcard in the western conference in 2015-16 39-39-4 has passed and the target received less than five points for the field.
The hall of Fame goalie Roy, Montreal Canadiens Stanley cups with the avalanche, he won four for both both.
North Sea oil workers strike continues by suspending talks
The strike was suspended due to North Sea oil workers wage, and the chief negotiators began discussions for a new call type.
A strike against oilfield services company Wood Group Royal Dutch Shell-operated platforms in the North Sea is carried out gradually.
In a joint statement "the current dispute with the RMT Union for the resolution of the unit and the Wood Group as we decided to start the process again," the statement said.
In the next few weeks, to adopt a new perspective to the problems from the beginning of next week, all-day we will organize a series of meetings.
Labor unions, against wage cuts, which can be 30 percent of the protest stated that the first action in 25 years.
Wood Group this year due to the negative pressure in the market in the North Sea at a rate of approximately 9 percent cut in payments to contractors.
The company 10 percent reduction in this fee to the Contractor on the coast 2014 a price reduction after the process was applied.
The company has additional cuts, the downturn in the market would provide the space required for the transition from the company said.
Shell, British Energy Company BG Group is in the process of a merger with the order of operations when you put thousands of people laid off in the direction of the cessation of oil and gas operations in 10 countries and has announced plans.
Britain's decision to secede from the Union in June, European energy companies rioting due to low crude oil prices, which is economic situation altinad print.
A member of the Scottish Parliament, Dave Anderson, in consultation with the labor leaders at the beginning of the week will discuss one of the largest labor disputes in the North Sea.
As he himself said, the North Sea, is vital for the regional economy.
Itself, in a statement "the North Sea across the country for the majority not the minority and we need an efficient economy," he said.
As the average for the past five years, approximately $ 7 billion in spite of the investment, in 2016, new projects in the North Sea in a $ 1.4 billion less than expected to be invested.
Kepler in the constellation of the Pleiades stars, measured the speed of rotation of
The Kepler Space Telescope, astronomers in the constellation of the Pleiades stars with the last task in terms of the rotational speed of the most complete catalog helped to create.
New data astronomers why are stars in the constellation rotates at a variable speed and rotation period of a planet to an understanding of the formation helps to arrange.
The infrared processing and Analysis Center, Caltech in Pasadena, who is a research scientist at to Luisa, Redbull, in a news release, "our results compared with the star clusters a star mass, age, and we hope to learn even more about the relationship between the history of the solar system," he said.
The constellation Pleiades 445 light years away from Earth.
125 million years ago most of the stars in the constellation was formed, and the adult reaches the new level.
Throughout their lives, are rotating at the highest possible speed.
The peak rotational speed of stars in the stellar wind in this maturation stage, a large amount.
These winds in the magnetic field of the star as it progresses, the effect of refraction on the stars constitute.
As stars get older, the rate of return begins to fall.
Kepler, the speed of rotation of each Star is noticeable by monitoring the time between the appearance of bright spots sun spots measures.
The last catalog the speeds of rotation, that rotates faster than smaller stars, larger stars suggests.
Redbull, by associating with the stars dancer on one leg for a return of the great ones the small ones carried out in a manner slower than stated.
Redbull, "Pleiades 'ballet' returnees are much more slow heavy fast, so light to the stars, we see the returnees," he said."
The constellation Pleiades is very close to a star because the rotational speed serves as a cosmic laboratory for the comparison of the ideal with the features.
Redbull "the return of the Pleiades constellation of stars in both directions as provides theoretical models for young and old," he said.
The rotational speed of the stars of how, when, and why it fell, the expression 'dancing shoes' we want to know about why there's so much left in a corner.
Redbull and colleagues about the constellation Pleiades, the most recent analysis of the speed of rotation that will be published in the Journal of astronomy in a short time the new article is explained in detail in three.
