The prime ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi makes his first major overseas visit since his election victory in May of his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Toko to discuss economic and security relations.
Mr Modi is located on a five-day trip to Japan to strengthen the economic ties with the third largest economy in the world.
There are plans for a stronger nuclear cooperation at the top of the agenda.
According to reports, India also hopes for an agreement on defence cooperation between the two nations.
Police arrested a 20-year-olds from arguably one after fast motorcycle chase
A motorcycle was confiscated after the driver with 125 km/h in a 70km/h zone and had driven through bushland, to escape the police in Bilbara.
Traffic police in arguably one this morning attempted to stop a blue motorcycle, having watched it as it left with 125 km/h en date a petrol station on the road.
The police reported that the driver ignored the signal and then continue on Burgess Road, before abbog into the bushland, where officers lost sight of it.
The motorbike and a person who matched the description of the driver were later seen at a house in Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
The police of arguably one a 20-year-old man accused of disregarding a stop signal and reckless driving.
He is to appear on 23 September before the District Court in arguably one.
The motorcycle was seized and confiscated for three months.
George Webster accused of rape in Naim and Pitlochry hotel
A man stands for the rape of women in two hotels in court.
George Webster, 28, was read the charges at a hearing at the High Court in Glasgow.
He is alleged to have raped a woman on 7 June 2013, in Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire.
The indictment is that Webster attacked her while she was unconscious, asleep, and could signal an agreement. "
In addition, Webster is accused of having raped on 4 May 2014, a second woman in the Golf View Hotel in Naim in the Scottish Highlands.
Judge Lady Rae set a trial date for the November 17 at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Back to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
The congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have tabled a bill to establish the organization of trade unions and civil rights.
"Unions are dying just as the middle class jobs," Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, and vice-chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, said.
That is why I proudly present together with the civil rights icon John Lewis, the employee empowerment law.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal possibilities for discrimination due to the organisation of trade unions, as with other forms of discrimination - and thus stop anti-union-minded forces.
The completion of the national labour law in order to create an opportunity for a discrimination abandoned workers to organize a union representation, in order to sue in a civil court for justice - and in order to receive compensation or penalty payments - is a useful and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not according to American standards.
In fact, the best way is to suggest to the understanding of what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of their bill, the link to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks, which the unions were suspended in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country, Americans were encouraged in countries around the world to recognise work rights to extend and respect.
There was a time in which millions of Americans remember, when this country democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right of association mentioned in the same breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a constitution that would ensure that the militarised autocracy Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full awareness of the fact that the workers and their trade unions participated in the creation of a new Japan, using a language that explicitly recognized that the rights of workers are guaranteed of association and collective bargaining and action. "
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff pressed the Germans to write a constitution that would ensure that the fascism Adolf Hitler would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers must organize and raise its voice in the new government added a clause explicitly testified: "The right to form and to safeguard the health and economic conditions and to improve each and every profession or trade.
Agreements that restrict this right or aim to reduce it is null and void; targeted measures are illegal.
As the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt chaired the International Commission on Human Rights, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was adopted in 1948 by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the other drafters added a guarantee that everyone has "the right to form trade unions for the protection of his interests or" to join them.
For generations, Americans accept the basic premise that labour rights are human rights.
When this country advising others how to civilian and democratic societies could form, Americans said that the law must be protected on the establishment of a trade union - and that these unions could then participate in collective bargaining as an equal partner with companies and government agencies.
After these rights were under attack in America, is it really wise, to lead the American ideal, according to which the working population must have the right to unite and to have a free and open society.
As pastor, Martin Luther King Jr. said 50 years ago:
History is a great teacher. "
Now everyone knows that the labour movement did not restrict the strength of the nation but enlarged it.
By raising the living standards of millions, labour miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to unimaginable levels of production.
Those who attack labour forget these simple truths, but history preserves them.
History remembers, and that is something we should do.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights and protection against discrimination in the establishment of employee representatives - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis are renewing the ideals that made America great in the past and simply delivering on the promise of democracy.
Judge temporarily blocks legislation that could force all abortion clinics in Louisiana to close
A US federal judge on Sunday temporarily stopped the implementation of a law in Louisiana, lawyers say it is likely to close all five abortion clinics in the state.
This measure, which was made by Bobby Jindal, governor of Louisiana, into law in June and come into force on 1st Sept. to were doctors that perform abortions, forced to buy a patients right to a hospital within a radius of 30 miles of their practice.
The judge's decision means that the doctors can continue to carry out preliminary legal abortions, while they apply for such a right.
"The plaintiffs will be able to continue to work in accordance with the law, while trying to obtain these rights," Federal Judge John deGravelles wrote in his ruling.
Within a month, a hearing will be scheduled for the judge to make a more permanent decision for the law.
Abortion advocates welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures and said that doctors gained more time to obtain hospital admissions.
"Today's decision means that the women" in Louisiana some underhand escape law which wants to deprive them of their health and their rights, Nancy Northup, president and chairman of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which sued on behalf of three of the five clinics in the state to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the ruling on the doctors stretched from the two hospitals that had not joined the lawsuit, and also asked for instruction.
Louisiana is one of 11 states have enacted similar laws, but courts have recently such measures in Alabama and Mississippi to be declared constitutional.
Key points of a law in Texas, most of the remaining clinics in the state have been forced to close, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion supporters and the American College of Ostretricians crushing, as well as the American Medical Association have agreed to say that the rights of doctors demand unnecessary restrictions.
Abortion opponents counter that the measures are designed to protect the health of women, although some also welcomed the impact of a closure of hospitals.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana has Patienteineinweiserechte, the Center for Reproductive Rights said.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to perform abortions, this doctor no longer would run out of fear for his safety, the operation, the group said.
In their arguments against the judgment of the Louisiana state officials said that they would not punish doctors for performing abortions, while their requests for patient rights, no way were still pending.
Delayed diagnosis and a lack of access to the best treatments lead to higher death rates from ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother, James made a video tribute to her mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
For women in rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical records of more than 1100 Australians, when ovarian cancer was diagnosed in 2005, and found that only 25 percent of five years after diagnosis were still alive.
Research Director Susan Jordan from QIMR Mountain Hofer Medical Research Institute, said that for those living in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study by 20% higher than for those in urban areas.
Kleine STUDY: New drugs may slow lung and ovarian cancer.
The researchers examined the medical care of women over seven years.
Dr Jordan said that a woman's age at diagnosis, type of ovarian cancer, the previous illnesses, as well as the social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer was already advanced further at the time of diagnosis, the survival rate is the lowest.
For those living in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study by 20% higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study examined why women living outside the city, more likely to die of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggests a delayed diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centres as possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by gynecological oncologists, and these are mostly to be found in larger towns," she said.
Despite the improvement of medical services to counter the distances a bit, she suggested, as a possible remedy, a reinforcement of the service by doctors flown to give professionals the opportunity to provide women denser at the place of residence, as well as treatment programs for people outside of their region.
Dr Jordan said that the study found regardless of geographic status of a poor long-term survival rate for women with ovarian cancer and stressed the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer-funded study is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
Unlinke bell in March 2013, a young mother of 33 years by the Gold Coast learned that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centres are falling house owner figures
The decline, coupled with a greater decline in the number of homeowners under the age of 35 could mean that garden centres are losing tens of thousands of pounds a year, if today's young consumers, according to a study by the HTA reports, as set out in the Financial Times, "core age group for garden products."
The report says that tenants spend an average of 55 percent of the amount, the people with home for their garden.
The increase in the number of people who live in areas of high urbanisierten without gardens, the popular procedure to asphalt more front gardens to park purposes and the declining garden size are other factors that threaten the sector, where almost £5 billion a year in sales will be implemented.
In Greater London, where the percentage of home owners from 61 to 43 percent over a period of 6 years, the lowest spending on garden products are reported per household.
The HTA and the Royal horticultural Society indicate that housing for rent or small gardens do not mean that people can draw any plants.
Guy barter, chief horticultural adviser to the RHS said: "Container gardeners, for example, is very popular with tenants because their plants in a move can take."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the garden retailers due to rising numbers of homeowners and economic prosperity from the late 1980s until the mid-1990s.
He also predicted for this year, an improved market situation because of the better weather after harsh weather in March and April of last year.
The opposition politician Imran Khan and cleric Tahirul Qadri-led protest movement in Pakistan.
In the capital, Islamabad, about 1,000 demonstrators have stormed the state television network PTV.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said that soldiers have the protesters but push back from PTV building.
The broadcaster hired his operation for about 40 minutes, but now sends back.
At the same time, about 3,000 demonstrators to arrive at the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif sought.
About a mile away from them, they had armed themselves with sticks and stones clashed with security forces.
The police used tear gas.
The Sharifs demonstrators demanding his resignation, but he rejected it.
Meanwhile, the army of the country calls for a political solution to the conflict, to waste "without time and without violence."
After a meeting at the headquarters of the military on Sunday evening said: "The Army remains committed to its role to ensure the security of the state."
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already more frequent elections.
The opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Prime Minister Sharif of having cheated in the parliamentary election in May last year.
The protests have escalated over the weekend after Khan and Qadri had called on their followers to go to Sharifs residence.
Here, three people were killed.
Turkey orders US diplomat on charges of espionage report
The Turkish foreign ministry is the most senior US diplomats in the country to request a report on American and British spy in Turkey called in.
Deputy Prime Minister Bülent said that the business of the US Embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel, and the online magazine The Intercept reported that analysts from the former US National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey is a main work area for the US and British secret services.
According to Turkish news agencies, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the importance of the report and said that all major countries ausspionierten each other.
An earlier report that the main intelligence service in Germany, Ankara had targeted, "clearly verärgertere reactions of the Turkish Government.
Warning strike: Train drivers are threatening consequences for commuters
The nationwide warning strikes by train drivers on Monday evening, could also affect the movement of people in NRW.
For the 18 to 21: 00 announced strike affecting all carriers nationwide, including the long-distance, regional and S-Bahn-transport
The main thrust of the warning strike is the transport of goods.
Photo: A. Burgi/archive
GDL) said the district chairman of the trade union of German train drivers, Sven Schmitte, in Düsseldorf.
We expect significant cuts.
There are no regional priorities.
The main thrust of the warning strike the transport of goods.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced to do everything we can to minimise the impact to a minimum.
The GDL said but not where it wants to strike, so that it is difficult to foresee the consequences.
Magaluf police chief accused of corruption
The prosecutors presented on Friday to the office of the prosecutor of Mallorca evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià.
The chief of police of Calvià on the holiday island of Majorca after corruption charges by businessmen and Barbesitzern in the notorious binge-drinking hotspot Magaluf.
Chief Commissioner Jose Antonio Navarro after corruption charges against him by a number of businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most of the bars and nightclubs are of Magaluf, in custody.
According to the online newspaper, Diario, the prosecutor's office of the Public Prosecutor for corruption on Friday, evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià.
Another two local police officers were arrested by the Spanish Civil Guard in connection with the corruption charges and will be questioned by a judge, along with Navarro.
The Spanish national daily ABC reported that the disgruntled revelatory night club owner, the cronyism of the authorities have serious impact on their business.
"It is no longer about making money, it is about survival," said one of the businessmen to the court.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made this summer due to a viral YouTube video, international headlines, in which a British tourist was shown just 18, except on 24 men during a tour performing fellatio.
The island authorities have since tried to stop the misconduct alkoholisierter holidaymaker in Magaluf, where the number of participants in the infamous alkoholgetränkten pub crawls have been minimized.
The Playhouse club where the Fellatiovorfall, was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and Carnage pub crawl-along a fine of €55,000 ($73,000) have to pay.
The resort Magaluf, which is particularly popular among young British tourists, is also known for a number of accidents under influence of alcohol, "including the trend of" Balconing, where people from one balcony to another, or jumping from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring with wet and stormy weather conditions affect flights from Adelaide Airport
The South Australia FRÜHLING bestowed a wintry surprise, with heavy showers and strong winds, affected flights from Adelaide Airport.
In the evening until 9 p.m. further 5mm of rain fell on the city, according to 6,6mm who had already gone down in the night of Sunday.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including a Gusses, which began shortly before 8 p.m. and caused almost 4mm of rain in about 10 minutes.
After the winter had last week for an early dose of spring, temperatures in the city fell again on Monday to a high of just 15.8 ° C.
The one windy weather conditions probably have led to the delayed landing of a Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was due to land shortly after 7.30 p.m., was hit by a wind shear - a sudden change in wind speed or -richtung over a short distance - and had to start with.
At that moment, gusts reached about 50 km/h on the ground at Adelaide Airport.
Flight data showed that the plane also put on a second landing had to start with and, finally, at approximately 8.40 p.m.
The flight delay led to a delay in the wake of some other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai, and one from Sydney Quantas-spontaneously.
Adelaide is forecast on Tuesday for a maximum temperature of 16 ° C, with possible showers.
Matthies says: Time for large networking
Given the galloping technological progress which our cosy homes in high-tech threatens to transform switching centers, our columnist Bernd Matthies console themselves with a very familiar electronic accessories.
As I write this, my eye falls on the spiral cable that connects the listener on the phone, and I think: Boah, how retro is that?
But there is a thought behind it: If the cable is not all listeners, would fly around in a short time, unlike in the House, and that would still be significantly more retro.
In any case applies to the disgust ("disgust"?
No, typo: Electronic) sector bought the rule that the world today is the electrical waste of tomorrow - out of date.
And who, for example, still has a CRT television sets in the living room, simply saying that he basically rejects television.
Why is this?
Because it reminds us of the Ifa Andrängen on radio tower this week our absolute incompetence in matters of electronics.
The layman, before washing machines and CD players dominated blindly, not even now understands the purpose of the devices with incredible eitlem Expertensprech are spread before him: "Connected home, Build IT, Healthcare and New Technologies" promises the press office.
Yes, it's?
What is there to talk with people who seem to spread such Quark voluntarily?
In fact, it is for about 20 years, above all, that we should always connect our house.
To make the yogurt even after being ordered to fire alarm tells us on holiday to the Maldives that it burns grad in the work room.
And it would be wonderful if the air conditioning from the office to our early arrival...?
Yes, but this requires an air-conditioning.
But certainly a dream will soon come true: We raise our watch, telling her "sucking!" - and home of the vacuum cleaning robot drives off.
Misleading.
It all amounts to nothing less than a revolution: "The boundaries between white and brown goods blurring" raunt an industry expert, you can connect the washing machine with a pair of headphones, the steam sends nao the weather forecast and the glasses will show how long the pizza in the oven needs, what is not, however, because we are in a traffic jam.
From the day-to-day practice, we also know that if a cutting-edge device is really urgently needed once the battery is guaranteed.
But another reason is that the spiral cable will survive on the phone the next radio shows.
Israeli children are returning after the war in Gaza in their schools back
Thousands of Israeli children from areas in the vicinity of the Gaza Strip returned to the school on Monday, after a summer spent in shelters, while rocket and mortar shelling of their towns during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas went down and schools remained closed in Gaza, while the area recovered by the fighting.
The school brought the start of rocket firing holes no battered communities in southern Israel, a feeling of joy and expectation, but the signs of the battles are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod employees "Pashosh" -Kindergartens, who was hit by a rocket away, before the arrival of the students shrapnel shards from the walls and glass walls.
"We have a bit of anxiety, but are excited," Ronit beard, someone who lives on in the Kibbutz Saad and the English teacher said.
Many children from our region urgently need a return to a routine.
Their 11-year-old daughter Shani Bart said it felt "a little strange" to suddenly to go back to school.
"These were difficult times, and we are not going out of the house," she said.
Johns Hopkins President Rivlin visited the caves near the border with Gaza to offer his support.
Until a cease-fire in the war last week, thousands of residents of border communities such as Saad in their homes or left their homes to move into safer areas further away from Gaza and the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of: Oz, a village near the border with Gaza, in which a 4-year-old boy killed by a Palestinian mortar grenade was still hesitate to return.
The Ministry of Education, about a dozen families have still not returned.
Their children were temporarily housed in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town with Gaza, which has drawn heavily from the Palestinian fire.
He urged the children to learn a lot and said "we will make sure that your knowledge erwerbt and offer you security."
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday to an open-ended "cease-fire.
The ceasefire provided for an immediate end to the fighting, but important issues remain unresolved, including Hamas's demand for a lifting of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel calls for the disarming of Hamas and the handover of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children according to estimates by the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel disputes these figures and estimates that there are at least half of those killed by militants, but this presented no concrete evidence for information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker were killed.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired rockets and mortar shells from 4.591 during the fighting on Israeli towns, most in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military conducted more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks that damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza area and about 250,000 people were looking into more than 100 UN schools, which have been converted into temporary shelters.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and continue the fighting, the education authorities last week postponed the beginning of the school year.
"I hope that the school will be open again soon, so that we can continue to learn, just like the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, who is currently in a school in Gaza City.
After election in Saxony, CDU deputy Strobl, NPD-ban process into question
However, given the loss of the vote in Saxony, CDU Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl, for an end to the current NPD-prohibition proceedings before the German Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - Under the CDU Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl should the current prohibition proceedings against the NPD before the Federal Constitutional Court to an end.
"The NPD cuts worse than last time," said Strobl, who is also head of CDU country in Baden-Württemberg, "Leipziger Volkszeitung."
This is a welcome development in the right direction and a development that brings me to the conclusion that the NPD is politically and not before the constitutional court.
The NPD was in the vote on Sunday, just short of the five-percent hurdle.
A first attempt to ban the far-right party has failed in 2003, because of the constitutional protection at the time, the NPD's top informants.
In December 2013, the Federal Council submitted a new request after a long preparation in Karlsruhe.
Federal Government and the Bundestag not joined.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At the Neuländer place refugees are now in tents.
The initial reception for refugees in Harburg is bursting at the seams.
Now, the authority inside three tents of the Red Cross has set up.
Local politicians were informed only shortly beforehand - they are less enthusiastic.
"This rush actions continue to fuel concerns of the citizens and the politicians have no opportunity to constructively to help the humane accommodation of refugees," says about Britta Herrmann, chairman of the Greens in the Harburg district assembly.
Your party is demanding that the district administration Harburg is currently unused buildings for housing.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
The reasons for overcrowding in the initial reception of the onslaught by seeking help - and the fact that the authorities are not able to provide sufficient places in community facilities.
Therefore, many refugees remain longer than the normal three months.
The house prices have seen the strongest winter rise in seven years, a widely observed index shows.
The RP Data Core Logic Home Value Index Hedonic for homes in the Australian capital rose by 1.1 percent in August, the RP-Data on Monday.
This increase is the overall increase in June, July and August, at 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual price increase of 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not distributed evenly across the country.
The RP Data research director, Tim but, told that Sydney and Melbourne drive a two-tier market.
The figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney rose by 16.1 percent last year, in Melbourne, compared to 11.7 percent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices increased by an average of five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale, Canberra, which has been hit by cuts in government spending, where prices rose over the year by only 1.4 percent.
But Lord said that an increase in properties for sale in the spring at the beginning would now be for the next few months, which would subject the market "a real test."
"If you look at the continuing high rate of auction prices, a rapid rate of sales in general and the persistently low interest-rate environment, it is likely that home prices" in the next three months will continue to rise, he said.
In a statement to the press, it contradicts statements by the CEO Peer Medau and attesting that, "as a commander," to pose.
The style of the university, it is not, according to the statement.
For example, the family was already "in mid-June, Medau informed orally on the request of the university.
The statement that the plans were first announced in July, are "definitely untrue, Pötzl's bodypaintings.
At the same time, he points out that it is not in the plans "Vorfestlegungen or decisions," but "preferences" would be it.
Also, the need for the expansion of the narrow road to the castle would be less dramatic than feared by Medaus.
From a nine-metre-wide road and not talk.
It comes after current state of 5.50 metres, a metre wider than before, "explains Pötzl.
The argument of Medau-operators that their free and own parking spaces in the future will only be used by students of the university, do not want to accept Pötzl.
It is not at all with parks, because that, like other public car parks now intelligently Resolve.
Residents to think
The crèche mountain dwarf, which is located on the site and on its doorstep, the approach would lead to the parking deck along, will be affected, according to the university president, "no."
Instead, he has to remember that "this is not just about the nursery, but also for the residents at the Friedrich-Streib Street and the 800 pupils of the nearby secondary school.
So it is about much more than special interests, Medau, "Pötzl's bodypaintings.
Whether the criticism of the parent advisory council of the nursery, with the expansion of the road would be a "lost the few natural spots Coburgs was" justified, "the reader can decide for themselves."
At the beginning of October, together with the State wants to Pötzl Bauamt Bamberg town councils about the structural development of the university by 2020 "and, in this context, the importance of the new development."
Last week Peer Medau had informed the parents of the children's nursery on the plans of the university.
Therefore, the approach for the new parking deck instead of the campus and the Friedrich-Streib Street, but about the Medau mountain.
That should narrow road at about one kilometre in length which has to be developed.
According to the projections of traffic Medaus would fold in the park of high rock.
From about 2,000 vehicles a day.
The city has not wanted to comment on the project.
Glan village comes back from handball national team
Holger Glan village will no longer play for the DHB team.
The 31-year-old's SG Flensburg-Handewitt led to this decision, above all health problems.
The decision is not easy, it is matured for several months.
It is time for me to listen to the signals of my body and my career in the national team to stop, "the 2007 world champion said on his Facebook page.
It is therefore with a track record of 167 countries and 576 goals for Germany in international retirement.
Because of the huge roll back room players for the Champions League-winner from Flensburg to score quite a few years to go, he is now the new Coach Dagur Dagur Sigurdsson.
The Icelanders, who on Tuesday announced his squad for the games against Switzerland, Glan village held a "long and good discussion.
His ideas and approaches have me just as enthusiastically as they are also inspire my long-standing player and my successors.
But for my club, I would also like to remain healthy over the next few years, longer periods are needed for regeneration, which do not allow the current double burden.
The left-handed to 2012 had after a heel infection even fear his career end.
Due to problems with his Achilles se trains go from Teamärzten of the German Handball Federation (DHB) with a Cortisonspritze that later caused a severe infection.
An emergency operation and was followed by two further interventions.
Then Glan village had announced a lawsuit against the team doctor, the confrontation ended with a settlement.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years of national team career pass at any body.
I have a few health sites that I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-related foot surgeries, which took place at short intervals in 2012, I've never really got my blood pressure under control.
Here, some other wear-related complaints.
Already at the beginning of the year, I noticed that while I control my head, but my body can not be fooled, "said Glan village in the interview to the magazine" Handball Time. "
For a comeback, he would only in an absolute emergency.
"If the unthinkable happens, I am always ready to talk," the dual father told the magazine.
However, I counted the years in which I can still play handball, on one hand.
I must also say that I have become in my long hospital stay in 2012 also pretty humble about my health.
In my career I want to go at least reasonably precisely.
In addition to the World Cup title in 2007 and winning the Champions League in 2014, he won the 2008 (HSG North Horn) and 2010 (has) the EHF Cup.
In 2012, he also secured with Flensburg the European Cup.
Germany's economy contracted by 0.2 percent in the spring
The crises around the globe have slowed down the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product fell from April to the end of June 2014, compared to the prior quarter by 0.2 percent.
The Federal Statistical Office said, and thus confirmed preliminary estimates.
Only the consumption revived the economy in the spring, while the investment.
The foreign trade braked the economy.
Thanks to the strong year on the clock for the first six months of a GDP growth of 0.8 percent over the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of the "Münsterland-Mooiste" that for the first time on Sunday by the castle man city.
The town of Horstmar Burgmann Sunday experienced an invasion niederländischer "Fietzenfahrer."
The largest cycling association of the Netherlands, NTFU, organized the so-called "Münster-Mooiste country."
It is the biggest cycling handet cross Münsterland, paradise near the Netherlands.
More than 1000 participants express their gratitude to their registration at Jos-Huerne for organizing this tour of the Münsterland.
In various journals out for this tour was offered to interested parties.
We come from Den Helder and travelled overnight to take part in this tour.
We want the country to know more about this kind of thing, "the cyclists were on the route through the circles of Steinfurt, Broken and Coesfeld.
After registering at the club to protect the Brotherhood Sta.
Catherine was a small "peace journey" through the city, on the wall, where the launch took place.
The route, which was offered in three different categories, in the direction of Mr Wood's violent Inger Mountain in the direction of Coesfeld and Havixbeck and Billerbeck back to Horstmar.
At a distance of 95 kilometres with 1175 metres, 120 kilometres from 1475 m elevation and 145 km of 1775 metres, the cyclists demonstrated their good condition.
They were on the road in Havixbeck verpflegt and Billerbeck.
The main organizer Jos Huerne and Mayor Heinz Lölfing vice-chairmen showed about the success of this cycling events.
We are happy and it was a wonderful experience for all involved.
The organization was completed without problems, and there were no negative incidents, "Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, many participants did not like the organisers hoped for what was presumably the bad weather forecasts and on the morning rain.
"We find ourselves again in 2015 when hopefully beautiful weather on 30 August and during another weekend," the cyclists but promised to return back into the Münsterland, and organizers are planning a repeat.
Brutally honest memoir Konstantin Weckers
It is actually more philosophical testimony than biography, Konstantin Wecker, songs, pacifist, certainly political activist, ex-prisoner, "monk and warrior" at 287 pages of paper.
Not chronologically, but more thought scraps for shreds of residents born on 1 June 1947, has written his memoirs, each chapter taken by a suitable song lyrics.
And he is brutally honest: As a high school student from Onanie to shoplifting and drug use, he leaves no human weakness.
Also, to show how he himself learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow human beings.
Length even abstract, but all the important concepts are: Love, soul, ego, the existence in the present, spirituality - all of which he tries to go to the bottom very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And it also explains his pacifism, his critique of society, its political commitment - and how it has shaped not only the music (the opera lover) was the soul and rock musicians, but also his prison stay.
The latter is the living husband Konstantin alarm clocks closer to the ascetic monk who created "by subtraction," as he says, "by Unnötige drops everything."
Among all the high-minded views, there are brief anecdotes on the earth: For instance about beatings in a restaurant frequented by Believing or a crazy ride, in which he proposed a tree head-on.
Here, too, he is brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: My father never took me by the arm.
Has never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children of a family jamaikanischer immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry, 19, worked in a factory, and their relationship was limited.
Henry is rehearsing for a comedy that's Rudy's Rare Records, which is based partly on an imaginary conversation with his father, and from the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult childhood moments.
He visited "many" therapies after the death of his mother, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship with his father.
It was hard to know him.
We never saw his face, hear his voice: "Hearing on the crash.
Keep your sister in peace.
Beweg you!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers, Seymour and Hilton - who were already grown up when I was a child, went to the pub with him and talked about things such as the shape of the beer glass or the beauty of cricket.
I never had such a conversation with him.
A large part of my life, he was a serious guy in the corner, reading the newspaper.
Recently, Henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and even though the conditions are better than at the time of his father, he won, but an insight into how life may have been for him.
It is a little brighter now, but they are dark, quite smoky, deep stygische maze with flames and smoke and a lot of soot.
My father was always in the tub and then you could hear him slowly, as he began to sing, because he was able to wash the foundry.
When I went there, it was clear to me that he had done this for many years to get the food on the table, and my respect for him has been greater.
However, Henry grew up as a child without his parents "love.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you."
Only when it came to my mother at the end of her life, we started badly, "I love you, I love you, I love you" to say.
By his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he could share the love that he had missed as a child.
But with the "I love you" stop?
But on hearing to embrace me!
Papa, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother.
It is still a French friend, with whom he had been married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's own mother was diabetic.
That contributed to her death.
So when I became very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You need to be radical.
So I got this fitness thing and also had to make a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is tiring.
No one likes to eat carrots.
Henry's career change is reflected in his elegant, short-trimmed beard.
Since he was praised by the critics for his Othello, he is captured by the theatre.
It's the comedy of errors, and then fences by August Wilson.
This is a different experience than the sitcoms and comedies that have filled his busy work life.
He started with only 16 years ago, when he worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on stage when he wrote to imitierte and New Faces on him.
His television career began in the mid-1970s. "I was for a very long time, the only black impersonator/comedian on TV."
He learned in the profession.
I was not only in the eyes of the public at large, but also learn from 1975 to 1985, as I tell jokes and an efficient machine, while I was a television star, and that was really difficult.
Lenny New Faces in 1975,
As his manager, the stage right at the Black and White Minstrel Show, had a light entertainment program in which people "" anmalten Black, Henry on his comedy about five years.
In my family it was very unpleasant.
Somehow, I wish that it had never happened, but I do not regret that I did it.
It was a strange, awkward position for me, but I worked on big projects and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But this "years of award-winning light pillar of British television" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
The introduction of characters that the British black culture both celebrated and scorned,, Henry worked in the 1980s for an alternative comedy circuit.
The first series of the Lenny Henry Show went on air in 1984, and in the 1990s, he was known among other things as the chef Gareth Black Lock in the comedy series boss!.
Commercials, documentaries, TV series and film roles were his next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought: "What are you doing next, Len because everything feels when you're just about the time or play a little on the spot."
Then, a documentary series for Radio 4, entitled What's So Great About...?
The first episode revolved around Shakespeare.
On Shakespeare, I was allergic.
I had never really learned in school about it, and it kept him mostly for the domain of the middle class, whites in tights and a cabbage.
So I had a great fear.
All those we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "you should try it.
It was not a bad thing, if you do not know what are you talking about.
Nimm a few of the words in his mouth, and then you'll understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry led 20 lines from Othellos last speech for the documentary, and he was thrilled.
I had the feeling that I could do it.
It was almost as if someone had my head finally right.
"That is the issue, it is a serious thing, take it seriously, learning your text recherchiere a bit.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we made it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and this simply not happened.
And soon he appeared in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly, I was at the National Theatre, and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed you." "
There was a technical error, and Henry instinctively felt that he had to entertain the audience.
"A little voice said to me" you must now bridge 10 minutes while they repair the computer. ""
Instead, the stage director, announced that the show would go on, once the problem is resolved.
I went from the stage and something in me said, "Oh, thank God."
I am not responsible for this.
I can leave it to someone else.
"You play in a play, i.e. blowing in your role."
Henry in fences at the Duchess Theatre
To learn the text for fences was demanding.
Panic is very good, which strengthens the tendons.
That was good, so it's like a big sign of the gods who tell me "This is your purpose here." "
He says that, of course, with a thundering voice.
So I stay here.
I really love it.
I love to be in a rehearsal room.
But Henry still has the head of a comedian - our conversation of humorous outbursts, while he imitates people again.
I have decided to stand-up comedy, because I think that this kind of instant gratification in a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If you are looking for that constantly, so you go in front of a wall.
I am sometimes live at the Apollo when I have fun, but overall, there is not as much as before.
I ask him if he ever returned to a stand-up comedy tour.
The fun I have in a room with a director who helps a beginning to form a middle section and the end of a journey - I do not believe that I would ever lose again.
So this is his new incarnation here?
I think.
I am quite an actor.
It's fun.
It always tells a story, and that is great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Huthi rebels block roads in Yemen's capital
In the conflict between Shiite Huthi rebels and the Yemeni government have the Houthis to civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
On Monday, Huthi's supporters have occupied key roads in Sanaa, said a spokesman of the Huthi party "Ansar Allah."
The access to the Parliament had been blocked.
Yemeni media report a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper "Yemen Post" had Huthi leader Abdul Malik al-Huthi on Sunday evening called on the measures.
Huthi threatened, according to the newspaper, with a further escalation of the conflict, should its demands not be met.
The Shia Houthis are fighting for more independence from the Sunni-ruled Yemen and demand the resignation of the government.
The tribe of the Huthi belagert for nearly two weeks, the Yemeni capital.
Around 30,000 rebels have set up protest camps in major access paths of Sana'a.
In the countryside of bloody fighting with the Yemeni army.
Kenya officials registered to "curb spirit range"
Kenya has started to register all public servants biometrisch to erase "spirit range" from the payroll of the government.
Employees who register in the next two weeks, would no longer be paid, said a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people receive after their departure from the public service or salary payments.
President Kenyatta took promised when he took office in 2013 to combat corruption in the public service.
In a test at the beginning of this year, it was found that at least $1 million, (£700,000) per month in payments for "spirit range" and other abusive financial practices.
The government suspects that salaries are still paid on accounts after a person has died or leave the public service, for the Wanyama Chebusiri BBC reports from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must now appear in the next two weeks in identification centres to ensure that their data will be recorded on the biometric registration, was announced in a government message.
Those who were not without a credible excuse would be removed from the payroll, was the message further.
"This move will be contributed substantially to the streamlining of the civil service by the actual number of civil servants will be identified and corrected the payroll on two levels of government - as the" ghost employees "will be eliminated," Anne Waiguru, cabinet secretary in the ministry for devolution and planning, said.
The scandal surrounding the art adviser Helge Achenbach is being negotiated for the first time in court on 11 November.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of the Aldi-founder Theo Albrecht, in a civil suit by the Düsseldorf Regional Court of 19.4 million euros in compensation from Thun and two of his companies that are in bankruptcy proceedings.
A court spokeswoman said on Monday.
The complaint states that Achenbach had cheated with the purchase of works of art and vintage cars and calculated Berthold Albrecht higher than actually paid purchase price.
As a result, the commission would have been higher.
Achenbach for 121 million euros of valuables for Albrecht have bought.
Children need roots and wings
He was 44 years in the school, including 23 as a school principal.
From that time, Manfred Richter knows many hardend Peter House and Kollbacher from their time as a student.
His methods were unconventional, sometimes, but always carried by his desire to see the man in the student.
The Sněžka is the most famous mountain of the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the theme from his homeland.
Richter was born in 1930 in Trautenau/North Bohemia, Trutnov.
Even at 14 he became interested after four years of secondary school for the teaching profession.
A year later, the Sudeten Germans were dispossessed.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their house.
After a few months in a camp in Bavaria in 1946, it was - in the boxcar.
It convinces judges to the Upper Franconian village cut.
The teacher education took place in Bamberg.
In addition, Manfred Richter had to run six times a week, ten kilometres to the nearest railway station, take the train to Bamberg, there are three kilometres across the whole city to school and back in the evening.
After two months, Manfred Richter was in a Red Cross shelter in Bamberg, a bed, along with up to 15 other students in a dormitory.
In 1951, he made the first and, after three years of teaching in 1954, the second state examination choice.
As Upper Franconia for him had no free teacher job he applied to Upper Bavaria and on November 1, 1954, came to the school in Kollbach.
The "Miss-Room" was his first "service apartment" in the school.
In 1958, he moved to new teachers in the house next to the school, a three-room-service.
Manfred Richter bought the house in 1980, after the school in Kollbach was disbanded in 1968.
In the meantime, there were the school association in Kollbach Kollbach Peter G three classes and Peter "five.
From the 1968/69 academic year, they have been grouped together in Peter "in today's town hall.
When the association was founded in Indian village, remained the primary school in the village.
In order to avoid a demotion in the small school's rector George Sigl, according to Karl, and Manfred Richter became his successor.
But Peter "grew, and so did the children and their teachers from September 1982 to the present building, which was expanded in 1997 after a judge's retirement.
Manfred Richter praised the generosity of the then Lord Mayor Ludwig Götz, who in addition to local costs and build a factory space in the basement extension in 1997, although that according to the guidelines for school buildings was not eligible.
"Mayor Götz had" very friendly school, judge gratefully remembered.
In his entire career, Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative, who had responded to a department of education on law and justice: "One must never forget the love." Manfred Richter implemented what he had heard as a young teacher.
"You have to give to the children of two things: Roots and wings," says the now 84-year-old.
And he had to learn: "That is not always possible." Whether he is here only says his students, or just his own six children, not entirely clear.
In any case, Judge Tun was sometimes unconventional.
If they got beat up students, not a punitive operation and were ordered not to sit.
At the expense of local judges had to acquire two pairs of gloves and play the two sides against each other, even though there should be a violets.
For the good of the school judges used as a good relationship with the former mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This was the side judge after his retirement, at least, the last in 1996 at the CSU list for the local council to stand.
But judges have been selected at number six and joined the CSU.
In three days, 180 kilometres
Hr4-RADTOUR 700 cyclists put in the spa gardens of Bad salt "and a Scots stopovers
If cyclists are on their tour in bath salt, "or Scots go, this is nothing special in itself.
However, on Friday alone, the number of the rest end impression: The 700 participants of the hr4-cycling and accompanying entourage enjoyed a break in of bath salt, "and later a party outside the old castle park in Scotland.
Under the motto "cycling and celebrate on newly discovered paths between Nidda and states" participants had met on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and witnessed a concert of Van Baker & Band.
On Friday, it was serious: The cyclists took the first step, the city about 60 kilometres to pile bath salt, "and on to Scots.
In the bath salts "were athletes from Mayor Hans-Peter seum in Bad Vilbel mitgestartet was by bicycle, and the head of the self-service bath salt, Petra vibrating-Döring, welcomed.
The refreshment of body and spirit had been prepared for all manner of good things: The rural women from Ranstadt and Nieder-Mock city had 85 (apple, Zwetschen-, streusel cake and cheese cake baked, wonderfully talented cyclists of the mouth.
"These cakes can only bake rural women," a participant from Aulendiebach praised while entering another piece.
Drinks at the stand of the gymnastics club Geiß-Nidda were cold refreshments.
The "Bravo" led the visitors with well-known melodies from operettas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful surroundings of the park was relaxing.
Moreover, a Mr enjoyed a head massage from his partner: "He deserved it, after all he has already fixed abgesprungene bicycle chains again."
Meanwhile, the mayor and the director had to work: They were interviewed at the fountain in front of the house of reporter Rainer Janke cure and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for bath salts.
Also, PhD Chief Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 cycling in 2004 as a tour leader, was able to break only briefly, but he had plenty of on-site with the technology to do so.
His pickup truck, in which he uses three telephones and a radio with its employees and the 15-strong motorcycle squadron of Hessen communicated, Facebook entries and wrote reports, also needed a check.
"The majority of the participants coming from the Rhine-Main area," he said, "but also from Gießen and Fulda, Lauterbach, Germany and even from many towns in Westphalia are cyclists.
The number of participants varies a bit after the available accommodation capacity.
In Category I, the participants will be accommodated in hotels, in Category II in collective accommodations.
From the resort, the cyclists had a good impression when they set out after an hour and a half: "Bye!"
"It was good in bath salt"! "They crew to leave.
After arriving in Scots, the group was allowed to take a short breather.
But in the evening, the cyclists in the idyllic old castle park were called for.
Under the direction of the Scottish Society for Tourism and Marketing (GTS), the park had received a nice festive atmosphere and, of course, we had prepared delicacies such as Flammkuchen with well-chilled white feather.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS-Managing Director Markus Hoßfeld and MSC-chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs, in his capacity as a member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased with the "many operating in Scots."
DJ Tobias Hagen were then the dance scene.
The opportunity for a bold move in the open air, despite the physical activity on the bicycle eagerly used.
Among the guests, who were impressed by the good mood, as well as the large number of cyclists are increasingly mixed.
On the second day, the cyclists were on the wards Birstein, guards and Cairney - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres of cycling together, the athletes arrived in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested on charges of "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 policemen have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government," local media report.
The police issued no immediate comment.
Among those arrested are 14 senior police officers, Hürriyet Daily News reports.
Some of them were involved in the corruption investigations against government officials, including four government ministers last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested for allegedly set up an organised criminal association and tapped telephone numbers.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (Prime Minister) who was at the time described their action as part of the activities, which are led by the Islamic clergy Fethulla Güllen against him and other people in positions of power.
Not all children in Ukraine, return to school
Schools opened almost everywhere in Ukraine on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
The day is traditionally a big day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents brought prime minister Arsenij Jazenjuk his daughter to school.
There, he told waiting journalists that not all schools had reopened, but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations.
The September celebrations were not held in every school.
The sky is not all over Ukraine peacefully.
We need to fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge joint Ukrainian People's Front to fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slawjansk, visited Jazenjuks daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace is finally here again and that the children receive an education that will help them in the future.
The first day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated, while the children wear bestickte shirts, balloons in their hands and their teachers to give flowers.
With Rona fair head the BBC has found perhaps the great director she needs.
She meets with a proud fame tow from the banking world, the media management and the inner circle of the Tory party.
And it has its own front line experience.
Her career began at the global management consulting firm Bain and Co., where she moved to Morgan Stanley, Bomba, ICI and the world's media.
She was seven years back, CEO of the Financial Times and came when the top post of the parent company's went to a younger male colleague.
Your severance allegedly amounted to almost £1 million.
Even their political ranking is solid.
It was David Cameron recommended by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, when he was looking for more commercial expertise in Whitehall: It became an adviser to the cabinet.
Her husband, a former Tory councillor.
Back in May, I described the role of the chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only the BBC is a huge and complex unit at the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The trust works in two directions: Inside at the first guard of their own management hierarchy at the BBC, but also to the outside as the voice of public concern and anxiety when things go wrong.
This ensures an almost untenable duopoly, which demands a full comprehensive reform.
But the new incoming president would risk it, to strike at everything and disassemble an institution that is as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he expresses themselves perhaps his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as if that were not enough, many are keen to see the BBC reduced - outdated power, money and status.
While the competition approaches and new technologies threaten the old, comfortable certainties, the upcoming negotiation of the royalties for the BBC is connected with special dangers.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year, the British public certainly buys into the largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: It says that it reaches 96 percent of all households, and each of them only costs 40 pence a day.
And the BBC seem to rise on the popularity scale upwards again: 53 percent now support it, compared with 31 percent 10 years ago.
The sight and usage habits for the BBC have changed: Now I get news headlines on my mobile phone and see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and important institution.
It needs a great leader - I hope she has found him.
Perry of Texas says that derogatory tweet was not authorized
A tweet from the official account of the Republican governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday included a disparaging remark about Democratic county prosecutor, which is at the heart of a criminal charge against him for misuse of authority.
The tweet was later deleted and replaced with another of Perry's account of the previous abstritt.
Just a tweet was sent from my account, which was not authorised by me.
"I do not approve of the tweet and have deleted" for him, it was said in the message.
Employees of Perry did not immediately responded to requests for comment.
Although the tweets of Perry's official account, it was not clear who actually uses the feed.
In an earlier tweet an unfavourable image of the district prosecutor of Travis County, Rosemary Clay, who was sentenced in April 2013 due to drink-driving.
Perry vetoed the funding of her office when she refused to step down, which could result in a charge against Perry - the potential 2016 presidential candidate - before a grand jury this month in Austin.
The text of the tweets reads: "I'm not always drunk with the triple allowable alcohol... but when I do I accuse, Governor Perry, if he ausplaudert it."
I am the betrunkenste Democrat in Texas.
Clay's office was not entrusted with the leadership of the investigation of the grand jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, the special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was selected by a Republican judge.
Perry pleads not guilty to and called the indictment a political ploy.
Its outstanding team of legal assistance requested by the judge entrusted with the case, rejecting the charges and argued that the law, which for the longest-serving governor in the history of the state of Texas, is vague in its wording.
Perry stopped $7.5 million in state funds to the state's Public Integrity Unit, which is based in Travis County and in cases of public corruption in Texas - identified as a clay hill refused to resign.
This veto of a public complaint from a left-wing watchdog group.
Perry's official account is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
After the rallies in Iowa during his presidential candidacy had finished in fifth place in 2012, Perry referred to speculation that he will stop when he posted a tweet of a photo of himself jogging near a lake, with the words "South Carolina, we are coming!"
Berkeley says housing market for "normal"
One of the most prominent developers of London pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of England has returned back to normal levels. "
Homes in the capital, hotly sought-after and subject to huge price increases, which prompted the Bank of England because of the widespread fear of a credit bubble were intended to put limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of first-class investment company Berkeley on Monday, said: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market is back to normal levels of transaction since the 2013 peak back" and added that it offers a "stable operating environment."
The housing market in London was well established during the downturn, as foreign buyers piled into the capital.
According to information from the cadastral office prices in the city have increased in the past year alone by 18.5 percent, far more than the average rise in England and Wales as a whole.
The average selling price for private Berkeleys, cheap and student services rose by about a fifth last year and were at the end of April to £423.000.
However, a stronger pound has made in recent months in London property less attractive to foreign buyers - some of them have also been deterred by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "tax" before the general election next May.
The London estate agent Foxtons warned last week that the mortgage market report presented in April, where stricter lending rules would also in the second half of the year to lower market growth in both property sales and prices.
New data from the Bank of England on Monday show a decline in mortgage approval in July, which also points out that the real estate market cools.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, revised its forecast for the increase in property prices in London for 2015, down to 3 percent, on the basis of an already-weakening house price consciousness.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, meanwhile fell by a quarter year on year, the real estate agent WA Ellis.
However, the desire for a home in the capital city of Berkeley is a blessing, since the sums due to forward sales amounting to more than £2.2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: "The demand for a proper, well-planned product remained stable in the best locations and as a result the futures sales have remained stable."
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3.742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than the pre-crisis peak in 2007.
The annual pre-tax profit rose by 40 per cent annually to £280 million, sales by 18% to £1.6 billion.
On Monday, in a statement before the annual meeting of the company Mr Pidgley said that revenues in the current year for Berkeley would be expected to match the current market expectations.
Many of the analysts estimate the annual pre-tax earnings to £450 million.
Berkeley shares were trading in the afternoon at the London firm at £23,96.
Naked photos of Jennifer Lawrence posted by hackers on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence at the 85th Oscar appearance.
Nude photos of the Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a "master list" of images of other 100 starlets.
A representative of the stars from "The Tribute from panem" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence are real and accused the hacker for "flagrant violation of privacy."
The authorities have been notified and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos further by Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, originally on the photo-sharing site 4chan posted, supposedly through a gap in the online storage system icloud from Apple. The alleged "master list" of hacking victims include the names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, told Buzzfeed.
It is not certain how many of the images are real, even though Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the rest of the world also condemned" the hack on Twitter.
"To those of you who look at photos that my husband and I have started many years ago in the private environment of our house - I hope you are really satisfied with them," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "victorious" but denied that it was in the photographs for pictures of her and two "This so-called naked pictures of me are gefälscht, folks.
But every time we take the beginning. * * word game.
Buzzfeed reported late Sunday that a spokesman of the pop star Ariana Grande abstritt the authenticity of the purported photos of her.
Exclusive extract from Howard Jacob's new novel about love and the letter "J" hochgelobtem.
You zerflossen, one could best describe it, she slowly dissolved like a cardboard box that you have to stand in the rain.
Occasionally, a woman told him that he was too serious, demanding, intense, aloof and perhaps slightly kratzbürstig.
And then the hand shook him.
Kratzbürstig he knew.
He was stachelig, like hedgehogs, yes.
The last victim of this barbed approach was a very nascent affair for which was promising a relief of boredom of his life than usual, and perhaps even brought him a certain amount of satisfaction.
Ailinn Solo Mons was a trembling, delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart from a village on the North Island, which was even more isolated and hostile than Port Reuben.
It came with an older companion to the south, Kevern held for her aunt, who had inherited a plot in a damp but heavenly valley with the aptly named Paradise Valley.
For several years, no one had lived in the house.
The pipes were leck, the bathrooms were spiders, slugs have left their mark on all the windows, and believed that they belong to all of this, and the garden was overgrown with weeds that looked like giant cabbage heads.
It was like the house out of a children's story, both menacing and seductive, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" on the long list for the Man Booker Prize is 2014.
The shortlist will be announced in the coming week.
Kevern and Ailinn holding had sat on the broken chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon, and both had been playing a spirit absent in the console, which supplied the country with soothing music and besänftigenden news than the sight of her brown legs crossed reminded him of an old song, one long forgotten black entertainer, which his father had listened with closed blinds in the house.
Your feet are too big.
Due to their own aggressiveness songs of this kind were no longer played on the console.
Not banned - Nothing was played so well - just not banned.
It has been successful obsolesziert, like the word obsoleszieren.
The general flavour created what decrees and regulations had never managed, and how the people in the book From-dishwasher-to-millionaire-memoirs, cookery books and romantic novels, so she chose the music for the ballads.
In the euphoria of the day began to play an imaginary piano Kevern and a gross-funny serenade Ailinns big feet to eulogise, sing.
Ailinn understood that.
"This was a well-known song of a jazz pianist called Fats 1971," he told her, and automatically put two fingers to his lips.
It had always done his father to stop the letter J, before he came out of his mouth.
It began as a game between him and his father, when he was still small.
His father had played it with his own father, as he was told.
When you start a word with a J, without putting two fingers on your lips, it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very fun game back then, and it was not very funny.
He knew what was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what jazz was.
Ailinn had never heard of any.
Jazz was, even though he was not directly prohibited, not played.
The improvisation was not more modern.
There was only room for one "if" in life.
The people wanted to be at the beginning of a melody, where it would end.
Similarly, the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And Jazz was musically ausgedrückter mind.
Although he was 10 years old, without having heard about Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew something about jazz by the semi-secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he had to explain Ailinn, Fats Waller was black.
At their age, they probably could not remember a time when Popsänger were not black.
Again, no laws or restrictions.
A compliant society meant that every element of this society gratefully agreed to the principle of the group talent - grateful like fate spared.
People of Afro-Caribbean origin were by temperament and conformation for entertainment and sports, so she sang and ran.
People who were originally from the Indian subcontinent, were blessed by nature with electronic talent and were served with the task of ensuring that no family was left without a working telephone service.
What was left of the Polish community, took care of the sewage system; what was left of the Greeks smashed plate.
Those from the Gulf states and the Levant, whose grandparents left the country quickly than WHAT GESCHEHEN ship IF IT GESCHEHEN ship geschah- for fear of being accused of Feuerschürens, fearing that the flames would consume them next - had Labneh- and shisha-pipe-restaurants opened, consider themselves and were depressed by inaction.
Each according to his abilities.
Because she had heard only ballads, Ailinn found it difficult to understand how the offensive words that she had just vorgesungen Kevern, could ever be synchronized.
Music is an expression of love.
"These are not really" offensive, Kevern said.
Except, perhaps, for people whose feet are too big.
My father has never offended anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him a false sense of security.
Nothing could overcome the soundproofing of the giant cabbage-like leaves.
Ailinn still not understood.
Why did your father would love such a thing?
He wanted to say that it was a Jux, however, hesitated to show again in its present two fingers to their lips.
You already thought that it was a little odd.
"It was funny," he said instead.
She shook her head in disbelief and impeded Keverns view.
There was nothing else in the whole world to see as their ungekämmtes pitch black hair.
There was nothing that he wanted to see otherwise.
"If you say" it, they believe, without conviction.
But that still does not explain why you vorsingst it myself.
She seemed genuinely concerned.
My feet are too big?
He looked again.
Your feet are not so directly.
Perhaps your ankles, a little bit...
And you say that you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
But hate?
Of course, I do not hate you.
This is just a silly song.
He could have said "I love you," but it was still too early for that.
"Your thick ankles are exactly the reason why you think" me, he tried it instead.
I am a bit perverse.
That was not right.
It was supposed to be funny.
When he tried to be funny, he was often in trouble because he did not like his father about the soothing charm needed to bezähmen the inherent cruelty in jokes.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Kevern, wanted to be.
Despite his kind eyes.
Ailinn Solo Mons was red and rose from her deck chair, threw the console and buried the wine they were drinking.
Elder flowers, wine, drunkenness was no excuse for him.
In her excitement, she seemed to tremble, like palm fronds in the storm.
"And your thick head is exactly the reason why I am drawn to office," you feel, she said.
Except that I am not even that.
She was tired of him, both because of the unnecessary unfriendliness of his words and the fear that was in their eyes when they rebelled against him.
They dachte, that he would beat them?
She had not told him about the life on the cold northern archipelago, where she was raised, but he had no doubt that it was essentially just like here.
The same vast and icy ocean broke here and there on the shore.
The same confused men with even thicker skin and verdrießlicher after THIS WAS GESCHEHEN ship as it were their ancestors as smugglers and wreckers, moved from pub to pub, always willing to raise a hand against a woman who refused them or derided.
Thick head?
It would have shown her a big fist, if not farewells.
She only kissing - kissing the most-used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the vacuous love ballads from the console - they were only kissing and then beat.
After Keverns believes this was an unnecessary refinement, because kissing was itself an act of violence.
Ailinn Solo Mons gave him to go through her body.
He arose from the deck chair, like an old man.
They also felt bleiern, but the impact of his grief surprised them.
That was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched him as he departed, as from a room on the upper floor of their companion was watching him - a man, complaining of what he himself had created.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him, and men in general, although some have raised their hands against it.
A man turned away from her, his back bent, embarrassed, defeated without fighting spirit - why this was a sight that she seemed to know when she could not remember a single occasion on which she had seen something in the present day?
When she was alone again, Ailinn Solo Mons looked at their feet.
Several years before the events just told working ESME Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher on behalf of Ofnow, non-legislative oversight body for the public mood, with a short talk about the continued violence at low and intermediate level in exactly the areas where the reduction, if not elimination, most likely to be expected, given the money and energy into eradicating such violence had been invested.
"A lot has been done, and a lot still needs to be done," she wrote, "in order to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people that a thousand wars waged and won most of them, especially in the remote areas and valleys of the country in which the sweet breath of human kindness has been historically felt despite the towering spires of the hedges.
But, it turns out, some properties of erroneous belief.
The higher the tower, it seems, the lower the passion he arouses.
The people crying when listening to sentimentaler ballads, enthralled by stories about overcome difficulties and claims to believe strongly in the virtues of marriage and family life, but not only the former rudeness maintains the rural communities as well as our urban fabric in the hand, but there is also evidence for the emergence of a new and devious argument looks at home, in the workplace, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"They have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration, her mentor meant when he had read the entire report.
I suggest that you read more novels.
ESME Nussbaum lowered its head.
I also have to ask: You are an atheist?
"I believe that I have to say no," ESME Nussbaum replied.
Are you lesbian?
Again, ESME invoked their right to privacy and refusal of the statement.
Feminist?.
Again silence.
"I don't ask that," Luther Rabinowitz said finally, "because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
This here is a prejudice-free workplace.
We serve a prejudice-free society.
But certain types of hyper-sensitivity that are perfectly acceptable and commendable, can occasionally results, as you have presented it to distort.
You yourself seem to have prejudices against the church, and those things you describe as "sneaky" and "raw" could be interpreted by others as well as an expression of a natural strength and vitality.
If you continue to beat down on this, WHAT IS GESCHEHEN IF IT IS GESCHEHEN, as if it, if it would have happened would have happened yesterday means to deprive the country of its essential vitality.
For ESME Nussbaum felt, while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head, repeated an LED sticker in flamingo pink, the advice, the country in the last quarter-century Ofnow or longer.
You Lächeln to their neighbours, you value your partner, you hear ballads go, musicals, you use your phone, you talk, you say that you listen, you agree that you apologize.
Speaking is better than silence, the song is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
"I understand completely what you want, ESME Nussbaum replied," with a quiet voice when she was sure that her boss had spoken to the end, "and I say nothing other than that we are not yet healed as effective as we are deluding ourselves.
My concern is that we may find ourselves without warning about how we repeat the mistakes in THIS WHAT IS GESCHEHEN IF IT IS GESCHEHEN.
This time, however, it is not the other where we miss our anger and our mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with the hands.
In order to indicate a patience.
"You go too far," he said, "if you describe acts as a" mistake "that perhaps our grandparents or not.
You also go too far when you say that they had their "anger" and their "suspicion" to "other" left out.
It should not be necessary to remind someone in your position, that we talk about the understanding of the past, such as in the protection of the present, not "us" and "other."
There was no "us" and there were no "other."
It was a time of disorder, which is all we know.
"From the daring, if we are honest with ourselves," ESME smash, "no part of society can claim to have behaved well.
I accuse no one.
Whether it was done badly or well, what is done is done.
That was then.
Nothing more needs to be said - and here we agree.
And like any blame must be assigned, so no debt must be repaid if such repayment would be appropriate, and if there was a way to wipe them out.
But what about the past, if we do not learn from it -
The past is that we forget about them.
If I may say something about this
Luther Rabinowitz did not coincide his pyramid.
"I will consider their report, he said," and dismissed them.
The next day, when she went to work as usual, she was run over by a motorcycle driver who described how passers-by, in a sort of "brutal rage" on the footpath.
There are coincidences.
Lesotho military member says that a coup was planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho are contending that they have planned a coup to topple the government and said they targeted police officers, which is accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled out of the country and announced that the army of the country have occupied his official residence and surrounding government buildings in the capital, Maseru.
The Premier expressed his family into the neighboring South Africa after he had reported threats of attack.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was no de facto coup d'etat, but the army on the threat from "political fanatics" response, whose arm was by the police.
"What happened this morning was that the staff of the Defense Forces of Lesotho acted after he received several intelligence reports that some elements within the police are that some of the political, partisan young fanatics actually wanted to arm men who were on the verge of causing havoc," he said on Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military action made the impression of a country.
"Although no one has claimed to have taken the government by violence of all reports are agreed that the activities of the Defense Forces of Lesotho" now show signs of a coup, he said.
The military spokesman of Lesotho announced on Sunday that the soldiers were returning to their barracks and the situation in the capital was calm.
In the meantime, the Vice Premier Mothetjoya Metsing Thabanes assumes the government during his absence.
Thabane said that he believes he has become for his attempt to fight corruption in the country, the target.
In Lesotho, there were considerable tensions since June after Thabane suspended parliament sessions because of the clashes in his unity government.
He said that his actions had not undermined the government, different accusations to the contrary.
Manufacturing in the eurozone at a 13-month-low
The increase in production in the euro zone slowed in August to the lowest point in the last 13 months, a closely watched survey.
The final Markit purchasing managers index (PMI) for the manufacturing sector fell to 50,7 in August, after a stand of 51.8 in July.
A number above 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders fell and factory experienced declines in a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The numbers arrive before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets expect the bank a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery in the eurozone and the threat of deflation with an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, could make further information during the course of this week, if he pulls a quantitative easing in the eurozone, according to those who were from Britain and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth, the deterrent effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties have become clearer for the manufacturers," Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit, said.
The factory-PMI for Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia within the EU, fell to the lowest level in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime, the bloc and France, the PMI fell to the second-largest economy on 46,9.
France remains a concern, as well as the descent of Italy by a solid expansion to stagnation.
Evidence that growth incentives in key industrial mechanism, Germany as well as in Spain and the Netherlands are no longer are not reassuring, "said Mr Dobson.
The decline of the industry probably feeds the fire of the analysts, who expect further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
The positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best that can be said for the purchasing managers index of manufacturing in the euro zone in August, is that the sector will continue to grow after that."
He added: "In the euro area producers will find life very difficult at the moment, obviously, since the current heightened geopolitical tensions increase - particularly in relation to Russia and Ukraine - uncertainty over the continuing difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and consumer confidence, and will probably mean that some jobs will be delayed or even cancelled, particularly large-scale orders.
He said that it was "increasingly likely" that the ECB will eventually have to take a kind of QE, "although we suspect that this will be limited."
The hellish year tenth of the survivors of Beslan: Ten years have passed since the horrific siege of the school as the children caught up in it today.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken by Chechen militants at a school in Beslan in southern Russia as hostages.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world.
We have returned to Beslan to identify some of the victims who had escaped death in the bestiality in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific siege of the school in Beslan in which 334 people were killed, including 186 children, warned the heroic survivors last night before a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
As a fanatical Islamist terrorists, children and parents on 1 September 2004, the beginning of a new school year, captured and killed, that seemed like the evil means.
The tragedy united West and East in disgust, and then turned in surprisingly action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later, we have returned to Beslan to identify some of the victims who had escaped death in the bestiality in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome the odds, though the memory of these terrorist hell will follow them forever.
Their best hope?
The fact that the war ravaging Ukraine now - and where children die like them - now an end.
The girl who was photographed with the singer in the age of school sports hall
It was designed by the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakow photographed and famous when she was only in her underwear, singer in the age of school sports hall after a mine had exploded.
Completely confused Aida after her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both were thought to be dead, but she survived.
"One woman told me that I should run for my life, but I couldn't," Aida said.
My legs were blood flows.
I stood up and climbed again to look for my mother.
A soldier brought them in safety.
After a series of operations, they considered themselves to be completely cured, but said yesterday: "Three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid that I have to be operated on again.
Some shrapnel shards are still in my knee.
Their aim is now to be a dentist to help people as she was helped by doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it has not broken to me," she says fighting fun.
"This happened to me, and this cannot be changed.
Once a year, I always go to the gym to remind me of those who have stayed there.
My friends and I try to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too big.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were small, and dreamed of going to school together.
"I do not want to get married until I finish my studies and start my career.
I think to a family later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it, although the memory is weak, something every year.
I am pleased that many people in the world still recall with horror, and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in the UK and everywhere.
When I see the pictures of me online, I zurückklettere in school, I think that a lot of people see it for the first time, to understand our disaster and help to ensure that this does not happen again.
The boy, who fled through the bullets, in the view that his mother was dead
It was his first day of school (Russians go to school with 7 years) and survived the three-day siege in the arms of his mother, Tamara.
After seven years, he said: "Mom told me that I should come to me if there was an explosion, and hold their hand."
After an explosion, he thought she would die.
She said to him: "Run."
Full of fear, they could be dead, he fled, and saw on the way a wine of infant, took it by the hand and fled with bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who concluded his son outside, said: "Damir told me that his mother has died.
He said: "I could not save them."
In fact, according to Tamara had stumbled outside and with leg injuries in the hospital, on the assumption that their son had died.
After its reunification, she said: "I wept with joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (now dissolved) from the newspaper News of the World to obtain by the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie, the title of a Barnardo's Children's Champion.
"This horror is watching you every day, but I wish I could stop with the reminder," he said yesterday.
But I can say that in my memory it will be fainter.
I know that I immediately after man ever threw away all my toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shooting scenes and that is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to go back to the gym, but I do not think me about.
I remember these kids with whom I played in the yard, and who did not.
We never say that they have been killed or dead.
We say that they are in the sports hall.
I remember very well my trip to London, particularly in the toy shop, where I could choose what I wanted, and the ride in an open top car.
But now he has caused anxiety around places like Ukraine, where wars, the kind of accident that he and his friends suffered.
This horror haunts you every day, but I wish I could stop to remember.
"I am so sorry for all those who are suffering under the atrocities," said Damir, who worked as a volunteer last week in a monastery.
So I want to help.
One day, I want to go to the police and hope that they take me next year at the training academy.
His mother, Tamara, 48, said: "Thirty-seven children were killed from our neighbourhood, you can imagine it?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there was simply no children who were able to set up and run around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She remembers vividly of her trip to London with Damir.
The people of London cried when I told our story.
At the time, I understood how people can understand on the other side of the world, our feelings and show their support.
She was grateful to Cherie Blair and her foundation for the price and the opportunity to travel to London in the autumn of 2004.
I wish I could talk to Cherie and tell her just that 10 years have passed, but I still like to meet her and her husband to me in London, and how that Damir and has helped me.
I remember how Damir wanted to eat borscht and phoning them all local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with waiters in a restaurant, Damir shot with his water pistol at them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was just a month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British are so readily shared our pain and support us.
She said: "I always think that this world is not in these 10 years, become better.
In Ukraine, the war continues, and people are dying every day, and I believe that many children have been killed and killed.
These are just such children as ours.
I think that for many, the war is a part of the messages they hear when they are bored or busy with something else.
I know what these people feel, the whole horror.
And I can't stop to feel that.
Nothing has changed, the people still want to kill themselves and that is so sad.
Damir was and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not at all aggressive or angry.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he is not overwhelmed by the past atrocities.
I know he doesn't like it, but he has six close friends from the class, and they sometimes go into the gym and light candles there.
When he was small he suffered, including - I remember how he was sometimes on the sofa, the face turned from us for hours on end.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I remember how he threw all of his weapons and other military toys. Damir is now 17, handsome, bigger than me, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that several hours I was so sure that he was dead and I would never see him again.
When I recovered myself after the explosion and saw the legs I came to me, and the hell looked around me, with body parts lying around.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy could have survived in this hell.
"I remember that I called him," Damir, according to go on, "but I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he has heard it, and he ran away.
And so life goes on, unlike that of many others, for us.
Mr Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible picture after the siege became a symbol of the horrors of Beslan
Comfort: The Beslan-survivors (Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege in 2004, an image of Georgy today
His face was scarred by blutüberströmtes fear when he ran for his life, while Chechen terrorists shot down his classmates.
His image was one of the most shocking images of the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, a doctor, had dropped him for his first day of school, before she rushed off to get their older son, Vladimir.
"I left the court for about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it and my little boy stayed there for three terrible days alone," she remembers.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives from us, but all of them were killed.
Only my Georgy managed to survive.
The closer the date comes, the more difficult it is to remember and to talk about it.
There is not a single day that we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it was a long time ago, I think it would have happened yesterday, some scenes from those days have me constantly.
No one will ever forget that, I promise you.
Eindringlich: The image of Georgy (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized in a statue (right).
I remember that on that day (so wanted to go to school, and he said he wanted to embrace his teacher.
I only knew that he was alive when I saw him on television.
And now there is even a statue of a weeping born in San Marino.
Georgy sees the image, and it's hidden at home on the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also think that the people around the world feel our pain, thanks to this image.
Georgy says today: "It is important that such a thing can never happen again.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
People always look at such tragedies and never know the truth.
And now they are examining the crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused it?
This world is becoming something awful.
"I cannot understand how this is possible, because if you ask the people, nobody wants a war, so how is this happening?
Ten years of nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget it a little bit.
It has attacked my health and I still feel it.
About three or four years I have had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it was better.
Later, I went back to school in 2004 and was afraid every day.
I thought of my friends and classmates who were killed.
That is why I always go to the gym when the moves closer to 1 September.
I would like to pay my tribute to my old childhood friends.
It is hard for me to go to the gym, but I have to do it.
I am not a victim, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I am not bemitleide.
My life goes on.
I have concluded this year, the school and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I am going to be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was an education in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health has not allowed it.
I wanted to fight for my country, but this will not happen.
Georgi Fanijew,
The boy, who survived, though he was imprisoned at the feet of a murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgy Fanijew was during the siege at the feet of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the gym and sat next to the bomb, which was mounted at the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It really is a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel it, as if it were yesterday," Georgy, who wanted to go to the FSB, the intelligence officer says, but this could do for his health damage due to the siege.
It's still with me, there is nothing that I have left behind me.
I am now older and people say that children can easily cope with bad experiences - I have to say that this is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists and I actually felt a little better after that, but I can not forget it.
And I would like to forget.
2005 - a year later - was the first and only time that I went back to the gym.
I lost consciousness.
I will never go back there again and ask me not to show you where I have sat in this famous image.
Survivor: Georgy Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in a hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous and I carry him with me every day.
My friends know that I do not think like them or talk about it and they never asked me after school.
Physically, I feel good.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but now I can run well.
But because of my health, I was unable to study at the FSB secret service academy in St Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I have my documents, including those submitted medical and she responded that it was not possible.
My second passion were the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have been there two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals "from cats to cows."
He said: "I knew that I would never tell my children from my experiences.
Children should know nothing about it and they should not suffer it too, of course.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: "The pain never leaves me.
He is in my soul, worse when the anniversary approaches.
I will go to the celebrations for the memory.
I know that Georgy will not go.
There needs to be much more violent for him, because he was there, and I do not.
I waited for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he has been returned to me, here in Beslan are all drawn from it.
It remains in us.
Georgy is now an adult, but the horror is still in him.
It is difficult to accept that, if something happens to one so Unfaires.
He is a boy, he loves sports, but he could not attend because of his knee.
He was operated on several times, he can run, but no sport.
I would say that he has overcome the horror to 50%, but you can never completely overcome and forget it.
This terrible experience will haunt us forever.
Many friends and neighbours were killed during the siege, and that only reinforces my pain.
I have lost a lot of people who I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift that God could use me, but my heart cries for the killing.
I know of families where the children were born, but also by widows who have never married.
It is hard to accept that there is life, even if you do not want that.
I shall never forget how my heart jumped on me when I saw him in the hospital.
And now I, what is going on in the world - wars in other regions.
What are these people?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country and I can hardly believe it.
We used to be a friendly country, how can it be that we are fighting now?
People and children are suffering, I am sure that many children have been killed in Ukraine already, and many are killed.
If we just take all these rebels and could throw - as far away as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa,
The baby, which was taken so simply by a Special Operations Command in security
Gerettet: Aljona Tskajewa is brought by a Russian special operation command in security (left).
She is now ten (right) and remembers nothing about the atrocities
In 2004, the world held its breath when the baby Aljona was carried in the arms of a Russian policeman from the siege of Beslan.
The terrorists let them go, but kept in their cruelty, their 30-year-old mother, a 10-year-old sister Kristina and her brother Makhar in the school sports hall.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again and with his new wife, Svetlana has a little girl that he had named after his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, now ten years old, remembers the siege and has grown to be an intelligent and happy girl, neighbors say.
"They are now a big happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and want to spare them all the memories that go with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
Man accused over girls on pedestrian crossing in Fife
A 78-year-old man stands on the roof of a three-year-old girl at a pedestrian crossing in Fife.
Gordon Steward is alleged to have hit a girl on the transition in Pittenween in East Neuk.
The indictment indicates that Mr Steward had steered his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and injured the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation before the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC set for the procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you want to take photos or videos under water, there is a range of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action-Cam as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both for about $300.
I took these photos in a family party with several cameras, all of which are available at a price of less than $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure the battery compartment and other subjects are tightly closed.
Put your camera on the photos or videos that you want to include.
Some cameras and camcorders feature scenes and recording modes by which the exposure time is optimized for dämmrigen underwater conditions.
And before you jump into it, you check your equipment is operational in the depth.
Some cameras are permitted only for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60 feet.
Search in our shopping guides and reviews of digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Make multiple shots - because many of them will not work.
Point-and-shoot cameras are equipped with an LCD, with which you can compose images, not usually action-cams.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the right image is a matter of luck.
So you are making a lot of shots.
If your camera has a series mode, with a series of shots with different exposure settings are made, you use it.
Stay close to the surface.
The light is dramatically worse, the further you move away from the surface.
If possible, you remain close to the surface, if you make shots in a pool, a lake or the sea.
As a result, you can also get more colour into your photos; the deeper you go, the less you'll see color.
Go to the objects.
This is also a good advice on land, but underwater, it is even more important because of the poor lighting conditions.
It is particularly important when you work with an action-cam: These devices often have a fixed wide-angle lens, which means that you have to get closer to their homes, if they are to complete the whole picture frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort, change the nature of things, even in such a huge organisation like the NHS.
As a consulting physician anesthesia, he devoted his career to save the hospital, both the agony of the disease and the ordeal of treatment.
Among his patients, remembers his wife, was an MI6 staff, with the devastating effects of torture had to live.
Lawson knew that the diagnoses and disease are important to doctors, while the cases are mostly preoccupied with something quite different: Pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one whose ordeal began.
"I have felt" not me, "he wrote in May of this year.
I had difficulties to raise me.
While he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he noted that he made his wife Juliet impatient accusations.
"I want it all now rather than later," he noted.
When Juliet for a week on a business trip, Lawson felt quite unusually, and worried for no reason.
Was something in the air.
He asked a colleague to carry out an X-ray examination of his chest.
Just two weeks ago, he had been skiing in the French Alps.
The result of the X-ray examination before.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer of the breast skin, the lungs via the skin.
As with most cancers, the exact trigger is often difficult to determine.
While some smokers suffering from lung cancer, for example, have not been all lung cancer before smoking.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the underlying cause is an asbestos exposure - contact with the fibrous material, which was once seen as a "wonder material" but now recognized as lethal.
For most of us, mesothelioma is a disease that can ignore as easy.
Asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous Asbesttyp has been used in Britain since the 1960s, when the industry committed voluntarily to use them.
Even where he was employed, only people in certain sectors were working directly with the fabric - plumbers, builders, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial hazardous material from a different time, he now seems to be little concern.
But this complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it seems, is the culmination of a Mesoltheliom-epidemic.
There are more deaths from be mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, so many people to this disease than die in road accidents.
The annual numbers of Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and estimated future deaths in Britain
The reason why we are now witnessing the deadly effects, although asbestos is illegal for years (all types of asbestos were banned in 1999), is that an be mesothelioma develops only after decades.
And the scourge of be mesothelioma is not limited to former workers of the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and still is, in the houses in which we live, the offices where we work, the schools where we learn and the shops where we shop.
And therefore be mesothelioma knows no class barriers, financial limitations, profession or age.
The privileged bastions of the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are not a protected space.
The Parliament buildings are asbestos contaminated.
Even in the hospitals, in which we are supposed to be healthy, have already been identified as a result of this deadly Karzinogens herd.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not a plumber.
It was difficult for him to imagine where he could possibly have come in contact with asbestos.
Then he found it.
"It looks as if it was a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I completed six years of my education," he wrote.
All of them - students, nurses, doctors and doorman - use the tunnels.
One wonders how many of my contemporaries will suffer from the same disease?
Unfortunately, he was unable to answer that question, at least in part.
"Of the four doctors who have been trained at Guy's Hospital" and that "in the last five years suffering from mesothelioma, in 2010, he wrote in a letter," I am the last one who still lives. "
How many of us are still ill?
Andrew Lawson be mesothelioma at the age of 48 years has been diagnosed.
When he died on 17 February of this year, he was 55.
It was an unusually long time for survival.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months after diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
We can therefore only repeat Lawson's question: "How many of us will fall ill?"
The UK's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870 and 2050 if the asbestos epidemic is expected to arrive in the UK to a standstill, a total of 90,000 of the disease have fallen victim.
Most of them have no idea at the moment that they are going to die.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada, Alamy
A quick look at the files of the courts to which the victims are often due to damages, shows how far the scourge of Mesothelioms is already widespread.
In June of this year, Marks & Spencer, for example, admitted to have exposed asbestos Janice Allen negligent way.
She worked for the chain for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, and was responsible for the clothing department at two locations - one of the flagship store in Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years old than when she began her work in M & S.
Now she has two children in their twenties.
They "Before this thing," says, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I really didn't do anything about asbestos.
I never thought that this would affect me.
There are few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the notion of asbestos is not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name stems from the word "Asbestiform", a description of the fibre structure, which makes the polymer tough and flexible.
Three of the six were used in the construction industry.
Chrysotile asbestos, also known as white asbestos, is by far the most commonly found asbestos in buildings.
It has been used for roof tiles, floor tiles, pipe insulations, boiler insulation, even for brake pads in cars.
It is less deadly than other forms of asbestos, but nonetheless by the EU and the WHO considered "high health risk" with possible fatal outcome.
The more dangerous brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suspect that there is a "clear but indirect evidence that this was a major reason for the uniquely high Mesotheliomraten."
An employee of Marks & Spencer's flagship store in Oxford Street, London, exposed to asbestos Alamy
Janice Allen has perhaps not seen as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that her story is not unusual.
He has presented a study of those concerned, given that a significant proportion of Mesotheliome without known suspension through work or in the home "was probably caused by asbestos exposure in the environment."
A large proportion of these contacts, according to his statement is based on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It looks as though no one could expect to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which studied the palace of Westminster, shows how people could be at the heart of the government, unknowingly have been exposed to the substance.
Goddard in 2009 reported that the service shafts and pipes behind the committee rooms of the House were contaminated with asbestos, the lethal fibers could be created by something as harmless as "strong air movements."
MPs are often accused of having to look after their own interests, but in this case it looks as if the opposite is true.
While the management of the Parliamentary Work Service insisted that the Westminster Palace, a "clean health certificate" have received, it is now undisputed that cost £1 billion to be spent over several years, to renovate the Parliament, to modernize the electrical installations and to remove the asbestos, and that after the 2015 general election, the MEPs are more likely in the nearby QE2-conference meetings will be on the green benches at Westminster.
The Goddard report also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos is not handled in accordance with the relevant provisions."
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
All we can do now is wait. "
A person who could never determine the contact with asbestos exactly Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson suggested the 50-year-old Abbott, who during his work in hospitals was exposed to the asbestos.
"I worked in a hospital where asbestos lawsuits were decided positively," he says, "but I can not prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all the places where they have worked, and to the data.
What he remembers of the day is still just at the beginning of December 2009, when he received a kind of Fieber.
He was 45, and conducted an operation just late in the evening.
Suddenly, I had chills.
It came suddenly.
I felt horrible.
I thought the ride home not to create more.
As a doctor, Abbott knew the pain come from the breast skin, the skin around his lungs.
But, like Janice Allen, he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He was not a month to work.
Doctors made verwunderte x-rays of his chest and anchor Pleurakathether, in order to remove fluid from the lungs and test in the laboratory.
His complaints, however, remained without a diagnosis.
His health stabilized slowly, and he returned to his job.
From time to time, however, the symptoms returned, often after physical activity and heavy breathing.
In 2011, Abbott's a patient with similar symptoms in his practice, and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now, Abbott combined this with his own case.
After all, his patient was a few decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection was clear in this case.
In September 2011, Abbotts condition again deteriorated and his doctor brought his CT scans and X-ray pictures to a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott had felt ill for the first time, a probe equipped with a camera was inserted into the cavity between the decor of ribs and chest fur.
I am an optimist.
I am mostly just go, "he says.
To be honest, I had not even made me so many worries.
But Rachel, my wife was worried.
The result of the biopsy was in the week between Christmas and New Year: "They told me that it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Mesothelioma diagnosis
Suddenly, Abbott had appointments with Macmillan nurses, one of whom advised him to get a lawyer.
Only now, he realised the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very widespread," particularly in large public buildings, where pipes were insulated with asbestos, he said.
The people who were exposed to the asbestos in these buildings are now.
And so now be mesothelioma strikes younger people who have not worked in the traditional professions.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos insulation layer beneath the earth in hospitals, so patients were more likely to not exposed to the substance.
But many people who ate in pedestrian tunnels changed from one building to another (such as Andrew Lawson) or in underground restaurants (such as Graham Abbott often did), most likely to come in contact with toxic substances.
It turns out that the patients for several decades after the war hospitals were potentially lifesaving, but life-threatening for the doctors.
He is still.
Students from their Bunsenbrenner on asbestos mats.
And it is not only hospitals.
Asbestos was due to its fabulous insulating and flame properties often used in offices, shops, libraries and town halls.
Even schools.
In fact, many people have probably had the first contact with asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, thousands of chemistry lessons, pupils have parked their Bunsenbrenner on asbestos mats.
On the issue of asbestos sites is now often mentioned in schools.
And while innocent objects in our houses, such as floor plates or shingle roofs are included by default as asbestos.
"It's an industrial poison that is contained in large parts of our properties," Andrew Morgan, said the lawyer, who represented Andrew Lawson in his trial of Guy's Hospital.
In one case, the only contact, who imagined an affected woman, was the demolition of a Gartenschuppens in the 1970s.
So you, as you continue your garden shed.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to process it, Mr Abbott says.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but I realized that I could not concentrate on what I was doing.
Two weeks ago I was in practice.
Then I knew that I go and had to concern myself with myself.
Well, I will not see another Christmas.
The biggest difficulty with the perspective of the position of a doctor to a patient.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how he was overwhelmed by all the information with which he had to come.
"It was very difficult to absorb all this," he says.
"I asked my doctor how long I have?"
And it gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "Oh well, I will not see another Christmas.
That's "then."
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious because it is our life-support mechanism - breathing itself that caused the deadly cancer is.
Most cases of mesothelioma caused by asbestos exposure.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibres.
If the asbestos is infamous and resound to the fibers, they can look at the breast skin, the skin around the lungs set around.
Asbestos fibres irritate the breast skin and can cause cell mutations.
"The problem is with the inhalierten needle-shaped asbestos fibers," says Professor Tom Treasure, a heart/thorax doctor who in 2001 to Guy's Hospital.
The hospital, by Andrew Lawson claimed that it has exposed him to asbestos, ironically, is now a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated several others who were also likely to face during their training at the hospital of the asbestos.
Once the asbestos needles reach the lung tissue, Treasure says, "they are pushed by the breathing process, where the skin is.
By nature, it is invasive from the beginning.
The usual options for other cancers don't work so well for mesothelioma.
For example, the effectiveness of an operation is hotly contested.
Some say that it is worth a try.
Treasure denies.
"It is not the breast skin" cut out, he says.
They do not come around with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer is "not very well to chemotherapy," which shows the "impact," but not cure.
"Sometimes there are long-term survivors," says Treasure.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients actually live a long time, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis, Graham Abbott still struggling.
After he had contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came into contact with Andrew Lawson, who, four years after his diagnosis, a one-man support and consulting office for Mitbetroffene.
"Hello, cancer center," he imagined happily on calls.
"He was" very positive, "Abbott says.
He had received his diagnosis four years earlier and was still very active.
Originally, Abbott had been offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would last four months and is expected to extend its life by only a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, managed to make things in a slightly more positive light. "
Following the advice of several doctors decided Abbott, his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, cardiac-thoracic specialist at Guy's.
"We had an advantage by the fact that I had to be referred, I called and got an appointment," admits Graham.
A normal patient would have to receive a referral and wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial to-be mesothelioma sufferers, the best available therapies to exercise.
But if those treatments fail, eventually, inevitably, many people are of a different financial concern - the future of the families that they left behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher water House LLP.
"It's been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous for the health," says Morgan.
But what changed in the 1960s, it was realized that even a very low burden posed a health risk.
And here the negligence of the companies began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital finally put their case, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full compensation" because Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his contact was a mesothelioma asbestos on the guy's back.
After the investigation into his death, a spokesman for the guy's, however, confirmed that the asbestos fibres were removed from the basement area in the 1990s. "
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How can be removed asbestos
In fact, it is to-be mesothelioma sufferers who are seeking compensation, a huge problem, the deadly asbestos exposure to a company or a job, usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who oppose claims to know that the time is for them, but certainly not with the prosecutor.
In response, there have been significant new legislation earlier this year that it makes for easier Mesotheliom-victims to claim compensation, even though their former employers are no longer detectable.
The law has established a fund sponsored by the insurance industry by £350 million for those diagnosed after July 2012, show a contact, but will be able to sue anyone.
In these cases, the plaintiffs will receive 80 percent of what a court in a normal compensation process would appeal to them - about £120,000.
About 300 successful applications to the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks like so many Mesotheliom-affected that £350 million a "very good job" of the insurance industry.
"This is a deal from insurers for insurers," he says, and indicates that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay if the time had not gone away and mesothelioma patients-businesses find and normally they could sue.
Even Mike Penning, former work and pensions minister, admitted that the bill was "not perfect."
But both Penning and Morgan admitted that rapid action was given seven deaths a day.
"The people are suffering so much and need help now," said Penning during the second hearing of the mesothelioma Act in December of last year.
At that point, Graham Abbott for 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski.
After their first meeting Lazdunski Lang-recommended an operation from which he, unlike Tom Treasure expects a positive effect.
This was from a radiation therapy and chemotherapy followed - a triple therapy, with Lang-Lazdunski a survival rate over five years by up to 40 percent can present.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"This is, of course, the most important thing, Abbott says.
We see that time and time again in patients.
There is something that you can go on.
If you place, you very quickly.
Graham Abbott underwent the surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August, he was the last of the six cycles of chemotherapy.
After scans showed no sign of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were several spots around my breast cancer.
I was 50.
This is not life-threatening.
This is lebensbeendend.
Again Abbott underwent six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now, no trace of the tumours is more visible.
But the process is physically and mentally very tiring.
You need to think about practical things - about money, when I am no longer, for example, or my wife, show how the boiler time setting.
If you receive bad news, you will be negative.
You have to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, that is not always easy.
"It is difficult for parents," he says.
It is hard to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I said to my girls that I had a disease with which I would not be old.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and candies.
They told their friends, and it soon, we got a lot of calls.
Ellie was more restrained.
She said not much.
Such talks are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such talks are not of hope, not a trace of hope of survival.
The disease causes (such as for Stephen Jay Gould), a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body wrapped in asbestos clothing einbalsamierter pharaohs
Asbestos fibres that were used for the reinforcement of cooking pots and for greater heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
It was developed a fabric that is not flammable.
I have seen this stew napkins at banquets in the fireplaces.
The use of the modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (also notes) and fabric.
Major asbestos mines in Canada and South Africa will be opened and shortly after that, in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production is rising to more than 30,000 tons a year.
Statisticians from Prudential identify a premature death rate among those who work with asbestos and then receive no more life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says that asbestos particles in the lungs "without any reasonable doubt, the main cause of death."
This is the first case of this kind.
Kershaws employer, Turner Bros asbestos, assume no liability.
There is no compensation paid.
During the Second World War will be built on ships, one of the most deadly performances with asbestos.
Freiwilliger renunciation of the industry on the import of blue asbestos
An appeal court confirms the first successful persons compensation claim in Britain due to contact with asbestos.
The global asbestos production is rising to more than 4.213.000 tonnes per year.
Britain imports 139.000 tonnes.
A health and safety executive in Britain requires all companies that work with asbestos, for licensing.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in the UK.
Any use of asbestos has been banned in the UK.
The Mesotheliom law is adopted in Britain.
A compensation package of £350 million will be announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, white asbestos is still used in many countries of the world as a cheap building materials.
The global production of about 2 million tonnes per year.
China refuses to allow Hong Kong the right to elect government, protesters swear vengeance
On Sunday, the Chinese Parliament decided, despite the increased calls for democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the 2017 election of Hong Kong's electorate.
This approach probably fired the long-announced protests in Hong Kong's business district, while militants initiated the planning and mobilization on this within a few hours after the announcement.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress basically allows the Communist leaders did not reject all candidates loyal to Beijing.
"This is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," legal expert Emily Lau, leader of the Democratic Party said.
That is not what Beijing had promised.
They have lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of the Chinese decision, Li Fei, deputy secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said that the approval of public nominations for the election of Hong Kong's government "would be chaotic."
Since Cuba's control over Hong Kong in 1997, when Britain, the Chinese, Beijing has promised to let the people elect their government, in 2017.
The Chinese government on Sunday presented the decision as a democratic breakthrough, because it gives the people of Hong Kong a direct electoral law, but the decision also makes it clear that the Chinese government maintains the flow through a nomination committee tightly controlled by Beijing.
After a new clause only candidate "with a love for country and love for Hong Kong" should also be permitted.
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest and most effective public protests in Hong Kong have taken place for many years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong, the movement, Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to seal off the financial district unless Beijing allows no genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, were within a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of Occupy-Central-supporters in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
During the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement has reached a new phase of civil disobedience, and they mounted waves of protests in the coming weeks.
However, they made no details on this, apparently to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online statement shared with the organisers that the movement "the occupation of the central district, only as a last resort to, an action that is to be held only when all dialogue opportunities are exhausted, and there is no other choice.
We are sorry to have to say that all dialogue possibilities have been exhausted and the occupation of the central district will definitely take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have been preparing for days for the announcement of Beijing, and it was on the Sunday before the government building tighter security measures, including police and barricades.
The unrest is aggravated by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control over their city.
The influx of people from the mainland increases the competition for products and services.
In addition, the fear is that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech are beginning to crumble under the growing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticised the demonstrations by the Occupy Central movement because they are a business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong - is eroding.
"The protests, which they say could cause serious economic damage, depending on how many are involved and how long it continues said," legal expert regime Ip, who has long criticized the move.
We don't want to stoke fears that Hong Kong gets out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
China's state-controlled media also reported recently on democracy activists in Hong Kong as a subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral rights on which discussion was attended by people - more than one-fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands of people in one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations took part in the history of the region.
The tradition of the school balls in the US is now transferred to the universities, where remaining performances are offered by private plane.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand and to offer the UK's first luxury travel service for students today.
In a particularly impressive performance to achieve at the university, the company also provides transportation options such as private jets, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart stated that the service had a security division.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who would otherwise have their belongings in a dangerously overloaded car kutschieren across the country.
Together with our new VIF options we look forward this year to ensure that the students of the university, with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesman said that there were no new bookings, as the service has only just been introduced, but added that "students would book the service over the next few weeks."
The company also announced that despite the tuition fees of £9,000 per year, expect a market offer.
Students often differ in their expectations and demands from the students in 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and with VIF can be just that.
The National Students Union, however, criticised the service as aloof.
Megan Dunn, vice-presidents of the nus for higher education, said: "This offer seems to be completely separated from the lives of the majority of students.
Many of the students who begin this month with the study, are facing a crisis in the cost of living, because the available funds can be in the form of loans and grants by the soaring bills are the simplest life step before they even think about spending thousands of pounds on something as simple as the arrival at the residence.
Feminists criticise race and police behavior in Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed earlier this month by a police officer in Ferguson, Mon.
The participants raised their hands high in the air and chanting "hands up, don't shoot" while they waited for the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo., over the shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown the Bloggerin Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
After her experience, white feminist commentators put the sex before the race when it comes to reproductive rights and income inequality.
While the tensions, however, rose in the Midwest and throughout the country have received attention, Perez saw the responses of white women focused 100% on the race.
Compared with the responses of black women shortly after the shots on 9 August, the personal essays with titles like "thoughts on Ferguson came from a white woman" and "feminism is not just about the oppression of women" relatively late.
But for Perez that meant an important change.
"I do not think that you will find many people in feminism," the white and speak about his privileges in such a high-class type, she said.
People felt forced to say something about the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis in which we find ourselves, and because the situation in Ferguson is ethnisiert so that they have to express that.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell from the Ohio State University, Ferguson brought to light problems that black Americans are exposed to every day, but which are not considered "women's issues" in the cultural space.
"I can make something funny on Facebook about me and my partner and I get" 150 Likes from anywhere, "Mitchell said.
If I post something about how people of color are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to talk openly about a relationship, but not about safety in the public space?" She asked.
For black women, like Mitchell, race, gender and sexuality studies in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between race and gender issues.
For them, black women have not had the luxury to separate the issues of clean; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women now connect the issues of race and gender in the mainstream feminist circles, Angela Hattery, professor of women and gender studies at the George Mason University says that its predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the explanatory statement was almost always" the rape of a white woman, Hattery said.
White women had to be involved in the story to justify the murder of Lynch.
For Hattery was the split between white and black women to the point where white fighters for women's suffrage, such as Susan B. Anthony for the country in the late years of the 19th century, analyzed and stated that the battle could be the right to vote only for one group: Women or blacks.
"They made the decision to fight for women's suffrage and the right to vote" for blacks should come later, Hattery said.
When one remembers such things, one with power, why not trust white women, colored women.
We have not done our job well.
We have never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women were given the right to vote in 1920, it took a decade until white women against Lynchen in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching organized themselves.
The group was established almost 40 years after the initial request for assistance from black women, Mitchell says.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist responses to the issues raised by Ferguson - police behavior, racial discrimination - a mirror of the age in which white feminists "trapping" played with the problems facing black women is set apart for generations.
"Would it not be great if the activists, who include such traditional feminist platforms do a child's right to education as seriously as they do with the right of conception control Mitchell asked?."
The second generation feminists, who built their career on the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now trying to understand what this means.
The famous white feminist activist Gloria Steinem came two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pithy article by Rebecca Carroll, distribution of the Guardian, in which she calls for more protests by white Americans on the subject of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different but parallel reason to understand the danger inherent in the body - and opinions on race that are significantly different in public opinion polls - will make the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem represents a more intersectional feminism, in which race and gender issues, are some of their comments on the racial issue in America, amazed.
Christina Summers, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who stole Feminism?" To She The People said that young men are in the United States, especially young colored men, "far more vulnerable than their sisters" but Steinems comments about Ferguson are contrary to their earlier criticism.
There are now hundreds of specialized programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House is a small program, My Brother's Keeper, worked to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men recently, there were irritating reactions from many feminists including Gloria Steinem.
The ratio of police to the black community is not the only problem that is at the forefront of mainstream feminism.
After the U.S. border police nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors on the south-western border of the country has taken up this year, the issue of immigration reform to the surface again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairwoman of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilized women for immigration reform, said that for a reconsideration of the issue as an important women's issue, they only publish the stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," Mercado said.
If the vast majority of work visas go to male immigrants, women who accompany them, are in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories will find a reverberation in the women's organisations," she said.
"Pig-house" in Ipswich is for sale
The image of a house for sale has been removed from estate agents, when it became clear that there was a large pig, which they had made themselves comfortable in the living room.
The house has a bedroom, is situated on a private street in Ipswich and is being offered for £120,000.
Among the details of a picture of the living room of the house - which also included a pig that had laid his head on a sofa.
Estate agents Connells said, the pig in the photo is the pet of the owner.
"The photo was mistakenly released, however, and was now removed," said a spokeswoman for the company.
The exposé of the house Connells described the former council house as a "unique family house with a bedroom."
Although the broker has removed the image from the site, it still appears on promotional material.
The house was sold in the social media interest, when some wondered whether the pig is included in the purchase price.
The SW city Harvey is home to a new millionaire lottery win
A lottery player from Harvey's turn this month
The search for a new millionaire in the south-west of Perth continues, with a lucky winner, who receives from the lottery draw on Saturday nearly $1.1 million.
A newspaper kiosk in Harvey pulled for the second time in five years, the jackpot for the drawing of the first division, with $1 million in November 2009.
The lucky winner still has to come.
The shop owner Steve Forward said the profit to talk about in the small town in the south-west of Perth.
The city talks of nothing else, and everyone is pretty excited.
We thought that such a profit could occur.
Eight WA-winners last month have profits in the first division, a due conclusion for a few halcyon weeks for the players in the state.
Last week, a player from Canning Vale was one of five millionaires in August after a couple of Belmont reached only a few weeks before the mega profit of $7.5 million.
The winning pair had played for 20 years and said that the possibility of winning a world travel and the purchase of a new house would like them.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in WA this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Leonidas asked in the gladiatorial arena
Not just the gladiators were ankle deep in the mud at the first Rhine Bacher Römertag in the amusement park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract more than 1,000 visitors yesterday, which caused the rain showers and braved the cold autumn and inspired by the historical spectacle.
There was a colorful series of presentations, performances, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the bellicose fighter force of the gladiatorial school "Amor Mortis," which used a rain break to demonstrate in the arena with soft sand prepared their robust martial art.
Gladiators owner "Leonidas" turned out to be a humorous and knowledgeable Präsentator and successively sent his men into the ring to the heroic two gladiators fight in different genera.
First, the "Provocatoren" in line with original and short sword and leg rail on the left leg and Armschiene on the right arm.
The "Essedarii" with breastplate, sword and spear throwing and iron gladiator helmet, leg muscles and Armguard.
The appearance of the "RETIARIUS" who stood with casting nets, tridents and daggers against "SECUTOR" and after a short struggle, the lad was pushed to the ground.
It expects each metal swords, shields and throwing lances schepperten surrend flew through the arena that could be a fear and worry about the health of the gladiators.
But on the impressive "summa Rudi's," the muscular referee, an ever-attentive eye.
"We wanted to revive the Roman daily life and make the culture of the Roman times to life," Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizers "friends Romans channel" explained the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation time a "Roman" oppidum, a Roman city was out of the park for a day, as Deputy Mayor Claus Wehage said in his speech.
After all, the Romans brought war and conquest, not only in our region but also the Roman culture and a lot of buildings that we admire today.
The remains were the Römertag to admire about "aqueduct-marble" from eleven meters high and 1400 metre long Roman canal bridge, which once stood at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus company once was the water and energy supply, and now, and managing director Petra Fricke did: "We still take advantage of the knowledge of that time."
It also confirms a graduate surveyor Ralph saint from the "engineering team two" from Rheinbach, surveying instruments such as the Romans Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra.
The Roman villa in bare home presented sketches and models of the excavations in 1894 and bricks from the original Hypokauste, hot-air heating, once the Roman villa frying.
Inspiring the footprints, which were left behind by wolf and fox two millennia in the foot steps of sound before burning them.
In 2011, the office for land preservation in the state Rhineland had exhumed the remains of a Roman villa in the industrial park north of the Rhine river.
It found boundary walls of a commercial building with a Darre for drying grain and Mälzen.
The building was probably belongs to a Villa Rustica, an agricultural commodity, the archaeologist Dr Jennifer Morscheiser explained.
A number of findings from these excavations presented them in a glass cabinet, including a large plate, several fine glass vessels, as well as parts of a dainty necklace.
Villa did not exist from the first to the fourth century A.D., the Roman invasion of the Germanic tribes in Rhineland, Morscheiser suspects.
When her children were also with the Roman windmills game, similar to the current mill game or they wrote as the Roman students their names with Metallgriffeln on wax tablets.
At the booth of the Roman thermal baths, the children were allowed to place Zülpich mosaics, tinker at the booth of the glass museum Rheinbach glass mosaics and operate at the booth of the Nature Centre Eifel nice homes a serious wheat mill stone around the flour for the flat bread or cereal to grind.
With the two Kaltblütern drawn faithfully reconstructed Roman cars drove the visitors through the park and killing the impressive stand of the Municipal Gymnasium, which are the results of their "Roman project weeks" presented.
With a week of Romans from 13 to 21 September, the municipality Wachtberg, too, will contribute to the Rhineland far off Roman 2014 to remember the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago.
Together with the home and local associations, as well as the guards Berger walking club, the club and the amateur game circle Oberbachem will, among other things, thematic tours, lectures, cooking evenings as well as guided tours for school classes and to remember the Roman past guards Steinberg.
A Roman legionnaire, for example, will tell of his work on the windswept Wachtberg, introduced plants as living monuments of the Roman and performed a funny lesson in understanding between a group of guards Berger "Germanic" and two Romans.
The Aden Dorfer Elementary School is within the framework of a project of the Roman theme week.
With the Romans the other week, but more often at first sight visible traces of the Romans in Wachtberg are to be made again.
The town hall is a small presentation will recall the discovery of Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola: The West Africa epidemic affected economy
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a serious blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned, and international companies are based on distance.
The devastating Ebola outbreak in West Africa puts the economy a heavy blow.
The harvest verrottet in the fields, the mines are left abandoned and orphaned markets - the virus has afflicted the region difficult.
Even some international companies are already at bay.
"The Ebola epidemic is not just a medical crisis but also an economic", the head of the African Development Bank, Donald state situations.
Liberia is hit hardest
"It's a total disaster, we lose a lot of money," Alhaji Bamogo who sells at the second-largest market in Liberia's capital, Monrovia, says clothing.
In the market who want to buy food or something to disinfect against Ebola is only.
Liberia has been hardest hit by the virus, alone here, more than 600 people fell victim to the fever.
Recently, the health authorities declared that the disease has spread to every corner of the country.
In Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria, the virus has spread.
Overall, more than 1,500 people have died, thousands more stuck to themselves.
Foreign companies are pulling employees
Everywhere in the resource-rich countries put their operating companies.
Foreign companies such as the steel group Arcelor Mittal are repatriating their employees, several international airlines fly to the affected regions.
Even the local traders and farmers respond: Few merchants still leave their homes to buy supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are under quarantine, including the important for the export of cocoa and coffee beans are rotting in the fields.
Farmers dare not to leave the harvest for their homes.
Food are scarce
"People will travel less and less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert on the economy of West Africa.
For example, the man who normally goes to the market and sells its vegetables, prefers to stay at home.
The population sees the consequences of the epidemic and to feel urgent: Foods are scarce.
On the markets, the stock is dwindling in staple foods such as rice.
At the same time, the region depends heavily on international companies face a reputational damage - with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies across the region generally avoid for a long time, says Philippe Hugon, from the French think tank Iris.
What matters is how far and how long the virus would spread.
If investors could create the impression that "it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, and thus to invest," warns Hugon.
The disease also affects the strained state budgets of the states
The disease also affects the already strained state budgets of the countries concerned.
The rating agency Moody's fears that their budgets are severely strained by the high costs for the health system and by the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank has already promised to help the health systems in the affected countries, with 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
The effects are being already in Nigeria, where so far only a few Ebola cases have been diagnosed.
The oil-rich region in the southern Niger Delta is not affected so far.
But elsewhere, many people already stay at home for fear of infection.
Reservations at hotels, too, are clearly.
Blocks celebrate their 50th anniversary,
The protection association "fir forest" Berngau from 12 to 14 September, celebrates his 50-year-old foundation.
In full swing at the club fir forests protect the preparations for the 50-year-old establishment party from 12 to 14 September.
On Friday, 12 September, a large entertainment evening with the group "village rockers."
On Saturday, the big Boll is shooting at 6 p.m.
Then, "the mood in the large marquee evening with" STOA Palatine pointed Buam.
The brass band music
Highlights of the festive divine service on Sunday and 9.30 a.m. in the parish church and the large procession are at 2 p.m.
In the afternoon, the distribution of federal and Gauschießens.
A pretty sight of the 25 women will be stuck with their Dirndln.
It is the brass band Berngau.
The auspices were Mayor Wolfgang Wild and State Secretary Albert for arable.
The original designation "protect society fir forest Berngau" dates back to 1907, when the club was established on 21 March on the "social entertainment through exercise in Zimmerstutzen- and small-bore shooting."
In 1937, the Nazi regime had prompted the dissolution of the association.
As recently as 1964, 19 young men have found themselves who have taken on 30 April in the "new" protect Luke "fir forest" Berngau.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the club and protect champions through a difficult early period in which it was mainly about finding a club locally and to install the Schießbetrieb.
Back in the autumn of 1965, protect the club started in the pub "" Reading "with two teams in the round competitions.
In subsequent years, the marksmen were organized in seven teams established in all classes up to the 1st Gauliga.
The club records purzelten annually and the magic figure of 380 rings has been achieved for the first time in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
Just as the performance of active shooters have increased, the membership numbers have developed positively.
After the local association "" Reading "is no longer sufficient to protect the needs of a modern society, the former chief executive, has been under the leadership of John Rinn decided to create in the basement rooms of the new" country inn Härteis "a future home.
After a performance of 2700 hours pastor Strasser for granted on May 8, 1988, the new rooms to protect the religious blessing.
One of the great highlights in team history was surely the 44th Gauschießen, coupled with the solemn consecration of the new stand flag in July 1991.
On 23 and 24 April 1994, the association has to protect his 30-year-old founding anniversary.
A Böllergruppe was founded in 1995.
Was Josef Schmalzl Böllerreferent.
A major challenge for the "requires" and for the club as a whole, the orientation of the Bavarian Böllertreffens was 2005.
In many hours of volunteer work, the association members last year have modernized the rooms and the courtyard in Berngauer Schießanlage and thus brought to the latest state of the art.
Eleven teams in competitions rounds
You can also see the sporting achievements of the association.
There are currently 11 teams participating in the lap competitions: Six air rifle teams, an air pistol team, a sport pistols KK1, a youth and two AH-teams.
The first team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi, Kerstin Keller man has reached the round of 2013/14 by the highest league in Schützengau Gauoberliga (TOS) in the district of League 1.
The second team with Verena moss burgers Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml has soared from the North's Gauliga Gauoberliga.
In addition to the rifle events such as goat, offered and royal ball, club and have Christmas tradition.
With the shooters are among the festivities in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffered an accident in return to the track
Tony Stewart to return to the circuit ended about halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart went for the second time against the wall after his right front tyre burst on lap 172 and ended his night.
Stewart drove his damaged car into the garage and it left without speaking with reporters.
His crew chief Chad Johnston said his 14-member crew was disappointed, but now concentrate on next weekend's race in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we had a better use and had a better result for him," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and hope that we can do better there.
Stewart drove earlier in the race on Sunday night after a collision with Kyle Busch into the wall and had to get it repaired the right side of his car.
"I am acting today with fairly good hopes for a good result," said Johnston, and added: "It is not easy."
Not long after the second accident, Stewart was loaded into the trailer, and the team had packed and was ready to depart.
Stewart could be three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car hit another driver on an ash track race in the north of the state of New York, and killed.
He decided to return this week and win either in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond to win a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his job, during an investigation into the tragic incident, the death of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. was being investigated, and it was during a race on the road come to confront Stewart.
The authorities informed on Friday that the investigation into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
No decision has been taken on whether Stewart should face an indictment.
The three-time champion was received with great applause when he was introduced before the race.
After a start in 12th position, Stewart was reached shortly after the first 10 and temporarily was at number four.
After a restart on lap 122, Buschs was
Cars with the No. 18 out of control on the exit of Turn 2 and collided with Stewart, with both cars against the wall.
Stewart went further, but fell back to No. 21.
"Joyful dance sought
Just try: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and Director Lisa Neitzel (from left) look forward to recruits.
How many other clubs will also create the jazz groups on TV Jahn of the full-time teaching at secondary schools.
After the summer holidays, some groups have been decimated.
Now more kids will be looking for a sport that is healthy and great fun.
In both jazz and modern-dance groups from Lisa Neitzel, a former dancer in the jazz and modern dance-band "spirits" are just nine children.
"Three in a group of eight to twelve-year-old, six in the group of Zwölf- to 15 year olds," says the 20-year-old.
With more players would make the whole thing much more fun, "it could be very different dance choreography," she says.
If you want to dance, Thursday is between 17 and 18: 00 or on Fridays between 5 and 6: 30 p.m. in the dance sport space at the former hotel, free street, non-committal on the training time to breathe.
"The training begins with a Aufwärmprogramm regularly," says the trainer.
After that, different choreography will be practiced.
Jazz dance has the characteristic that there is no predetermined form and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements of folklore about classical music and sports and acrobatics are processed in the Jazz Dance.
Of course, the socializing.
"We are going to eat, look at dance films and we have already stayed in the dance space," says Lisa Neitzel.
In the group you can make friends, share a hobby and do a whole lot for their own motor development.
If jazz dance is not so, in one of the other offers of the TV Jahn to breathe.
Children and young people can always Wednesday into teaching in the areas of children's dance/jazz dance, Bambini-ballet, VIDEO-dancing and hip-hop into the classroom to breathe.
The dance is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples on the dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
Those who want to Discofox, Langsamen waltz, Viennese waltz, rumba, Cha-Cha-Cha and Tango, may look and participate.
Bulgarian prison warden protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison employees from across Bulgaria have organised in the capital before the Justiziministerium Sofia a nationwide protest.
In the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to restore their old working conditions that have been recently changed.
Even higher salaries are on a list of demands that the Interim Justice Minister Hristo Spasov Ivanov should be discussed.
The officials are protesting for a month symbolically against the new working hours and call for a return to the previous 24-hour shifts.
In spite of the meetings between the union of prison employees and representatives of the Justiziministeriums no agreement has been reached, the Bulgarian national ratio (BNR) reported.
The negotiations are continuing, the Director-General informed for the implementation of penalties, the BNR Rosen Zhelyazkov.
The protest of the prison staff is expected to be supported by members of the trade union of the employees of the Interior Ministry.
Ukrainian army has abandoned airport in Luhansk
The pro-Russian militants in eastern Ukraine are still on the rise.
After heavy fighting, in which Russian tank battalions were allegedly involved, the Ukrainian army has now abandoned the rebel stronghold of Luhansk airport.
At the same time, the army said that seven soldiers in the last 24 hours have been killed.
The Ukrainian president Petro Poroschenko had previously already drawn human consequences of the heavy defeats of its army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the top military leadership, without details.
Prorussische separatists shot down plane
Ukrainian government forces in the fight against pro-Russian separatists have shot down again after its own presentation of a fighter jet and two military helicopters.
About 100 soldiers have also been injured in fighting in the Donetsk region and killed the insurgents told on Monday, according to Russian agencies.
The Coast Guard ships sunk
The rebels also claimed to have sunk two boats in the Sea of Azov, for the first time, the Ukrainian Coast Guard.
The Ukrainian border service confirmed that two of its ships were trapped on Sunday near the port city of Mariupol under fire.
However, seven border guards were injured, a spokesman in Kiev said the channel 112.ua.
Two crew members were missing.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists also reported to have brought several towns in the Donetsk region under their control.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Belarusian capital of Minsk today meets Ukraine-Contact Group.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE as a messenger of the separatists from eastern Ukraine should participate.
All the players in the run-up used their appearances to publicise their demands.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO is due to the planned deployments in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis does not break its agreement with Russia.
NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday that NATO is the founding convention of the NATO-Russia Council in 1997.
The NATO chief, however, accused Russia of a "blatant breach" of the agreement.
"Today, we have to face the reality that Russia does not consider NATO as a partner," said Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from the Russian side, "that they see us as enemies."
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen has also announced that the NATO presence in Eastern Europe to increase.
At a NATO summit in Wales to decide "Readiness Action Plan" will ensure that "we have more visible NATO presence in the East, as long as it is necessary," Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow agree to new Gasgespräche
Russia and Ukraine have agreed to new talks, according to official figures to resolve their Gasstreits.
Negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Monday.
It will wait for a decision by the European Union, whether they Entsende a representative to the talks.
Due to the dispute over the gas price for Ukraine gets no more fuel for weeks from Russia.
Finally, EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger mediated between the two sides.
Ukraine has warned that Russia could cut off the gas supply to Europe.
Europe gets about a third of its gas from Russian sources, of which a large proportion of flows through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks Power Word: Toll will come clear. "
Now, the Chancellor acknowledges once again.
A licence for all the complicated details, however, is not.
Persistent concerns from the CDU against the car toll have increasingly forth the CSU.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel after sustained resistance from her CDU makes a word for the introduction of a car toll.
"In order to say it very clearly: It is in the coalition agreement, and it will come," said the party leader on Monday after meetings of the CDU's top bodies in Berlin.
In a detailed model Merkel established but not for the moment.
In the black-red government program were "certain parameters."
German Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) "have made a proposal, and will now continue to work on that."
The North Rhine-Westphalia CDU, however, insists on saying 'no' to a toll on all roads.
Merkel stressed that Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) rise to constructively in the deliberations on a bill.
He also talked over the issue with Dobrindt also about further ways to enable more private capital for investment in infrastructure, such as broadband.
"There is nothing special about" Schäuble said on Sunday a "mirror" -Bericht unkommentiert left his house to verify its own approach to motorway to reward investors with toll revenues - after the election in 2017.
CSU chief Horst Seehofer warned then against the toll approaches against the responsible minister.
Armin Laschet, CDU Federal Deputy reiterated his objections.
"The coalition agreement was never, all county and federal roads to charge for," said the North Rhine-Westphalia CDU state leaders.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer announced now, once again, to talk about the issue.
Opposition to the plans is the CDU's national associations of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Given fears that a toll would affect local border traffic to neighbouring countries.
Seehofer was asked about the toll of criticism from ranks of the CDU coalition loyalty.
The left sees the plans in the face of the dispute within the Union as a failure.
"The Murks toll is dead," said party leader Bernd Riexinger, the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"With the toll of the Minister fails." Dobrindt wants to introduce a toll sticker on all German roads, which is due to launch in 2016.
Domestic car owners should be charged according to the coalition agreement, but not more.
That is why they are on the car tax full compensation for the toll.
The model should be foreign drivers but under EU law does not discriminate against because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder often diagnosed wrong
A British woman says she thought as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years that she would die.
Karin Rodgers lived almost their entire youth in the belief that they have to live only a few years after she had been diagnosed with a different disease.
You actually suffered by the Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) - a group ererbter disturbances that the nerves outside the brain and spinal cord damage.
UK Charity CMT announced that diagnostic errors are a frequent problem in humans with CMT, because so little is known about this disease.
About 23,000 people in Britain probably suffering from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscle weakness, an uncertain course and curved toes.
Erkrankte also suffer from loss or pain, the disease is incurable and progressive, meaning that the symptoms become worse over time.
When Rodgers was 13, she believed that her peaceful kingdom-ataxia (FA) suffer - a disease with a very poor chance of survival.
Rodgers thought she would sit in a wheelchair, before they were 18, and die before their 30th birthday.
The mother of two children who is now 51 years old, said: "As a child, I knew that I could not do the same as the others.
I constantly fell and took everything from me.
I could never ride with other children skating or skateboard and was made fun of and often to go to school because of my kind.
Rodgers said that they saw at the age of 13 years after several operations to relieve their Achilles se and stretching their legs, their medical records, when her doctor had left the room and read that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I've told anyone this, but I went home, looked after the illness in the library and wrote to the FA's company," she said.
When I received a reply, I was shocked and terribly ran in panic.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair, with 18 and 25, and in the meantime would slowly lose all my skills.
I did it all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said when she was 17, it was clear that their skills had not been as strong as they had imagined and consulted her doctor.
He got up and hugged me and said, "my love, I do not think that you have it, otherwise you're now in a wheelchair."
I think you've something far less life-threatening.
After a number of genetic tests on her CMT has been identified.
"When he told me what it was CMT I felt like when I was a winner," she said.
UK Charity CMT has a CMT Awareness month started to draw attention to this disease.
Staff Sergeant D. Berni works for 1998 since the closure of the former training course than Feuerwerker
For almost ten years, will be shot at the former training site in soft.
Nevertheless, deadly ammunition in the heart of the Swabian Alb biosphere reserve appears every month.
The shells are sometimes so dangerous that they need to be blown up on the ground.
A deafening bang echoes in the explosions on the core of the biosphere reserve.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot fell on the training pitch Münsingen, which was closed at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military operations.
Since that time, the 6,500-hectare site is at the heart of the Swabian Alb biosphere area, which is open to 13 designated trails for hikers and cyclists.
The tax burden of businessmen in Washington is rising with the economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax issues for companies in the country increased slightly last year, while accelerating the economic recovery, according to a new study published last week, and the company in the Washington area was no exception.
Businesses in the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid $27.6 billion to state and local agencies in fiscal year 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent compared to revenue of $26.6 billion in 2012.
State and local tax burden of enterprises rose by 4.3 percent last year to $671 million, compared to 3.9 percent in the previous year, and it was the third year in a row of growth after several years of declining orders in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes increased more than the local taxes, by 4.3 percent, according to the study carried out by the service agency Ernst & Young with the Centre for Business Taxation, a tax policy group.
More than half of the revenue of the district, 56 percent, came from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of revenues come from Maryland companies.
Virginia has the lowest tax revenue with 28 percent of company.
Much of the increase in tax revenues is due to a recovery of the real estate value of companies, researchers, leading to an increase in property taxes by 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these profits from large states such as California, New York and Texas, the process also seems to be true for the Washington area.
Businesses in the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid more than $10 billion in state and local property taxes last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - a rise in the course of a year by 4.2 percent.
But the apparent recovery in the real estate values in Maryland is not as effective in improving state and local tax revenue, because the real estate taxes amount to barely more than one-fifth of the tax issues of companies.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. are paying almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of property taxes.
"In Maryland, the following happens: A large proportion of real estate, particularly in the fiscal area around D.C., is either owned by the government or non-profit organizations that pay no property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely much more on, for example, the income tax to be able to offer the same services that offer other states.
The recent recovery in tax revenues by companies can not only be attributed to the recovery of the real estate market
Company revenues appear to recover, so the data.
Businesses in the region reported on income taxes for state organizations of $2.3 billion compared with $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took a $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest amount in the region.
While the trend is heading in the same direction, the local tax burden on businesses is not rising uniformly in all three places.
The growth rate in the District met with 4.3 percent of the national average, while the rise in Maryland was significantly higher, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported an average tax revenue of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has 6 percent in all three areas, the significantly lower corporate income taxes (in all three there are fixed corporate tax rates).
The corporate tax rate in Maryland is 8.25 percent and the District at relatively high 9,975 per cent.
A similar study by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that in Virginia lower state and local business taxes are required and, overall, a better tax climate than Maryland.
In the study, the District was not investigated.
Despite the advantages of Virginia is under pressure from its southern neighbour.
North Carolina passed laws to reduce its corporate tax rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same rate as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the coming year.
If the state continues to reach its revenue targets for the coming year, this law could reduce the corporate income tax rate of up to 3 per cent by 2017.
In the meantime, it seems to be small businesses in the Washington area, and it therefore pay more state and local taxes, according to the most recent study.
Corporate taxes and personal income taxes are paid by small businessmen - a transitional structure in which most small businesses are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia increased last year by 20 percent to $2.4 billion, a faster rate of growth than the corporate taxes altogether.
The researchers say that the trend and the increase in corporate taxes across the country are likely to continue this year, with an increase of the general VAT revenues for 2014, the state and local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters compared to the same period of the previous year.
However, the region could lag behind Washington, if the federal government's spending cuts affects the labour market in the region.
Town: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt, a popular combination in China.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's partner city in China now wants a brewery and also hopes for a direct air-link between two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's partner city Guangzhou - so is the urgent wish of officials in China.
"We would appreciate it if a German brewery would settle in our city," said the vice party secretary of the southern Chinese metropolis, Li Yiwei, this week during the visit of a German delegation in his city.
Time and again, the leader of the ruling Communist Party of China during the course of the discussion on this issue of the Twelve-million metropolis.
Guangzhou, which is also known as Canton, is one of the richest cities of China, Li).
Therefore, the people also have the purchasing power to be able to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairman Thorsten Schäfer-posts, which led the German delegation, said to the host, he will be in Germany for a possible partner indeed pays for the project.
"It does not need" a lot of beer: Good water, grain and vitality, he added to the lunch with the top party in Guangzhou.
This life from Mr Li shall already, he flattered the hosts.
As a result, the official from Guangzhou with Shepherd's posts - but with red wine, which was served at the dinner.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German brewing.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German purity law.
More business transactions
A second request by the Chinese hosts would be a direct air-link between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said deputy party chief Li.
Lufthansa had offered the flight, but canceled in 2012 for economic reasons.
"It would be worth," the local politician was convinced.
"The trade between our two cities is increasing further."
Currently, travelers would have to take the detour via Changsha in Hunan Province, Li lamented.
The government of Guangdong Province, whose capital is Guangzhou, hoping for the flight.
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, this wish during his talks with the Social Democrats.
"This is a very good idea," said Shepherd-posts - the Chinese Vice Minister Li Jinjun, an intimate knowledge of Germany, nodded in agreement.
Warm the partnership
The contrasting vice party chief of Guangzhou hopes that Frankfurt next year at a partnership meeting can visit.
Although Li Yiwei was already on the Main, but not yet in this function.
He came to office only this year, after his predecessor had been promoted on corruption charges.
Also, the local party chief Wan Qing had to go over.
The action against the officials from Guangzhou, is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and the administration, which is enforced by President Xi Jinping to hardness.
The new leader Li Yiwei had worked against his party career for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Communist Party of China.
Before taking office in Guangzhou, he served as a top official in Fujian, where the car manufacturer Volkswagen built a great work.
Frankfurt has officially entered into more than a dozen town-twinning.
The link to the Guangzhou 9000 kilometres away is one of those that will be maintained by both sides, for example with a student exchange.
Last year, the 25-year anniversary of the Franco-Chinese relationship.
The southern Chinese city on the Pearl River, with its economic power is almost as strong as in Hessen.
Next year, she wants to achieve a gross domestic product of $250 billion, Li said.
The family of Joan Rivers "expresses the thumb"
Joan Rivers is in a hospital since they arrived in New York City three days ago, unconscious; her daughter is now hopeful that the 81-year-old comedy, recovering from their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said in a statement today.
We all express the thumbs.
Her mother, according to sources, was hospitalised on Thursday after an emergency due to cardiac stop in a clinic on the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, the Mount Sinai Hospital.
The doctors think they deliberately sediert and under close observation until they are more satisfied with their condition, which is described as "serious."
The reactions came from many quarters, including in the form of a vast online support from Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Friendly vacuum cleaners and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners, which are now on the market, stricter environmental standards apply in the future.
Much like refrigerators and washing machines to receive new vacuum cleaners from 1 September to a label on which the purchaser at a glance can detect key data such as the efficiency of the device.
Apply for new cars in the pollutant class "Euro 6" more stringent nitrogen oxide levels.
In addition, there is more money for the scaffolders: Get a nationwide uniform minimum wage if euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed that information was reported on Monday morning: The online retailer - and video producer, and a multitude of other things - buys the video streaming service for $1.04 billion Twitch (US $970 million).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because no one had expected a takeover of Twitch, but because it was widely assumed that the company would buy YouTube.
Three months ago, it looked as if the sale of Twitch on Google's video service is determined for a cool billion, and cooperation, of course, also appeared.
Twitch, which only three years ago as Justin.tv, was started as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it was rapidly becoming a platform for players who wanted their bravura pieces published in games, a "YouTube for live games," says an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let's play," a genre in which the (mainly) older-better games give a veneer of science, are already very popular on YouTube.
It is simply the case that YouTube is often referred to, if you want to describe Twitch, included the news that YouTube wanted to buy Twitch, a bit bored, a textbook example of an established technology company that buys a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal did not materialise with YouTube, since the company was reportedly willing to pay as much as Amazon.
Everything we know about it at the moment, this statement by Emmet Shear, president of Twitch: "We opted for Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision, and they want to help us to go faster."
Another secret is, frankly, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs like me who declare that they would rather drive than watching sport, it is hard to understand the attraction that assumes to watch others playing rather than even the control console.
It is one thing to see a friend at 3 a.m. on the shoulder while she sneaks through Resident Evil, and quite another to watch a nutcase, he was shot 20 times in a row in Call of Duty in the head.
All of these games you could see now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are ego games, can watch without their own control over the prospect of facing a really good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the fast runs, the Roger Bannisters undergo in our electronic age whole games in record time, entertaining.
But unless a game or humour virtuoso, is his Twitch-channel probably not so very interesting.
But what sceptics like me already know about?
Twitch called from 55 million different visitors a month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic.
And how exactly Amazon wants to make money from it?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch is integrated so elegantly in Amazon Instant Video, YouTube Twitch can easily swallow.
But has Twitch something any company would like: Thousands of young men, who are being courted by advertisers.
As the chairman of Twitch, Shear said, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming" and the media shows no signs of contraction, or even - Schluck - as a spectator sport.
On the bouncy castle with the castle garden festival there was on Saturday.
The concept of the organisers.
Despite the strong Regengusses on Saturday evening, an estimated 1,200 music fans came to the open-air festival in the castle garden.
At times, the doors had to be stopped.
"It was annoying," Ron Sem, one of the organizers said.
Salzwedel, the light and fun.
From two Spanish words Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem have formed the name Amula.
The Open Air in the Salzwedeler castle garden is to radiate light during the day and in the evening with various shows.
Oh, and the fun comes from alone anyway.
This was the early Saturday, when the first visitors had gone to the open air.
A feast for all generations, the organizers promised.
And that is them.
Around the food stalls on the castle garden lawn Salzwedeler, but also guests from both had it.
She watched the first live performances, wippten with the foot to the beat, enjoyed cool drinks - in short: Pure relaxation and enjoyment were called for.
And across the generations. "
While some on blankets on the extra lümmelten angekarrten white sand at the beach bar, with a quarter of wine in the wine shop will, "raged on the bouncy castle, which was a big attraction for the younger guests.
But even when children's face painting, the volunteers had to do in the truest sense of the word, all hands to the crowd and to conjure up imaginative creations in the little faces.
The older children used the table football tables or took part in a skateboard-workshop, which the good foot-crew of Salzwedel.
Until the heavy rain came.
Just before 5.30 p.m. he prasselte to visitors, especially families sought the vastness and nest.
But the attraction of the festival did not diminish.
"There were" more people than expected, Ron Sem, who spoke of a "success across the board," said.
That is why a repeat of the large party to anything next year.
Although it must be worked on content and size of the event, Sem made a first record on Sunday against the popular vote.
He described as angry that the doors had to be halted in the meantime.
Obviously, the security company had been booked with too few forces.
The result: Some people who had already paid for was no longer on the site.
The response was very good.
In a first cautious estimate of Salzwedeler participation spoke of about 1200 visitors who tummelten in the castle garden.
There were problems with the sound.
The Salzwedeler hip hop band blocks "n" Rox broke their presence so unnerved.
The engineers were not able to create a reasonably decent sound.
The planned Ali Baba Restaurant lounges could not be established, because the tents for a puncture to Salzwedel.
"But next year they will be," according to the organizer.
The premiere of the Amula-Open-Air was the visitor numbers more than succeeded.
And in bad weather. "
However, the organisers have made a number of mistakes that will have to be forgiven for the first time, but removed in the second edition.
Even in the social network Facebook, the organisers need to criticism.
"Sorry, but for 12 euros you have expected more," says Melanie Meier on the event page.
"You have" unfortunately you a bit, says Ele Zimmermann at the same place.
Others see the initial problems are not quite so closely.
I think it is very good that some chat not only stupid, but also really try to put something on their feet.
Hats off!, "writes Stephanie Jenß to Amula.
Now a year is the time to address these criticisms.
New Radom in Berkum: Watch Berg's landmark is
This is not as expected.
Rather, the underlying component ready waiting to be deployed into the distinctive building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure, nearly 50 years after the creation of the space surveillance radar TIRA renews the body, the so-called Radom, completely.
The new bicycles with a diameter of 47.5 feet to be slightly smaller than the old one.
The size but still remains a world record.
The final step is to complete the new cover of the canopy exchange
The upper quarter of the hull will be separated and removed with a crane.
After that, the last quarter of the new case will be.
Unless the weather, the action at the beginning of this week, is to go beyond the stage.
Participant at the Ice-hoping-Challenge dislocates itself Kiefer
Isabelle Roberts from Britain cried so much when your eiskaltes water was poured over his head that they violated the bone structure of her face.
These Ice-hoping-Challenge was painful.
A woman was admitted to the hospital after the Ice-hoping-Challenge had cried so much that they are the jaw ausrenkte.
Isabelle Roberts from the United Kingdom circle want so much when your eiskaltes water was poured over their heads that they violated the their facial structure.
"The water was so cold that I cried, and I stand with the fact my jaw was, simply," she said to The Mirror.
Ice water was poured over the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but it was not, the jaw was verhakt, and then I realized that something was amiss.
My mother and my sister saw it and made to laugh about in the pants, but I was in the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from Britain, was admitted to the hospital, to the jaw after taking part in the viral trend right again on Tuesday.
The clip has been linked to an Internet sensation and a thousand times on Facebook and Twitter.
The clubs will soon pull in the same direction?
Finally, there was still a dispute between the two houses Castle.
Now the boards are thinking about a possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolf's Castle, the late Richard Dimbath, former chairman of Wolf's Castle Friends, the Guédelon project in French.
Only a year ago, a good climate between the castle and the castle friends Wolfratshausen.
The very different positions seemed so far, as with the story of the Wolf's Castle and a possible reconstruction should be handled.
Now, the two camps to move closer together, it will soon be held talks on a common approach.
The club that stands before Torsten Sjöberg (Castle) and Herbert Piffl (castle) to confirm our newspaper.
"I phoned Mr. Piffl and proposed that we could sit down together once," says Sjöberg.
In his opinion, all members of both clubs could pull together again in the future.
Thus, visible successes are faster.
While friends of the castle to the suddenly deceased Richard Dimbath had until recently a reconstruction of the castle in the mountain forest, the "development and Erlebbarmachung" of the site of the castle to Sjöberg association at the forefront.
Piffl Herbert, chairman of the castle, has been looking forward to the phone call.
Since Dimbaths death he heads the castle.
A new chairman is to be found in a general meeting in mid-September.
Currently, the association is the 74-year-olds, according to about 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath we have let the club activities out of respect to rest first." This "thinking period" was needed to consider "how it could happen."
According to the new chairman Piffl will then go into the conversation with the castle.
Until then, the friends could also make a current mood within their group.
A candidate for the presidency, there is not yet at the moment, Piffl says.
"But I am confident that somebody will find" and he does not want to stand, because he has his residence in Bad Toelz.
The new chairman should be a wolf council houses.
The Toelzer wanted to cooperate in the project, "but very happy to continue."
The different positions in terms of reconstruction will be in the eyes of Piffls remain well in the near future.
He acknowledges as a "missionary" Dimbath, who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipedream.
Due to a high level of participation of the population, as well as by volunteers from all over the world, they are a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "I was sceptical at the beginning.
But over time, more and more I have come to believe that it would be useful to advance the project. "It could be a" unique selling point "for the river city.
Here, there is nothing else.
In addition, the project would be through EU subsidies, visitor tickets and potential sponsors fundable, believes Piffl.
"The idea of the reconstruction, I personally do not simply throw it overboard." He hopes that the club moves perhaps on this point.
Their goal is to document the story first, "is important and good."
After that, we could see further.
Smart ways to save on university textbooks
Since the cost of uni-textbooks for many students more than $1,000 per year will be considered a fast second semester student Matt Schroeder, a clever idea of austerity.
He invented a surrogate system for books by students of higher semesters and a nominal compensation offered to delay the sale.
"My maths book usually costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-biscuit," said Schroeder, 19, of the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester would have cost $430, he said.
He spent $120.
The College Board said that on average, the students spend more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and study materials for students, however, there are various options for cost containment.
Online stores and creative approaches, such as the Schroeders are becoming the solution of choice for students.
Renting textbooks will be more popular, and so students can use a book for a semester, often at a considerably lower price than at the time of purchase.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university bookstores, said that the hiring of textbooks have doubled since 2011.
In industry surveys show that about a quarter of the books in the college bookstores last spring semester was hired, said Vice-President Neebos Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all the textbooks will, according to the trade association, National Association of College Stores in campus bookstores.
Here is the ABC for the best deals.
Buy online
Several new books online cost only a third of the price for which they are in the campus bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, but can be purchased in a specialised retailer Chegg.com textbook for $239,99.
Buy used
If one of the notes of others or normal usage tracks, used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is used to having Chegg.com for 93,49 $.
Matte Casaday, 25, a graduate student at Brigham Young University, says that he has spent on Amazon.com 42 cents for a used copy of "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was sold for $48.
Academics like Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls advised students to check with their professors, whether previous editions are admissible.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the seminar work.
In such cases, older issues can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to Chegg and Amazon also helped .com by eBay Inc is a popular alternative for used books.
Renting
The hiring of textbooks is worth considering if you treat them fairly well, remember to return it, and you keep the books after completion of the course.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased books.
For example, a student might "Calculus" for the duration of a term rent for about $20.
Find out about the rules of the business where you rent, even beyond the criminal charges that may be incurred for writing, or usage tracks.
Renters beware: If you do not return the book to the criminal charges, even the price of a new book.
E-books
Even e-books, rather than traditional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes, these books are actually rented by an electronic license is provided for a certain period of major retailers such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
At Chegg "Calculus" for 6 months rent for about $61.
Bracey says that students often find in literature courses, the best deals, because these days many classics can be downloaded for free scientific and engineering science textbooks, can be very expensive.
Look around in any case.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon visit the pepper Dine Law School, recommends the ISBN number for price determination for books, because you can be so sure, finding the right textbook.
And in an online order, you should verify, Gault, whether the book is actually available.
He learned this lesson the hard way.
He bought a book for four weeks and eventually paid the full price in the college bookstore.
Why "Guardians of the Galaxy" was a blockbuster
"The Expendables 3" by Sylvester Stallone played a less than 30 million dollars of his $90 million budget in the United States, while "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" recorded only 12 million dollars in its budget of 70 million dollars.
Cameron Diaz in the movie "Sex Tape" tailored, played on an opening weekend just 14.6 million dollars, children's films such as "Dragon 2" made slightly tame while also disappointed on revenue.
An article by the Telegraph's film critic Robbie Collin indicates that the children's films, the lack of quality in the films themselves may be the reason.
Collin described 2014 as "the worst year" for children's films so far and described "Dragon 2" tame easily made as purely "functional" fantasy sequel.
In movies there for a slightly older audience, however, it seems as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore- and Meta Critic rating for every summer movie release, between the American Memorial Day and July 20, 2013, and in the current year to at least 2,000 screens.
The results are based on the opinions of film-goers and film critics and indicate that this year's movie hits are equivalent to those of last year.
Some commentators argue that the trend to changing viewing habits and the growing popularity of Web-streaming services such as Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently appearing in Disney's Jungle Book film soon, works on the website Hollywood Reporter, said: "I think the times are changing."
We have to accept that and not try to chase after the past.
In contrast to the currently weak box-office results of the Hollywood productions recently reached Netflix Streaming content with sales of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year, in which the turnover stood at 837 million dollars.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized the movie studios that they concentrated too much on series of comics and predicted a "meltdown" of Hollywood.
Seen in the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that his grim prophecy could well contain a true core.
In the summer of 2015, due to the expected potential blockbuster, including disorder: Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, other representatives of the film industry, however, are more optimistic.
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, described the decline in box office results recently simply as "cyclical" and told the Hollywood Reporter: "The next summer will be the biggest summer ever at the cinema box office, and no one will worry more about the business."
A few years ago, when the 2nd district ping-pong class for the purpose of streamlining the leagues and divisions, this is a step in the right direction.
Now, the German table tennis federation has taken an additional third Bundesliga into the program.
The result: Anyone who is not.
For example, Göttingen class top team Torpedo in Relegation the descent to play in the coming season, but only fünftklassig.
Viertklassig torpedoes ladies remain, despite their grandiose by march to the regional league.
The boys and girls of Torpedo in the Lower Saxons start league, just like the boys of the SC Weende.
The SG ling and the torpedo-reserve in the new association, league to league in the country are no longer represented in the two clubs.
The ladies of the TTV Geismar plays in the league, the game second in the National League.
What looks like the composition of a better class of district, is now the new constituency of Upper League South.
The TSV seul, VfB Lödingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bove, SV, Langenholtensen, FC Weser and the TTC.
In the district of league play as a regional representative off field and the SC Weende, in the district of TTC II, Rot-Weiß, Bove-SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III The district league starts of at least.
Güntersen, the TTC and TTV Geismar II are here!
In the District League Torpedo III and lush Hausen/Wöllmarshausen start to run.
With nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girls in the small district league.
The district league relay of the SCW-boys - there still starts Torpedo II - is not complete.
In a district class Geismar, Tuspo Weende and Bove, SV go in the season.
In the first season of the newly-formed Association of the Göttingen region county leagues start with nine teams.
In the West squad are the Rot-Weiß II, Bove-SV III, Laubach II, Torpedo IV and V, MTV historically, Fields SC II, Mielenhausen and SG ling learning.
In the East, among other things, unbelievable relay play Hausen/Wöllmarshausen, Nicholas Berg and Landolfshausen.
The women's circuit league consists of lush Hausen/Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, seul (II, Tuspo Weende and SG rhume.
That is still better than in Osterode, where no women at district level team.
It is remarkable that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen to strength, the innovative and lavish circuit board will ever have to worry.
NATO summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend, there were protests by opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport on an anti-NATO march.
On Sunday, about 150 people in Cardiff before the local town hall came together to hold a so-called counter-summit.
For us, Stephen Fairclough has followed the developments over the weekend and talked to protesters who have travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenagers from the Blue Mountains flown
Zwei teenage bush walkers were associated with the winch to safety after they were trapped on the night in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man collapsed shortly after Sunday lunch at Govetts Leap in Blackheath on her tour.
Worried relatives called the police at about 8 p.m., when the two were not returned to their homes.
A search party made up of local police and rescue services went on and the pair were found at about 11 p.m. near Bridal Veil Falls.
The girl was injured in the knee and the man had fallen and had turned his head.
Emergency crews remained overnight at the couple, and they were flown on Monday morning.
She was hospitalised in stable condition with an ambulance into the Blue with Hospital.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
The roughly 1,000 protesters were soldiers from the PTV's buildings have been pushed, Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said.
The station had resumed after a good half an hour of the broadcast.
PTV director Athar Farooq said the protesters equipped with sticks have damaged equipment in the editorial.
No deaths or injuries have been reported.
The demonstrators are demanding the resignation of the head of state, whom they accuse of election fraud.
The police said, about a kilometre from the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday, it had come back to around 3,000 demonstrators clashes with security forces.
According to hospital figures, a policeman was injured.
Over the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 injured when protesters tried to penetrate Sharifs residence.
They call for the resignation of the prime minister.
The powerful military has had on Sunday evening after a meeting at the army headquarters to a political solution to the conflict, "with no time to waste, and without the use of force."
It was said in the statement: "The Army remains committed to its role to ensure the security of the state."
The escalating violence has fueled concern about an intervention by the military, which has often in the past elections.
The opposition politician Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri, a preacher-led protests continue since the Independence Day on August 14.
Sharif rejects a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had called on their supporters on Sunday to endure.
"We will not go back, without having forced Sharif to resign," said Khan.
Qadri was similar.
Khan accuses Sharif of having won the parliamentary election in May last year through fraud.
Qadri is demanding the resignation of the central and provincial governments.
Then, a transitional government is to reform the electoral system and call new elections.
More than 40 thousand security forces are deployed to protect the government district.
The demonstrators had initially stayed peacefully in front of Parliament until Khan and Qadri called her over the weekend to go to Sharifs residence.
Hütteldorfer for second season victory at number three of the table.
With the 2: 0 on Grödig for Rapid has taken a bitter week hoping the end on Sunday.
"The victory is very liberating coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had reached the end of the Europa League on Thursday with a deep said.
"The sense of achievement was very important," acknowledged captain and career Steffen Hofmann, with green-white space on three coasts.
Schrammel-Traumtor brings Rapid Rapid to victory with the second season victory gave the right response to the disappointment against Helsinki and comes with a sense of achievement in the game.
"We wanted to show a positive response," said the outside defender Thomas Schrammel, which, with its splendid leadership volley in the 14th minute from Sechzehnereck paving the way to victory.
"I thought I hau Thursday all the frustration and schnalzte him under the bar," said the 26-year-old smiling.
When Novmember Schrammel had taken on 13, 2010 for the last time, so far, in a league game, it was for Ried.
The first championship match in rapid-Dress will therefore remain in special memory.
"For me, this is something very special, I am from the Rapid-kids," said Schrammel.
Due to the short-term pelvic-Schrammel Blessur Mario Pavelic has moved from the left to the right side defensively and also made his point very well.
He has enough experience that he can put this position also reversed.
The goal, he has earned, he has already done a couple of assists this year, "praised Barisic.
Team character Schrammel shows delivered the flank for 2: 0 by Hofmann after one hour, which finally brought the decision.
Because before the guests could have a talk.
"Thank God, we had some luck today," Schrammel, who alluded to the divergence of performance and result in recent weeks, said: "The results have not voted, but it was" always good spielerische compared to last year.
Barisic was even that one is "better" in many games earlier than today - against "the strongest team that played this season in this stadium."
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July have therefore proved that the team structure is intact in spite of the setbacks: "Today, my team has shown that it has character."
No less gratifying for him: "That we finally played to zero."
A lot of work during play, too, the fact that a number of failures with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni alar and Michael Schimpelsberger to mourn, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp pushed be citizens gave their Startelfdebüts, makes the victory even more precious.
"We must not forget that," Barisic, who lost in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic Players, "which were very stable lately warned."
Therefore, the need to be used to "to lick wounds and go up a little bit in the physical realm," said Barisic, five U21-choice players in its ranks.
One, which the break is particularly well situated, Captain.
He is important for the team, goes beyond pain.
Especially in this difficult phase, he has shown that he is a very important player for us, "noted Barisic.
Hofmann gave the Rapids before his replacement in minute 68. Not only the structure but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year-olds, which his 350th league game, it was the first hit of the game since November 2, 2013 - 4: 2 more so).
Hofmann thought: "Is that everything is now fine" "We certainly have had a bit of luck, but at some point, the luck will come back to us.
Now it was "high time, Hofmann said.
He urged, however, to concentrate work: "You may not always see that black and white.
In the last few weeks, we have not played as badly as it has been portrayed.
We must not think that everything is now fine.
The importance of his role for the team, he could not deny.
It is a very young team, which I can help at the moment.
The stick in certain phases but to me, "Hofmann said.
Grödig coach Michael Baur and his team had little to blame.
He regretted the fast against hit "from the category Zaubertor" as well as the regular gate of farm in the 40th minute, which was denied by the referee Kollegger wrongly.
The only criticism I can make is the team that we were in some stage of the gate not specific enough.
Because we have had too little.
Similarly, defenders Maximilian Karner saw it: "It was just bad, but then we have found and even made a goal.
By and large, more would have been inside.
Under this view Ruh prevails
A powerful tribe we showed in our puzzle task of the summer series "My piece from the Rhöner happiness" last Friday.
Several of these giant trees still exist in the county, the specimen is "Geißruheiche" above under white.
A bumpy one footpath leads up to the approximately 600-year-old oak tree.
It is past fields, basalt outcroppings and basalt stone seas.
A bit below the quarry from Bauer, a mile north of the road to Weisbach, as it stands.
Vital is the natural monument, it extends over the other trees in the area and remembers with a circumference of more than eight meters to an American sequoia.
A small Buddha on a tree stump suggests that there is a spiritual or mystical place.
But despite intensive research, there were only hints of the name of origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider asked the extra Bischofsheimer archive consulted and elderly people from among white, to learn what it did with the Geißruheiche Bewandtnis.
The result of his research was the rather sober explanation for the name.
So the goat herders are up about 80 years ago drove their animals under white straight from the laboriously cleared of stones and liberated meadows.
At the foot of the tree, the exhausted animal keepers from the rise should have rested.
In the meantime, the area has won back its significance, because goats graze in the meadows, in fact.
The area has also been declared to the core zone of the Biosphere Reserve, Schneider has found.
Upon entering the stone collections, one should be careful, however, because the sun heated basalt for Cross otters is a popular haunt.
A hiking trail leads from under white straight to the tree, which is somewhat hidden.
Other routes are signposted to climb the high mountains and invite to a long hike.
Where is the water castle?
A water castle, looking at our next task, however, is to be found in the amount.
The reflection in the ditch already gives a good impression of the building, but we have some historic buildings in the county, which could fit the building face.
Where is our "piece from the Rhöner happiness"?
My piece Rhöner luck
As in previous series of the Main-Post in recent years, there is also this year again to win if they have the right solution.
Those who like to shoot themselves, may also participate.
Among the e-mail address red.neustadt @ mainpost.de you can us the solution as well as your own personal "piece from the Rhöner happiness" under this heading.
The best photos will be published.
After weeks of tug-of-war with Italy's prime minister and current EU chairman, Matteo Renzi, against strong conservative resistance at the EU summit last week, the nomination of its Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini as the head of the EU's foreign policy, it is successor to the British, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi sees the government reflects near daily La Repubblica, the appointment of his government team, the favourite current Mogherini as the strengthening of the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He expects a boost in his "package" in Italy.
Last but not least, Renzi hopes the repeatedly risen against him left-wing party base to provide calm, as Mogherini is assigned - albeit more moderate way.
Compared with the conservative representatives with Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and the President of the Council nominated Poland, Donald Tusk, the prevailing opinion in Rome, so that a political settlement.
After all, the EU's chief diplomat is at the same time, deputy of the Commission President Juncker.
The pending approval by the EU Parliament is considered to be safe.
Otherwise, President Giorgio Napolitano could have the nomination of the 41 year politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) called a "major recognition" of Italy's role in the EU.
La Repubblica inspires optimism that the leaders for almost two decades following Hitler's death-and known for its ambition Mogherini will rise to the "enormous challenges."
The native Roman is married and has two daughters.
Your party career began in 1996, the German political scientist in the youth organisation of the former Democratici di Sinistra (the Democrats), which together castle itself in 2008 with the Catholic Centre Party Margherita to today's socialist PD.
In 1999, Mogherini was for three years, Vice-President of the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth (European young socialists.
With the election in 2001, the left-wing Democrats Parteirat she climbed into the high party politics, worked in the department of foreign affairs, whose head she was soon.
They occupied traditional focal points of Italian foreign policy, such as the Middle East, through studies on the NATO operation in Afghanistan, where Italy has a contingent is known, used the contacts with the social democrats in Europe and the democrats in the US.
Since 2008, she has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies, where she is an expert in defence and European and international affairs.
When, in February 2014, Renzi was prime minister, he appointed Mogherini to his Secretary of State.
If the PD again today, a better relationship with strong peace movement in the country, with more than 40 percent of the party votes in the EU elections in May, then, as is noted in PD-circles, Federica Mogherini a share.
The representations in Brussels, the new EU High Representative have too little diplomatic experience, so lacking in substance, will mean in the PD.
In Brussels, mistrustful of realistic accents, especially from Poland and the Baltic members, followed her on the crisis in Ukraine and vilified as "Russia-friendly course."
It supports the Russian company Gazprom's South Stream pipeline through which Russian gas directly, bypassing Ukraine should be transported to Southern Europe, which also serves the energy security of Italy.
In July, Renzi after his term as EU president had commenced, Mogherini went on her first state visit to Moscow.
Photos with Putin at the shake-hands, were received with outrage in Brussels, just that the Kremlin chief for October, invited to an economic summit in Milan.
A total of nine young people have their training on Monday at EMZ-afterwards in Nabburg started.
These include an apprentice who has previously completed a different training in the company.
In four occupations of the new employees are involved in the future: Engineer (three apprentices), mechanic (two), mechanics (two) and procedural mechanics (two).
All trainees come from the municipality of Schwandorf: Tobias Brown and Thomas Bücherl of Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, John Beer from nine, forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel carefree and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new apprentices visited before a primary or secondary schools and secondary schools.
From Wednesday to Friday, the trainees of all vintages, as well as the trainers at a team-building event to Oberammergau, where, among other things, a full-day hikes and rafting on the River Inn on the program.
The company employs 435 throughout Germany and 950 employees around the world.
The number of trainees is spread across all vintages.
The Socialists in France should "keep their mouths shut and put France in order," the most important ally of François Hollande said.
Mr Valls called on the deeply divided left, "to show their love" for the controversial socialist president, whose cabinet reshuffle has met with disapproval in the vast majority of the French.
The president deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain by their side," he said to loud applause.
As reassuring, the prime minister insisted that his government's controversial 35-hour week in France, despite fierce demands for an easing of regulation of Emmanuel Macrons, the new economy minister, not question.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande had called his Mitsozialisten to stand "united" with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, the justice minister, shared a spanner in the works in which she performed at a meeting of rebel Socialist member of parliament and the Socialist party criticised the fact that they take the French "faith in their future."
Marine Le Pen, the far-right leader of the National Front derided the constant infighting of the Socialists and said that she could not imagine that the new Valls government would last more than a few months?
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls does not either, they are forced to form a new government, if not the old has survived a summer.
"And also the new autumn or winter is not" survive, Miss Le Pen told supporters.
She repeated her party's call for a dissolution of parliament and said that she is confident to emerge as the winner in the early elections and is ready for government.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front was in the EU elections in May.
A survey in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche showed that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party is exposed to the risk of falling apart before the end of the term, Hollande's 2017 into several rival factions.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at Sciences Po University, warned that the French would quickly lose patience when the new Socialist government get any improvement in the economy and record unemployment figures.
"There is a small window of opportunity, but public opinion quickly needs to feel that things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise $shortly before a deal with Prestige Cruises of 3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise travel providers in the world, according to experts of the industry leading advanced negotiations to buy the rival Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion.
A Deal Oslo Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, giving access to the luxury cruise ships by Prestige Cruises and its wealthy clientele, while it competes with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) in the competition.
An agreement could be announced as early as this week, said the sources on Sunday and warned that the talks could also end without result.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also owns a share of 20 percent of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous because the talks are not public.
Representatives from Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not reply to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo refused to comment.
The Miami-based company Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenues were $2,57 billion in 2013, an increase of 13 percent compared to 2012.
Prestige Cruises, based in Miami, operates under the brand names of Oceania and Regent, which jointly operate eight covered on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenue of $1.2 billion for 2013, an increase of 6 percent compared to the previous year.
The cruise industry as a whole stands at about $29 billion, and over the next few years it is expected due to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
The companies try to position themselves for this new customers as the best choice for cruise operators.
Prestige Cruises requested by US regulators in January 2014, the IPO.
Apollo, the majority shareholder in the company since a $850 million deal in 2007.
Oslo Cruise was established in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise company owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and casino company under the control of the Malaysian multimillionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo 2008, $1 billion invested in Norwegian Cruise.
Oslo Cruise went to the stock market in January 2013.
Genting was at the end of June, according to licensing authorities, 28 percent of the shares, 20 percent of the shares, and Apollo, the private equity firm TPG Capital LP accounts for 8 percent of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Oslo Cruise come together, according to the documents, the original application for the IPO of Prestige Cruises on 82 percent of passenger capacity in American cruise ships.
Pro-Hong Kong activists condemn China the day after the election.
A group of Beijing loyalty waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, on Sunday adopted a framework law that allows only two or three candidates for Hong Kong's leadership election in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the majority support of the nomination committee, which is expected to be staffed with members loyal to Beijing.
This decision will make it almost impossible for opposition democrats, to be allowed to vote and pro-democracy activists to their threat come true and with "Occupy Central" -Protesten cripple Hong Kong's financial centre.
Political reforms have long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; and the party leadership of China fears that calls for democracy to expand into other cities.
Following the publication of a White Paper in Beijing, where the dominance of China in June, said on Hong Kong, democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the special administrative region, where hundreds of thousands of people in the business district of the city, marched and organized a sit-in.
Li's survey is organized by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The vice-chairman of the Law Committee of the Standing Committee; Zhang Rong Hun, deputy director of the office for Hong Kong and Macao Affairs of the State Council, Feng Wei, should be consulted in the course of the day.
Student activists announced to gather in the afternoon in front of the office in Hong Kong's leadership.
Britain has until the end of 150 years of colonial government in Hong Kong, no democratic elements.
Putin demands from Kiev, the inclusion of "state-talks" with eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to Russian media reports, demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stop fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and immediately begins with negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskow clarified later that Putin had not meant that they are under the control of the separatist regions of eastern Ukraine will be a part of Russia, but that his status needs to be redefined to Ukraine to give the Russian-speaking region, the power to represent their rights and interests.
Putin's call for the Kiev government to negotiate on an equal footing with the pro-Russian insurgents, however, fits into his since the beginning of the riots five months ago, apparently persecuted strategy: Aid for the separatists during the adoption of areas and pressure on the Ukrainian government to the newly proclaimed region Novo Rossija de facto independence for an alliance with Russia instead of the West.
In an interview with the state-owned TV station Channel One, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture the areas held by separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow had annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently described the area as "Novo-Rossija collected" or "New Russia," a term that recalls the revolutionary heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all those Ukrainian politicians during the campaigns for the elections on 26 Okt. and government groups of civilian communities in the areas held by separatists hope to attack early peace talks "are caught" in their illusions, told Itar-Tass.
"We need to immediately begin detailed discussions," not only technical issues but also on the political organization of society and the state status of the south-eastern Ukraine to protect the interests of the people who live there, he said.
Peskow said that Putin's reference to the statehood must be seen in the context of the greater autonomy that has been discussed for months by the Kiev leadership to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas, that their cultural and linguistic rights have been compromised.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern regions, Peskow said.
We are not talking about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, Peskow said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but" an internal conflict in Ukraine.
The clarification of the Kremlin spokesman for correcting the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored the leadership of Russia in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east, in contrast to the direct Annektion Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have far greater difficulties to annex the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians and polls from before the conflict showed a large majority of the remaining in Ukraine.
The autonomy, which was raised by Russian diplomats at international forums, would give the regional governments in Ukraine authority to negotiate your own trade agreements and foreign relations, and about the Kremlin's de facto control over an area that connects the Russian territory of Crimea.
The absorbed five months ago in the Black Sea peninsula is also the home port for the bulk of the Russian navy, as well as an important trading port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostov region in Russia and Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries, who make key components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed in his speech at the inauguration on 7 June that the Ukrainian legislation - after fresh elections - should consider amendments to the constitution that allow greater control will be given to the respective areas of their finances and the status of the languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems to stand in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, which Moscow is accused of arming and incitement.
Putin's recent call on Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders on an equal footing, followed by another invasion by the rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks across the previously peaceful region along the Sea of Azov has invaded the eastern Ukraine.
The Russian-backed separatists took over in the coup, according to Ukrainian security official fears is the first step in a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to Crimea, the control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason, massive civilian and military preparations are under way to fortify Mariupol, a steel industry port with 500,000 inhabitants, which lies between Nowoasowsk and the narrow access to the Crimea.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels and asked for urgent action to create a further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that is independent for 23 years.
"We are nearing the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit agreed no concrete action, the leaders called for the drafting of further sanctions against Russia, which Ukraine unspezifizierten escalation in a crisis is to enter into force.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk, after two Russian armored columns and 1,000 soldiers broke into the Donetsk region last week to support the beleaguered separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council report said in Kiev on Saturday.
Probably the first 63 Ukrainian soldiers who were trapped by the Russian invasion in Ilowajsk were exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers who had been taken a week ago on Ukrainian territory, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Nude photo scandal involving Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey noblest made no secret of his anger about hackers who presumably nude photos of his fiancee Gabi Grecko and a Who's Who of A-celebrities from Hollywood were stolen.
The film is in excitement after a series of clear photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a hacking scandal involving celebrities have appeared on the Internet.
The responsible hackers probably has about 60 nude photos of Lawrence, star of "Tribute of panem" and of superstars, including the model Kate Upton, Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and the actress Kirsten Dunst.
Of the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and Grecko from Melbourne were supposedly private photos on icloud-gap.
On the list of 101 celebrities.
Best, who was deeply in Auden last month with Grecko, told Confidential: "It's disgusting."
The private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, currently in New York, reportedly told a news website that the hack was "shameful" and that the victims were "injured."
The hacker is probably 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two shots in which she is topless in a swimming pool.
Among the films include Palmers "love is invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-Star Strahovski and actress Browning from Sucker Punch were yesterday for comments about the hacked images are not available.
A representative for Did Lawrence "said:" It is a horrendous violation of privacy. "
Actor Seth Rogen condemned the hacker in his tweet: "Usually to post images from a mobile phone is nothing other than the sale of Hehlerware."
This purely legally redistribute stolen images should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and walkers were yesterday at the 8th chimneys on the Great Feldberg and thus have the association "help for children with cancer".
The tour, which was a torture, represented a moderate workout for the others.
However, all were unanimous: It was fun. "
Should Thomas Studanski have slept well last night.
For the first time in his life, the head of the Oberurseler brewery came yesterday with the wheel on the Feldberg.
For the good cause.
The small muscle soreness, he can easily wegstecken there, given that the participation in the 8th chimneys have brought him to the Great Feldberg in favour of the association "help for children with cancer" (Frankfurt) personally a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I now know that I can do that - fine!"
Small a quick break on the way in the applause curve?
Nah, if I had even stopped from warming, "be...
As Thomas Studanski for the CDU city parliament sits in many of the 718 participants Oberurseler tortured, yesterday in the mountains and near Frühtau came to the exhaustion, but happy on the plateau.
Others, however, it became easier to overcome the best eleven kilometres long route between high mark and Feldberg.
For example, Norman Dießner.
The whole red or Green politician from the local authority - red dress, red bike - did something at the start of understatement ("Any amount of professionals, because the goal is arriving!"), but then turned on the mountain but as a semi-professional and went after 45 minutes without breathing.
It is also through the route in one go, like Nina Kuhn, press spokeswoman for the town of Oberursel, together with Frank green iron.
For the two triathletes was the "Feldberg-cycling" is not necessarily a sporting challenge: "This is about charity, because we are happy with it - an exit anyway, we would have done today," said Kuhn.
Along the way, they had taken Paul Wenzel from Upper tyres.
The boy (12) was down dangers on the morning after Oberursel to go soon to the height.
The Frankfurt Florian Zierz had swung in the morning at 9 o'clock at home in the saddle, "" made the Feldberg two times to roll home with fun then.
Fun also had "fries-Toni."
For the head of the Oberurseler cult kiosks are cycling on the Feldberg.
He was with his 6.5-kilogram-racing 40 minutes setting.
A crazy event.
For this purpose, I am happy ", Andreas Balzke said.
The muscular Mainzer says that he is an "ambitious racing cyclists."
That must be it, because he was with the "Fixie" bikes, which are also racing bikes, but without the circuit...
It was that even without a wheel loose upwards, not just the 20 hikers who climbed over the White Wall and the Fox dancing up to the summit, but also a Jogger, herzog on a cord of a car tyre with weights behind him showed.
Mountain Rescue-doctor Professor Volker Lischke, who, with his team, equipped with all-wheel-drive Bully and Quad, for security, said: "" I kenn from Frankfurt, who trains for a special sled trail, only that he prefers the sleigh containing himself. "The man is, in a sense, his own sled dog.
The 718 participants - and hence so many were like never before - have been sent in groups in the morning on the track.
First the hikers at 9.30 a.m.
It followed the first cyclists and runners at 10 o'clock.
Five minutes later, the first mountain bikers off.
Bent Hansen, Chairman of the Association "cycling on the Great Feldberg" gave the starting squads and wished the participants a beautiful trip.
For next year, he hopes that it will be possible to block the route to the field up to the safety of the participants.
