The prime ministers Indiens and Japan met in Tokyo.
Of India of new prime ministers Narendra modes in Toko, in order to discuss economic and security-political relations with his first important foreign visit since his election victory in May Shinzo Abe meets his Japanese colleague.
Mr. Modi is on a five-day travel to Japan, in order to strengthen the economic relations with the third biggest economic nation of the world.
Plans for a stronger nuclear co-operation stand right at the top on the agenda.
According to reports India hopes beyond that for a contract to defense co-operation between the two nations.
Police of Karratha arrests 20-year old after fast motorcycle hunt
To escape a motorcycle seized, after the driver had driven it with 125 km/h in to 70 a km/h zone and by shrub country, in order the police in Bilbara.
Traffic policemen in Karratha tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after they had observed it how it left a gas station with 125 km/h on the Bathdate Road.
The police reports the fact that the driver the stop signals ignored then and on Burgess Road continued to drive, before he turned into the shrub country, where the officials lost it out of sight.
The motorcycle as well as a person, those the description of the driver corresponded with a house in Walcott Way in Bulgarra were later seen.
The police of Karratha accuses a 20-year old man of the neglect of a stop signal as well as inconsiderate driving.
It is to appear on 23 September before the district court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was guaranteed and seized for three months.
George Webster accused of hotel rapes in Naim and Pitlochry
A man stands because of the rape of women in two hotels in court.
George Webster, 28, was read out the accusation with a hearing of highest Gericht in Glasgow.
It is accused of on 7 June 2013 a woman in the Scotland's hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire to have raped.
The accusation reads that Webster attacked it, while it was unconscious “slept, and could not signal agreement.”
Webster is accused beyond that on 4 May 2014 a second woman in the gulf View hotel in Naim in the Scottish highland to have raped.
Judge lady Rae set the date of hearing for 17 November at highest Gericht in Edinburgh.
Recollection on the very American ideal of the labor laws as human rights
The congressional representatives Keith Ellison and John Lewis brought in a parliamentary bill, in order to establish the organization of trade unions as civil right.
“As trade unions, die also the middle class jobs die,” said Ellison, a democrat from Minnesota and deputy chairmen progressive Caucus in the congress.
Therefore I present the employee enabling act proudly together with the civil right icon John Lewis.
This innovative law gives the same legal possibilities to workers with discrimination because of the organization of trade unions as with other forms of discrimination - and stops so anti-into a union stopped forces.
The addition of the national labor law law, in order to create a possibility for a discrimination suspended workers for the organization of a trade union agency to receive in order to complain before a civil court around justice - and around payment of damages or fines - is a meaningful and necessary initiative.
But it is not with security a radical initiative - anyhow not after American standards.
Actually the best way is to understand its that Ellison, Lewis and the further sponsors of its bill suggest, the connection back to a very American idea.
To expand and keep despite the setbacks, the trade unions were exposed to which in the past years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states generally speaking country - have Americans once countries in all world encouraged to recognize labor laws.
There was a time, which millions of Americans still remember, when this country called democracy, free speech, freedom of the press and the right of association in a breath.
When after the Second World War Japan occupied the United States, it encouraged general Douglas Mac Arthur and its staff the country to adopt a condition which is to guarantee that the militarized autocracy Hedki Tojos was replaced by democracy.
In full consciousness its that the workers and their trade unions took new Japan a role with the creation, used it a language, which recognized explicitly that “the rights of the workers to combination and common negotiating are guaranteed and acting.”
When the United States occupy Germany after the Second World War, Dwight David Eisenhower and its staff the Germans pushed general to write a condition which would ensure that fascism Adolf Hitlers was replaced by a strong democracy.
In acknowledgment of the fact that the workers would have themselves to organize, and their voting in the new nation raise should, the Germans inserted a clause, which stated explicitly: “The right will improve to create combinations to secure around work and economic conditions and each particular and each profession or trade guaranteed.
Agreements, which limit this right or aim at, it to diminish are zero and futile; whereupon aiming at measures are illegal.
When the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the presidency over the international human rights commission, by which the universal declaration of human rights was sketched, as it was taken over 1948 of the United Nations as world-wide agreement, inserted Roosevelt and the other authors a warranty that “everyone has the right, to trade unions for the protection of its interests to form or them step.”
For generations Americans accept the basic premise that labor laws are human rights.
When this country other countries advised how one could form civilian and democratic societies, Americans explained that the right to the establishment of a trade union - and whereupon that this trade union may participate then in collective negotiations as equivalent partners with enterprises and government agencies - to be protected had.
After these rights came in America under bombardment are it actually much point to lead itself the American ideal again before eyes therefore the working population the right to have must to unite and provide in a free and open society hearing.
As minister said Martin Luther King Jr. before fifty years:
History is a great instructor.
Now all know the fact that the workers' movement did not limit the strength of the nation but increased it.
By the rise of the standard of living of millions of people work created a market for the industry in wondrous way and raised the entire nation to inconceivable levels of production.
Those, which attack the work, forget these simple truths, but history retains them.
History remembers, and which we should also do.
The formal acknowledgment of the labor laws as human rights - and the extension of the protection of the civil rights as protection against discrimination with the creation of representatives for the employees - is for a long time overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals, which made America in the past and which promises of democracy redeemed large.
Judge stops temporarily law that to the locking could force all abortion hospitals in Louisiana
A US-Federal High Court Judge stopped the conversion of a law to Louisiana on Sunday provisionally, of whom lawyers said that it would have probably led to the locking of all five abortion hospitals of the state.
This measure, which was raised from Bobby Jindal, governor from Louisiana, in June to the law and on 1 September to go in effect was, would force physicians, who would drive through abortions, to it, to acquire a patient admission right with a hospital within a radius of 30 miles around their practice.
The decision of the judge means however that the physicians would drive through provisionally further legally abortions can, while they request such a right.
“The plaintiffs can continue working law-conformal, while they strive for the acquisition of these rights,” wrote Federal High Court Judges John deGravelles in its judgement.
Within one month a hearing for the judge is set, in order to cause for the law a more permanent decision.
Abortion proponents welcomed the decision, which youngest in a set of judgements said against similar measures and that physicians would win so more time, in order to attain ill.
“The today's decision means that the women in Louisiana escape a perfidious law, which wants to take their health and their rights to them” said Nancy Northup, Präsidentin and chairman of the center for reproduction rights, which had complained in the name of three of the five hospitals of the state, in order to stop the law.
It was not directly clear whether the judgement extended also to the physicians from the two hospitals, which had not followed the complaint and had not likewise requested briefing rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 states, which issued similar laws, whereby courts explained recently such measures in Alabama and Mississippi for not constitutional.
Key places of a law in Texas, which would have forced most of the hospitals remained in the state to the locking, were stopped by a Federal High Court Judge on Friday.
Abortion proponents and the American college OF Ostretricians and Gynecologists as well as American Medical Association say agreeing that briefing rights require unnecessary restrictions of physicians.
Abortion opponents hold out that the measures serve the protection of the health of the women, although some also the effects of a locking of hospitals welcomed.
Only one physician, who accomplishes abortions in Louisiana's, had patient A INSTRUCTION RIGHTs, communicated the center for reproduction rights.
If all remaining physicians in the state are forced to accomplish no more abortions this physician became from fear around its security the operation any longer would not drive through, said the group.
With their argumentation against the judgement representatives of the state said Louisiana that they would not punish physicians because of the execution of abortions, while their requests for patient instruction rights would be still pending.
Delayed diagnoses and entrance lacking to the best possibilities of treatment lead to higher death rates by ovary cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and its brother James placed a video homage for their mother online, that died to 2007 at ovary cancer.
For women in the rural areas of Australia a higher risk exists to die at ovary cancer than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians, with whom 2005 ovary cancer was determined, and stated that only 25 percent five years were after the diagnosis still alive.
The research chief Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research of institutes said that for those, which lived in rural and remote regions of the state, which was appropriate for number of deaths risk during the study by 20 percent more highly than for those in cities.
SMALL STUDY: New drugs could slow lung and ovary cancer down
The researchers examined the medical supply of the women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman with the diagnosis, which likewise the chances of survival affected type of the ovary cancer, existing pre-existing illness as well as the social and economic status.
For older women and those, whose cancer had continued to progress at the diagnostic time already, the survival rate lay lowest.
For those, which lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the number of deaths risk lay during the study by 20 percent more highly than for those in cities.
Although the study did not examine, why outside of the city living women with higher probability at ovary cancer died, Dr. Jordan assumed a late diagnosis and the entrance lacking to the best treatment centers as possible factors for it.
“This illness is treated best by gynecological oncologists, and these are to be mostly found in larger cities,” told them.
Despite the improvement of the telemedizinischen services, in order to oppose the distance somewhat, she suggested as possible remedy a reinforcement of the service of flown physicians to supply in order to give to specialists the possibility, to women more closely at their residence as well as treatment programs for humans outside of her region.
Dr. Jordan said the fact that the study showed a bad long-term survival rate independently of the geographical status in the case of women in the ovary cancer and underlined the need of better treatment and precaution strategies.
The study financed by Rio Tinto Ride ton of Conquer CAN cerium today in the Medical journal OF Australia one publishes.
In March 2013 received Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years from the gold coast that she had an aggressive form of ovary cancer.
Garden centers regret sinking home-owner numbers
The decrease as well as intensified sinking of the number of home-owners under 35 years could lead to the fact that garden centers lose ten thousand pound per year, if the today's young consumers according to a study of the HTA, how in the Financial Times reports, which reaches “nuclear age group for garden products”.
The report means that tenants spend on the average 55 percent of the amount, who spend humans with home of one's own on their garden.
The rise of humans, who live in high urbanized areas without gardens, which is popular procedures to asphalt front gardens for park purposes and the sinking garden size further factors, which threaten the industry, in which estimated 5 billion £ in the sale is converted annually.
In the region London, in which during one period of 6 years the portion of houseowners of 61 to 43 percent is fallen, the smallest expenditures for garden products per household are reported.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society point out that living to the rent or small gardens does not mean that humans cannot pull plants.
Guy Barter, chief garden advisor for the RHS said: “Container gardners is for example with tenants much likes, because they can carry their plants forward with a move.”
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the “golden age” of the garden retail trade due to rising houseowner numbers and economic prosperity of the late 1980er up to the center of the 90's.
It prognosticated for this year in addition an improved market situation because of the better weather after unfriendly weather conditions in the March and April of last year.
The protest movement in Pakistan, stated by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the clergyman Tahirul Qadri, continue.
In the capital Islamabad stormed approximately 1000 demonstrators the national television station PTV.
Minister of Information Pervaiz Rashid said, the protesters would have known soldiers however PTV building urge.
The transmitter stopped its enterprise for approximately 40 minutes, sends in the meantime however again.
At the same time approximately 3000 demonstrators tried to arrive at the residence of prime minister Nawaz Sharif.
Remotely from it they supplied a kilometer approximately supplied with sticks and stones collisions with safety forces.
The police used tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded Sharifs resignation, this reject however.
The army of the country reminds meanwhile to a political solution of the conflict to waste “without time and use without force”.
After a meeting in headquarters on Sunday evening divided the military with: “The army remains obligated for its role to ensure the security of the state”.
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and already more frequently revolted.
The opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Prime Minister Sharif with the parliamentary election in the May of year passed to have cheated.
The protests had on the weekend escalated, after Khan and Qadri had called their supporters to penetrate to Sharifs residence.
Three humans had been killed.
Turkey summons US-diplomat because of espionage report
The Turkish State Department summoned the serve-oldest US-diplomat of the country to information of a report over American and British espionage in Turkey.
Vice-prime minister Bülent said that the representative of the US embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel as well as the online magazine The Intercept announced that from the earlier US-analyst of the national safety agency, it shows Edward Snowden that Turkey was a principal activity area for the US-American and British secret services.
According to Turkish press agencies Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan played the importance down of the report and said that all important countries spied themselves mutually.
An earlier report that also the most important secret service of Germany Ankara in the visor had, provided for clearly more annoyed reactions of the Turkish government.
Token strike: Engine drivers threaten with consequences for commuters
The country wide token strike of the engine drivers on Monday evening could impair also the passenger traffic in North-Rhine/Westphalia.
That for 18 to 21 o'clock announced stood references country widely all public transport companies, also the far from, regional and rapid-transit railway traffic,
The main axis the effort of the token strike is the goods traffic.
Photo: A. Burgi/archives
the district chairman of the trade union of German locomotive drivers (GDL) said, Sven Schmitte, in Duesseldorf.
We count on substantial losses.
Regional emphasis do not give it.
The main axis the effort of the token strike is the goods traffic.
The German Railways in North-Rhine/Westphalia announced to do everything in order to keep the effects as small as possible.
The GDL did not say however, where she wants to strike, so that it is heavy to foresee the consequences concretely.
Police head accused by Magaluf of the corruption
The prosecutors submitted proofs for extortions to the office of the state lawyer of Mallorca on Friday by policemen and employees of the city Calvià.
The boss of the police of Calvià on the vacation island Mallorca was arrested after accusations of corruption by businessmen and barbel seaters in the notorious Binge Drinking Hotspot Magaluf.
Main commissioner José Antonio Navarro after accusations of corruption against it of several businessmen from Punta Ballena, which road, in which the most bar and night club of Magaluf lie, in custody taken.
According to the online daily paper Mallorca Diario the prosecutors submitted to the office of the public prosecutor for corruption fight Mallorcas on Friday of proofs for extortions by policemen and employees of the city Calvià.
Two further local policemen were arrested by the Spanish Guardia civil in connection with the accusations of corruption and are asked together with Navarro by a judge.
The national Spanish daily paper ABC reported that the annoyed owners of nightclub stated, the nepotism of the authorities has serious effects on its business.
“It does not concern any longer the money making, it goes around surviving,” said to one of the businessmen to the court.
Leave our base of life from the play.
We do not have to lose anything.
Magaluf made international headlines in this summer due to a viral YouTube video, in which a 18jähriger British tourist was shown, who carried out at 24 men during a Sauftour Fellatio.
The island authorities tried since then to stop the order-adverse behavior of holiday-makers under the influence of alcohol in Magaluf as the number of participants in the notorious alcohol-soaked pub crawls was minimized.
The Playhouse club, in which the Fellatiovorfall took place, was forced for one year to the locking, during Playhouse and the pub crawl organizer Carnage a punishment of 55.000 € (73.000 $) to pay together to have.
The tourist place Magaluf, which likes particularly with young British holiday-makers is, is also well-known for some accidents under the influence of alcohol, among them also the trend of the “Balconing”, with which humans of a balcony on the other hand or of a balcony jump into the hotel pool.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions impairs flights from the airport Adelaide
SPRING gave a winter surprise to south Australia, with violent showers and strong wind, which flights from the airport Adelaide from impaired.
In the evening to 21 o'clock further 5mm rain fell on the city, after 6,6mm, which had already come down at the night to Sunday.
The last precipitation was the result of a row short, stormy shower, including a casting, which began shortly before 20 o'clock and provided for nearly 4mm precipitation in approximately 10 minutes.
After the winter had provided last week for an early dose spring, the temperatures in the city fell on Monday a maximum value of only 15,8°C.
The blustery weather conditions probably led to the late landing of a flight of Virgin airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The airplane should have landed direction shortly after 19.30 o'clock, however by wind shears was met - a sudden change of the wind velocity or - over a short distance - and had to wave off.
Gusts of wind reached at this time about 50 km/h at the ground on the airport Adelaide.
The flight data showed that the airplane had finally to wave off also with a second approach flight and around approximately 20,40 o'clock touched down.
The flight delay led in the consequence to the delay of some other flights, including an emirate flight from Dubai and a Quantas flight from Sydney.
For Adelaide a maximum temperature of 16°C, with possible showers is predicted on Tuesday.
Matthies means: High time to large interlacing
In view of the galloping technical progress, which threatens to transform our comfortable home into high-tech control centres, our columnist Bernd Matthies with electronic accessories extremely trusted comforts itself.
While I write that here, falls my view of the coiled cable, which connects the listener with the telephone, and I think: Boah, how retro is?
But behind it a consideration puts: If the cable were not, in no time all listeners would fly around abandoned in the house, and that would still importantly be more retro.
Anyway is valid on the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typing errors: electronic) sector the rule that the world first is today the electrical scrap iron from tomorrow, bought - becomes outdated.
And who has for example still today another tube television in the living room, it says with the fact only that he rejects television in principle.
Why these considerations?
Because the crushes of the Ifa at the radio tower this week again our absolute incompetence leads us in questions of electronics before eyes.
The layman, who controlled early washing machine and CD player blindly, does not even understand today the purpose of the devices, which are spread with incomprehensibly vain expert speech before it: “Connected Home, Wearables, Health Care and urban Technologies” promises us the press office.
Yes, it goes still?
About what is one to talk with people, which spread obviously voluntarily such quark?
In the reason it concerns yes for approximately 20 years above all that we are to interlace kindly our house.
So that orders itself additionally yogurt, so that the fire alarm communicates us on vacation on the Maldives that it burns in the work room degree.
And wouldn't it be marvelous, if we from the office the air conditioning system on our imminent arrival…?
Yes, however an air conditioning system presupposes.
But a dream completely certainly shortly true: We lift our wrist-watch, say it according to “sucking!” - and at home the dust suction robot drives off.
Err.
Everything runs out on nothing smaller than a revolution: “The borders between whiter and brown goods blur”, murmur an industry insider, one can the washing machine with a headphone connect, the steam oven send the weather forecast and the data glasses show, how long the pizza in the baking-oven still needs, which uses however nothing, because we are located in the back-up.
From daily practice we know in addition: If newfangled equipment is really urgently used times, is guarantees the accumulator empty.
Which a further reason for it is that the coiled cable at the telephone will survive also the next radios and television exhibitions.
Israeli children return to the war to Gaza to their schools
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas in the proximity of the Gaza Strip returned on Monday to the schools, after they had spent the summer in air shelter, while rocket and mortar fire came down on their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and the Hamas and remained closed the schools in Gaza, while the area recovered from the fights.
The school start brought in the south of Israel a feeling of joy and expectation to the communities drawn by rocket bullet holes, but the indications of the fights are still fresh.
In the southern city Ashdod removed employees of the “Pashosh” - kindergarten, which was met by a rocket, before the arrival of the pupils garnet fragments from the walls and sliding panels.
“We have a little fear, but are excited,” said Ronit Bart, Anwohnerin in the Kibbutz Saad and English teacher there.
Many children from our area need urgently the return to a routine.
Her 11-year old daughter Shani Bart said, it feels “a little strangely” to go suddenly again into the school.
“That were difficult times, and we did not go at all out of the house,” told them.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the Kibbutz the close border to Gaza, in order to offer its support.
Until an armistice interrupted the war last week remained thousands of inhabitants of the border communities such as Saad in its houses or their houses left, in order to pull and the rocket and mortar fire escape into safer areas further remotely from Gaza to.
Many inhabitants of Nahal Oz, a community in the proximity of the border to Gaza, in which a 4-year old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar, still hesitate with the return.
The Ministry of Education communicated, about a dozen to families yet did not return.
Their children were accommodated provisionally in other schools.
Prime minister Benjamin Netanjahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town to Gaza, which is heavily drawn by the Palestinian bombardment.
It appealed to the children to learn much and said “we will ensure that their knowledge acquire and offers you security.”
Israel and Hamas agreed on past Tuesday on a unbefristeteten armistice.
The cessation of hostilities provided for an immediate end of the fights; important problems remain however unresolved, like the demand of the Hamas after an abolition of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade by Gaza and the reopening of air and seas port in Gaza.
Israel demands a disarmament of the Hamas and the delivery of the corpses of two Israeli soldiers killed with the fights.
A new round of indirect discussions will begin presumably still in this month in Egypt.
In the war more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed, three quarters of it civilians, and at least 494 children according to estimations of the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies these information and estimates that it concerns with at least half of the killing fighters, submitted however no concrete proofs for these information.
On Israeli side 66 soldiers and six civilians, under it a Thai worker, were killed.
Hamas and other fighters in Gaza fired 4,591 rockets and mortars during the fights on Israeli cities, most in the south of the country.
Meanwhile the Israeli military accomplished more than 5,000 air and different attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of houses in the Gaza area and about 250,000 humans searched in more than 100 UN-schools refuge, which were converted into provisional shelter.
While tens of thousands of humans live further in the shelter and the fights persist, the education authorities shifted past week the beginning of the school year.
“I hope, the school am soon again opened, so that we can learn further, as the children in the world and the Jewish children,” said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year old boy, who lives at present in a school in Gaza city.
After choice in Saxony: CDU Vice-Chairperson Strobl questions NPD Verbotsverfahren
In view of the voice losses of the NPD in Saxony CDU Bundesvize Thomas Strobl for an end of the current NPD Verbotsverfahrens before the Federal Constitutional Court expressed itself.
Berlin - sound CDU Bundesvize Thomas Strobl should current prohibition procedure against the NPD before the Federal Constitutional Court the end find.
“the NPD fares more badly than with the last mark”, said Strobl, who is also CDU state boss in Baden-Wuerttemberg, the “Leipziger Volkszeitung”.
That is a pleasing development in the right direction and a development, which let me come rather to the result that one fights the NPD politically and not before the constitutional court.
The NPD had failed with the vote because of Sunday completely scarcely because of the five-percent hurdle.
A first approach for a prohibition of the right-wing extremists a party had failed 2003, because the protection of the constitution had informants at that time also in the NPD point.
In December 2013 the Upper House of Parliament submitted a new request in Karlsruhe after long preparation.
Federal Government and Bundestag did not follow.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At new countries the place are accommodated now refugees in tents.
The center Erstaufnahme for refugees in Harburg bursts from all seams.
Now the authority for domestic affairs let three tents of the red cross set up beside it.
The district politicians were only a short while before informed - they are few enthusiastically.
“These striking jerk actions stir far reservations of the citizens and give to the district politicians no possibility, constructionally in the human accommodation of refugees of participating”, say for instance Britta Herrmann, Fraktionsvorsitzende up of the Greens in the Harburger district meeting.
Their party demands that the district administration Harburg places unused houses at present to the accommodation to the order.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
Reasons for the overstocking in the Erstaufnahme are the attack of person seeking helps - and the circumstance that the authorities cannot make sufficient places available in ancillary facilities.
Many refugees remain longer from there than the regular three months.
The house prices experienced, show the strongest winter rise into seven years an index observed far away.
The RP DATA CoreLogic Hedonic Home VALUE index for homes of one's own in the Australian capital rose in August by 1,1 percent, so the RP-data of Monday.
By this rise the total increase is appropriate for the largest increase in June, July and August with 4,2 percent, in the winter months since 2007.
The annual price rise was with 10,9 percent, more than twice as highly like the rise in the 12 months until August 2013, but the increases were not evenly distributed over the country.
The research leader of RP DATA, Tim Lawless, communicated that Sydney and Melbourne propel a split market.
The numbers of RP DATA prove that the house prices rose in Sydney last year by 16,1 percent, in Melbourne against it by 11,7 percent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, in which the prices rose on the average around five and six percent.
Because of the other end to the scale is Canberra, which cut of with national expenditures hard one met and where the prices rose over the year only by 1,4 percent.
Mr. Lawless continued to say that with the spring beginning now for the next months a rise would have to be observed with the real estate standing to the sale, which would submit the market “to a genuine test”.
“If one those continuously high rate of the auction prices regarded, a generally fast sales rate and those continuously low interest environment, is it probably that the home of one's own prices will still continue to rise in the next three months,” meant it.
In a statement to the new press it contradicts statements of managing director Peer Medau and certifies to this to pose “like a general”.
The style of the university is not that, is called it in the report.
Thus the family Medau was informed already “in the middle of June verbally about the unjustified demand of the university.
The statement that only in July admits the plans became, are definitely wrongly”, like that Pötzl.
At the same time it refers to it that it does not concern with the plans “preliminary definitions or decisions”, it however “preferences” would give.
Also the development of the narrow road to the lock, necessary for the approach road, is feared up less dramatically than of the Medaus.
From nine meters spread road were and are not the speech.
Wide a meter goes than so far”, explains Pötzl to present conditions by 5.50 meters, that is.
The argument of the Medau operators that their free and schoolown park surfaces are in the future then only used by students of the university, wants not to let Pötzl be valid.
One does not park across at all, because as with other public parking lots meanwhile intelligently can be solved.
Of the adjacents resident think
The creche mountain dwarf, which is on the area and would lead before their doorstep the approach road to the parking deck along, is not to be impaired according to the university president “”.
Rather it gives to consider, “that it not only around the creche goes here, but also around the adjacents resident at the inlet to the Friedrich Streib road and the 800 pupils of the neighbouring six-form high school.
It concerns thus much more than so around particularist interests of the Mr. Medau”, to Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents adviser of the creche, with which development of the road one “few nature-left marks the Coburgs to be lost” is entitled can decide “the reader”.
At the beginning of Octobers wants Pötzl as well as the national board of works Bamberg the town councillors about the structural development of the university to 2020 to inform “and in this context the meaning of the new development address”.
Peer Medau had informed past week parents of the creche about the plans of the university.
Therefore the approach road for the new parking deck is to lead not as before across the campus and the Friedrich Streib road, but across the Medau mountain.
Thus the narrow road on approximately a kilometer of length would have to be removed two-lane.
According to computer forecasts of the Medaus traffic in the park of lock high rock thereby would increase tenfold.
From approximately 2000 vehicles the speech is daily.
On the part of the city one did not want to express oneself so far to the project.
Glandorf withdraws from handball national team
Holger Glandorf will not play no more for the DHB team.
The 31-year old of the German Bundesliga club SG Flensburg Handewitt stated health problems for this decision above all.
The decision is me not easily pleases, it over several months matured.
It is for me time to hear and my career in the national team terminate on the signals of my body”, communicated the world champion of 2007 on its Facebook side.
It goes thus with one balance from 167 international matches and 576 gates for Germany into the international retirement.
Because the throw-enormous back space player for the championsleague winner wants to go out of Flensburg still some years on gate hunt, it is not now to the new coach of the national team Dagur Sigurdsson any longer at the disposal.
With the Icelander, which announces its cadre for the international matches on Tuesday against Switzerland, Glandorf held a “long and good conversation.
Its ideas and approaches inspired me exactly the same, as they will inspire also my fellow players of many years and my successors.
But for my club I would like to be available also in the next years healthy, but longer regeneration breaks are necessary, which the current double load does not permit.
The left-handed person had had to fear 2012 after a heel infection its career end.
Because of Achilles' tendon problems it could be treated from team physicians of the German handball federation (DHB) with a Cortisonspritze, which had released a strong inflammation later.
An emergency operation and two further interferences followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a complaint against the crew physician, ended the argument with a comparison.
Twelve years professional and eleven years national team career pass no body without trace.
I have some health building sites, which I cannot ignore no more.
After the three infection-conditioned foot surgeries, which took place 2012 in short distances, I never got correctly to mean blood pressure into the grasp.
For this some other wear-conditioned complaints come.
Already at the beginning the year I noticed that I mean head steer, but do not mean bodies not to deceive can”, explained Glandorf in the interview the magazine “handball time”.
For a comeback it would be available only in the absolute emergency.
“If all cords tear, are always willing to negotiate I”, explained the double family man to the specialist journal.
However I can count the years, in which I can play still handball, at a hand.
I must also say that I became after my long hospitalization 2012 also rather humbly, which concerns my health.
To my career I would like to be able at least to some extent to go straight.
Apart from the WM-title 2007 and the profit of the champions League 2014 he got 2008 (HSG north horn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo) the EHF cup.
2012 it secured itself besides with Flensburg the European Cup of the Cup winners.
German economy in the spring around 0,2 percent shrunk
The crises around the globe braked the German economy in the second quarter.
The gross domestic product sank from April to at the end of June 2014 in the comparison to the previous quarter by 0,2 percent.
That communicated the Federal Statistical Office and confirmed thereby provisional calculations.
However the consumption encouraged the economy in the spring, while the investments decreased.
Also the foreign trade braked the economic situation.
Owing to the strong start of the year altogether a Gross Domestic Product plus of 0,8 percent results opposite the second half year 2013 for the first half-year.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of the “Münsterland Mooiste”, which led for the first time on Sunday by the castle man city.
The castle man city Horstmar experienced an invasion of Dutch “Fietzenfahrer” on Sunday.
The largest cycling federation of the Netherlands, NTFU, organized the so-called “Münsterlande Mooiste”.
It handet itself around the largest bicycle tour straight through Münsterland, the cyclist paradise close of the Netherlands.
Over 1000 participants thanked you with their registration Jos of ter Huerne for the organization of this round trip by Münsterland.
Publicized out in different technical periodicals this tour interested offered.
We come from the Helder and over night drove, in order to participate in this round trip.
We would like to learn Münsterland to know also in this kind once more near”, were pleased the cyclists about the route by the circles stone ford, barks and Coesfeld.
After the registration in the association house the contactor brother shank Sta.
Katharina went it on a small “peace trip” through the city over the embankment, where also the start took place.
The route, which was publicized for three different categories, continued to lead toward gentleman wood across the Schöppinger mountain toward Coesfeld and across Havixbeck and Billerbeck back after Horstmar.
On distances of 95 kilometers with 1175 elevator meters, 120 kilometers with 1475 elevator meters and 145 kilometers with 1775 elevator meters the cyclists proved their good condition.
They were boarded on the way in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Main organizer Jos of ter Huerne and mayor deputy Heinz Lölfing appeared over the success of this cycling event very pleased.
We are and it were a beautiful experience for all involved ones.
The organization did not run without problems and it gave negative incidents”, draws to Heinz Lölfing a positive result of this event.
Unfortunately so many participants did not come, as the organizer had expected, which probably was at the bad weather forecasts and because of the morning rain.
“We see ourselves in the year 2015 again in hopefully beautiful weather on 30 August or during another weekend”, promised the cyclists however nevertheless again to Münsterland to return and the organizers plan a new edition.
Konstantin Weckers's relentlessly honest memoirs
It is actually more philosophical certification than biography, which Konstantin Wecker, Liedermacher, Pazifist, activist, brought ex-prisoner, in “monk and warrior” on 287 pages to paper.
Not chronologically, but more thought shred for thought shreds wrote on 1 June 1947 the born Munich its memoirs down, each chapter by way of introduction by a suitable song text.
And it is relentlessly honest thereby: Of the masturbation as a high school student up to the shoplifting and drug consumption he does not omit human weakness.
Also, in order to point out, how he learned tolerance in handling his fellow men.
Widths area take also abstract, but all the more important terms: Love, soul, ego, its in now, spirituality - all it tries to go on the reason, on very philosophical, in addition, very personal way.
And it described also its pacifism, its social criticism, its political commitment coined - and also, like it not only the music (the opera lover became the soul and rock musician), but also its prison stay.
The latter has the life man Konstantin Wecker also the ascetic monk brought home, which results “from subtraction”, as it says, “as one all unnecessary one omits”.
Between all the high-mental opinions gives it in addition, short anecdotes for grounding: for instance over fights in one of GIs frequented restaurants or a crazy drive, with which it sighted frontally a tree.
It is relentlessly honest also there.
Lenny Henry: My father never took me into the arm.
Has never said “I loves you”
Henry was from seven children of a family of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in the year 1958.
Its father, who died, when Henry was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry rehearses rare records, which are partly based on an imaginary discussion with its father and developed from the series on radio 4 for a comedy, Rudy's.
That soundtrack is a mixture from reggae and RAP, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work itself by some difficult childhood moments.
It visited “many” therapies after the death of its mother, and Henry is thoughtful over its relationship with its father.
It was heavy to know it.
One never saw its face, heard only its voting: “Stop with the noise.
Leave your sister in peace.
Move you!
I want to look Cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - which had already arisen, when I was a child - went with him into the tavern and spoke about things, like the form of the beer glass or the beauty of a Cricketschlags.
I had never such a discussion with him.
A majority of my life it was this serious type in the corner, which the newspaper read.
Recently Henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than at times of its father, he won nevertheless an insight of as the life for him might have been.
It is now somewhat brighter, but they are dark, stygische labyrinths smoke-filled and deep with flame impacts and smoke and much soot.
My father put to hear in former times simply into the tub and then could one him slowly, how he began to sing, because he could wash the foundry of itself.
When I ran around there, it became clear me that he had for many years done that, in order to bring the meal on the table, and my attention for him became larger.
Henry buildup nevertheless as a child without love testifying of its parents.
My father never embraced me, he said never “I loves you”.
Only as it to my mother toward end of their life badly went, began we, “I loves you, I loves you, I loves you” to say.
By its own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he could divide the love, which he had missed as a child.
Could you times with “I love you” to stop?
Stop nevertheless embracing me!
Dad, I am 22!
with Dawn French.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She is a great mother.
It is still friendly with French, with which it was 25 years married.
Dawn is good humans.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henrys own mother was Diabetikerin.
That contributed to its death.
As I thus very much, very overweight became and symptoms of diabetes showed, said my physician “you must be radical.
Thus I pulled this fitness thing through and had also a drastic diet to make, in order to turn around the symptoms.
It is very heavy.
And it is arduous.
Nobody eats gladly carrots.
Perhaps Henrys career change shows up in its elegant, shortcut beard.
Since it was praised by the critics for its Othello, he is taken in of the theatre.
The comedy of the erring followed, and then Fences of August Wilson.
That is another experience than the sitcom and comedies, which filled out its busy working life.
It began with only 16 years, when he worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered it on the stage, as he people imitated and wrote new Faces over him.
Its television career began in the middle of the seventies. “I was for a rather long time the only black Imitator/comedian on TV.”
He learned in the profession.
I did not only have to become large before the eyes of the public, but also from 1975 to 1985 to learn, how I could become an efficient joke telling machine, while I was by the television a star, and that was really with difficulty.
Lenny 1975 with new Faces
Since its manager possessed the stage right at the Black and White Minstrel show, an easy entertainment program, in which the people painted themselves “black”, specified Henry its Comedy there over five years.
My family was very unpleasant that.
I wished somehow that it would have never happened, but I do not repent that I did it.
It was a strange, unpleasant position for me, but I cooperated in giant projects and learned, how one deals with a large audience.
But this “price-crowned light column for many years of the British television” was also a “grotesque parody of black people.”
By the introduction of figures, which lampooned and celebrated the British black culture both, Henry in the 80s worked on an alternative Comedykreis.
The front row of Lenny Henry Show went 1984 on transmission, and into the 90s he was among other things as the kitchen boss Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series boss! admits.
Advertisement, documentary films, TV-series and roles coined its next decade, but after its BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008 it imagined: “Which you make next, Len, because it feels in such a way everything, as if bring you only the time rum or step a little on the place.”
Afterwards a documentary series came in such a way for radio 4 with the title What's Great About…?
The first consequence turned around Shakespeare.
On Shakespeare was I proper allergically.
I had learned and regarded at school never correctly something over him him predominantly as a domain of the middle class, white one in thights and a cabbage in front in it.
Thus I had large fear before it.
All, which we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said “you should it times try.
Do not make it bad, if you do not know, about which you talk.
Take a few words into the mouth, and then you will understand, why we love all Shakespeare in such a way.
Henry specified 20 lines from Othellos of last speech for the documentary film and it was enthusiastic.
I had the feeling that I could create that.
It was nearly, as if someone would have put the head finally correct to me on.
“Around it, it goes is a serious thing, takes it seriously, learns your text, investigates a little.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months, before we made it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and the happened simply not.
And soon it arose in the comedy of the erring.
I in the national theatre and I were sudden could it hardly believe.
There there was one moment, when I thought, “Oh, you changed. ""
There was a technical error and Henry felt instinctive that he had to maintain the audience.
“A small voice told me “you must now 10 minutes bridge, while they repair the computer. ""
Instead the stage leader announced that the conception would continue, as soon as the problem was solved.
I went from the stage and something in me said “Oh, thank God”.
I am not responsible for it.
I can leave that someone else.
“You plays in a play, therefore remain in your role.”
Henry in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
The text for Fences to learn was demanding.
Panic is very good, strengthens the chords.
Also arrived well, it is thus like a large sign of the Gods, me say “that is your regulation here. ""
He says this, naturally, with a THUNDERING voting.
Thus I remain thereby.
I really love that.
I love it to be in a sample area.
Henry has however still the head a comedian - our discussion is from humorous outbreaks pulled through, while it imitates people again and again.
I decided to make no condition UP Comedy because I find that this kind of the immediate satisfaction of a hall of full strangers is somehow dangerous.
If one looks for that all the time, one drives thereby before a wall.
I arise sometimes live in the Apollo, if I have in addition desire, but altogether give not so much it to me like in former times.
I ask it whether he will make ever again a stand-up comedy tour.
That joke, which I have a beginning in an area with a director, who helps thereby, to form a center section and the end of a travel - I do not believe that I would like to ever again give up.
Is that here thus its new incarnation?
I think already.
I am gladly an actor.
It makes joke.
One always tell a story, and that is great.
I love stories.
Humans love stories.
Huthi rebels block roads in of Yemen capital
In the conflict between Shiite Huthi rebels and the Yemeni government the Huthis called Sanaa to civil disobedience in the capital.
Huthi supporters would have occupied, said central roads in Sanaa on Monday a spokesman of the Huthi party “Ansar Allah”.
Also the approach road to the parliament was blocked.
Yemeni media report of a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper “Huthi leader Abdulmalik Al-Huthi had called Yemen post office” on Sunday evening to the measures.
Huthi threatened according to the sheet with a further escalation of the conflict, should not be fulfilled its demands.
The Shiite Huthis fights for more independence from Sunni governed Yemen and demands the resignation of the government.
The race of the Huthi besieges the Yemeni capital for scarcely two weeks.
Approximately 30,000 rebels established protest camps at the large access roads of Sanaa.
In the surrounding countryside it comes again and again to bloody fights with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registers officials, in order to dam “spirit employees”
Kenya began to register all civil servants biometrically in order to delete “spirit employees” from the pay rolls of the government.
Employees, who do not register themselves in the next two weeks, were not no more paid, read a report of government.
The government assumes that thousands of people receive salary payments also after their parting from the public service still.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised 2013 with his assumption of office to fight corruption in the public service.
With an examination at the beginning this year it was stated that at least 1 million $ (700,000 £) per month were lost at payments for “spirit employees” and by other abusive financial practices.
The government assumes that salaries are disbursed further on accounts, after a person died or the public service leaves report Wanyama Chebusiri for the BBC from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must appear now in the next two weeks with identification centers, in order to guarantee that their data are taken up over the biometric registrations, in a government message were communicated.
All, this not without a convincing apology would do by the pay roll were painted, did not continue to read the report.
“By this action substantially to the rationalization of the public service is contributed, as the actual number of officials is determined and also the pay roll on both government levels is settled - in such a way “the spirit employees are eliminated”,” said Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary in the Ministry for decentralization and planning.
The scandal around the art advisor Helge Achenbach on 11 November for the first time in court one negotiates.
Five inheriting Berthold Albrecht, Sohn of the Aldi founder Theo Albrecht, demand in civil proceedings at the Düsseldorfer regional court 19.4 million euro compensation of oh brook and two of its enterprises, which are in insolvency proceedings.
That communicated a court spokeswoman on Monday.
In the statement of claim it, oh brook means with the purchase of works of art and old timers and Berthold Albrecht higher than actually paid purchase prices cheated computed.
Thus also the agreed upon commission failed more highly.
Oh brook purchased for 121 million euros of objects of value for Albrecht.
Children need roots and wings
44 years was it in the school service, of it 23 as a head master.
From this time Manfred Richter knows many stood Petershausener and Kollbacher from their time as a pupil.
Its methods were sometimes unconventionally, but always carried from its striving to see in the pupil humans.
The Schneekoppe is the most well-known mountain of the giant mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the motive from his homeland.
Judge was born 1930 in cozy outer/north Bohemia, today Trutnov.
Already with 14 it was interested after four years high school in the teacher profession.
One year after the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within a half hour the family had to leave their house.
After some months in a camp it went 1946 to Bavaria - in the goods railroad car.
Thus it led to end up judges in the upper-Frankish lowering village.
The teacher formation took place in Bamberg.
In addition Manfred Richter had to run six times per week of ten kilometers to the next station, drive with the course to Bamberg, go there three kilometers straight through the whole city to the school and in the evening back.
After two months Manfred Richter in a red cross home in Bamberg got a sleep opportunity: together with up to 15 schoolmates in a dormitory.
it made first and 1954 for 1951 after three years teaching profession candidate the second state examination.
Since Upper Franconia for it did not have a free position for teachers, it applied to Upper Bavaria and came themselves on 1 November 1954 to the school into Kollbach.
The “Ms room” was its first “official residence” in the school building.
1958 it referred a three-room official residence in the newly built teacher house beside the school.
This house bought Manfred Richter 1980, after the school in Kollbach had been dissolved 1968.
By then there were three classes in Kollbach in the school federation Petershausen Kollbach and in Peter living five.
Starting from the school year 1968/69 these were summarized in Peter living in the today's city hall.
When the school federation Indian village was created, only the primary school remained in the place.
In order to escape a demotion in the smaller school, the rector at that time Georg Sigl changed to Karl field - and Manfred Richter became its successor.
But Peter living grew, and so the children and their teachers could refer the today's building, which was extended 1997 after judge retirement starting from September 1982.
Manfred Richter praises the uncomplicated generosity of the mayor at that time Ludwig Götz, who let a work area build at community costs additionally and with the extension of 1997 cellar areas, although after the guidelines for school's buildings eligible for subsidy was not.
“Mayor Götz was very schoolfriendly”, remembered judges gratefully.
In his whole career Manfred Richter never forgot the speech contribution of a government representative, who had answered to a paper of a school advice on right and justice: “One may never forget the love”. Manfred Richter converted, which he had heard there as young teachers.
“One must give two different kinds to the children: ”, The today 84-year old says roots and wings.
And it had to experience: “Does not succeed always”. Whether he means only his pupils or exactly the same his own six children there, is not completely clear.
In each case was judge doing sometimes unconventionally.
If pupils flogged themselves, they got a punishing work from it not and also not for being kept in after school were condemned.
At the expense of the community judge two pair boxing gloves had let purchase and let the two contractors begin against each other, even if there should be thereby times a violet.
For the well-being of the school judge maintained a good relationship to the mayor at that time Ludwig Götz (CSU) as a rector.
This induced the non-party judge after its retirement to stand as a candidate 1996 at least as last on the CSU list for the local council.
But judge was preselected at place six and joined the CSU.
180 kilometers in three days
HR4-RADTOUR of 700 bicycle drivers insert Salzhausen and Scot stopover in the spa gardens of bath
If Radler on their tour in bath Salzhausen or Scot make rest, that is actually nothing special.
On Friday however made alone the amount of the resting impression: The 700 participants of the hr4-Radtour including Begleittross enjoyed a break in the lower spa gardens of bath Salzhausen and later a party in the open air in the Schottener old person castle park.
Under the slogan a “and the participants celebrate cycling on Thursday in bath Vilbel had met and a concert of Van Baker & Band there had seen on again discovered ways between Nidda and Kinzig”.
On Friday it became serious: The Radler continued to tackle the first stage, the 60 kilometers over Florstadt after bath Salzhausen and after Scots.
In bath Salzhausen became the sportsmen of mayor Hans-Peter Seum, who was along-started in bath Vilbel with the bicycle, and which welcomes chief of the own establishment bath Salzhausen, Petra Schwing-Döring.
For the refreshment from body and spirit all kinds of at good things had been prepared: The farmer women from Ranstadt and down Mockstadt had baked 85 sheet metals apple, Zwet, Streusel and cheesecakes, the efficient wheel-learn marvelously mundeten.
“Such cakes can bake only farmer women”, praised a participant out aula thief oh, while it ordered a further bit.
At the drinks stand of the gymnastics club Geiß Nidda cold refreshments could be purchased.
The “duo Bravo” maintained the visitors with well-known melodies from operettas and musical and harvested enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful ambience of the park worked relaxing.
Besides a gentleman enjoyed a head massage of its Partnerin: “He earned those, fastened finally he today bicycle chains already jumped off again”.
Meanwhile the mayor and the plant manager had to still work: They were interviewed at the well before the drinking nursing center by reporter Rainer Janke and used the opportunity to promote in the radio for bath Salzhausen.
Also graduation boss of Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4-Radtour 2004 as tour leaders thereby, could take a breather only briefly, had he nevertheless plentifully with the technology locally to do.
Its Pickup Truck, in which he communicated by means of three telephones and a radio with his employees and the 15-member motorcycle relay of the police Hessen, wrote Facebook entries and made reports, needed likewise a check.
“The majority of the participants originates from the Rhine Main area”, told it, “nevertheless also from pouring or Fulda, from Lauterbach or the Taunus and even from numerous cities in Westphalians cyclists traveled.
The number of participants depends a little on the overnight accomodation capacities the available.
In category I the participants in hotels are accommodated, in category II in collective accommodations.
From the health resort the Radler had a good impression, when they applied after one and a half hours again: “Bye!”
“It was beautiful in bath Salzhausen!” they signed to the parting.
After the arrival in Scots the group was allowed to insert a short breather.
But on evening the Radler was demanded in the idyllic old person castle park.
Under the direction of the Schottener society for tourism and city marketing (GTS) the park had received a beautiful fixed ambience and had prepared naturally one treats, about to tarte flambée with well cooled feather-white.
Mayoress Susanne Schaab, GTS Managing director Markus Hoßfeld and MSC chairmen Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in its function as a member of the board the General German Automobile Association Hessen Thuringia welcomed the visitors.
The three pointed themselves obviously pleased over “many the enterprise to Scots”.
DJ Tobias Hagen released afterwards the dance stage.
The opportunity for zestful moving in the open air was eagerly used despite the sporty manipulation on the bicycle.
Among the guests mixed increasingly citizens, who were just as done by the good tendency as the large crowd of the cyclists.
On the second day the stations Birstein, guard brook and bath Orb - inclusive a concert with the Trenkwaldern - on the program stood for the cyclists.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometers Radelns, arrived the sportsmen again in bath Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish policemen because of “conspiracy” against the government arrested
Altogether 33 police was arrested in Turkey due to the suspicion of the “conspiracy against the government”, announces local media agencies.
The Police Departments did not deliver a direct comment.
Under the arrested ones are 14 high-ranking policemen, announce to Hürriyet DAILY news.
Some of them under it four government Ministers were involved in last December in the corruption investigations against government employees.
In July a set of Turkish policemen was arrested, because they had created allegedly an organized criminal combination and had tapped telephone numbers.
Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan (that at that time prime ministers was) described its action as part of the activities, which are stated by the Islamist clergyman Fethulla liquid manures against him and other people in positions of power.
Not all children in Ukraine return to the school
Schools nearly everywhere in Ukraine opened on Monday (1 September) after summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents prime minister brought his daughter to Arsenij Jazenjuk into the school.
There it communicated waiting journalists that it had again opened not all training that he was however decided to defend the country for future generations:
The September celebrations were not held in each school.
The sky is not everywhere peaceful over Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
Entire Ukraine, an enormous common Ukrainian popular front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, head master of the school in Slawjansk, which visits Jazenjuks daughter, spoke on Russian.
We hope the fact that here finally again it prevails to peace and that the children an education receives, which will be useful them in the further life.
The first school day of the new school year traditionally celebrated, whereby the children carry embroidered shirts, balloons in the hands to hold and their teachers flowers give.
Perhaps with Rona Fairhead the BBC found the great director, whom it needs.
It meets with a proud fame-drags from the bank world, the medium management and the internal circle of the Tory party.
And it has own front experience.
Their career began CO with the world-wide management consulting firm Bain and., on which it changed to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the media world of Pearsons.
It was seven years long chairmen of the board of Financial Times and withdrew, when the highest post of the mother enterprise Pearsons went to a younger male colleague.
Their compensation amounted to allegedly nearly 1 million £.
Also their political ranking is solid.
It was recommended David Cameron of Lord Browne, to the former chairman of BP, than this looked for more private-economical knowledge in Whitehall: it became the advisor of the cabinet.
Their husband is a former Tory Ratsmitglied.
Already in May I described the task of the chairman with a poisoned cup.
The BBC does not only stand as enormous and complex unit in the heart of the public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The confidence acts in two directions: inward on the first guard of the own management hierarchy in the BBC, in addition, outward as voice of public concern and unrest, if the things run wrongly.
That provides for a nearly untenable duopoly, which requires for a complete comprehensive reform.
But which would risk again arriving chairmen it to begin to hit everything and take an institution apart, which is as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he perhaps brings himself thereby around his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as that would be not already enough, is interested also still many to see the BBC reduced - power, money and status overhaul.
While the competition moves more near and old, comfortable collateral threatens new technologies, the lining up negotiation of the royalties for the BBC is connected with special dangers.
For the modest sum of 145,50 £ per year the British public buys itself into the surely largest media company of the world.
The BBC tell a good story: she says that she reaches 96 percent of all households and to everyone of it only 40 pence per day costs.
And apparently the BBC rises again upward on the popularity scale: They support 53 percent today, compared with 31 percent before 10 years.
The seeing and use habits for the BBC to have changes: I get nowadays news headlines on my mobile phone and see missed programs later on my more iPlayer.
But it remains a very much loved and considerable institution.
It needs a considerable chairman - I hope, her him found.
Perry from Texas says that disparaging Tweet was not authorized
A Tweet of the official user account of the republican governor von Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a disparaging remark over the democratic district public prosecutor, who is located in the center of a criminal accusation against him because of abuse of the office force.
The Tweet was deleted later and replaced by another by Perrys user account, which denied the previous.
Straight one was dispatched a Tweet from my account, which was not authorized by me.
“I do not approve of the Tweet and him deleted,” was called it in the later message.
Employees of Perry answered not immediately to requests after comments.
Although the Tweets proceeded from Perrys official user account, was not clear, who actually served the feed.
In the earlier Tweet a disadvantageous picture the district public prosecutor by Travis County, Rosemary Lehmberg, was drawn, who was at the wheel condemned in April 2013 because of drunkenness.
Perry inserted a veto against a financial transport of its office, when she refused itself withdrawing which to an accusation against Perry - which could be possibly 2016 presidential candidate - before a Grand jury this month in Austin led.
The text of the Tweets reads: “I do not drive always drunk with the three-way permissible alcohol level… however if I it do, complain I governor Perry on, if he blabs it.”
I am the most gotten drunk democrat in Texas.
Loam mountain office was not entrusted with the line over the investigation of the Grand jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special public prosecutor from San Antonio, which was selected by a republican judge.
Perry pleaded for guiltily and did not call the accusation a political trick.
Its high-class team of legal advices requested with case entrusted judges, to reject which accusation and argued that the law, with which against the serve-oldest governor in the history of the State of Texas is proceeded is unverfassungsgemäß diffuse.
Perry stopped 7.5 million $ of national funds to the Public Integrity unit of the state - which resides in Travis County and in cases of national corruption in Texas determined - when loam mountain refused itself withdrawing.
This veto provided for a public complaint on the part of a left-standing Watchdog group.
Perrys official user account is frequently updated - and sometimes famous.
After it had locked at the choice elections in Iowa during its presidency candidacy 2012 as the fifth, Perry dealt with speculations that he will stop, by postete a Tweet of a photo of itself with jogging in the proximity of a lake with the words “South Carolina, we comes!”
Berkeley explains housing market again for “normally”
One of the most prominent building contractors Londons pointed out that the housing market was “returned” in the southeast of England again to normal level.
Homes of one's own in the capital were hot in demand and the subject of enormous price rises, which induced the bank of England due to the wide-spread fear of a credit blister to set in June upper limits for mortgage credits.
Tony Pidgley, Gründer and Vorstandsvorsitzender of the high-class building contractor Berkeley said on Monday: “Since beginning of the current financial year the market returned normal transaction levels since the highest level 2013” and added that this offers a “stable action environment”.
The property market in London was well set up during the wing over, since foreign buyers pushed into the capital.
After information of the land registry the prices in the city rose alone last year precipitously by 18,5 percent, far more than the average rise in England and Wales altogether.
The average selling prices with Berkeleys private, inexpensive and student offers rose around approximately a fifth in passed the year and were appropriate for at the end of April around the 423,000 £.
A stronger pound made real estate property in London less attractive however in the last months for foreign buyers - some from them also by the introduction of new real estate taxes and political rhetoric around a possible “mansion tax” before the general elections in coming May were deterred.
London real estate agent Foxtons warned in past week that the mortgage market report for April, in which sharper granting of credit regulations were presented, in which second half year even to smaller market growth both with the real estate sale and with the prices would lead.
New data of the bank of England of Monday show a decrease during the mortgage grant in July, which points likewise to the fact that the property market cools down.
Hamptions international, another real estate agency, corrected its forecast for the rise of the real estate prices in London for 2015 downward on 3 percent, for the basis one already now slacking off house price consciousness.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London such as Chelsea, May-fair and Kensington decreased meanwhile year by year around a quarter, so the broker WA Ellis.
The desire for a home of one's own is nevertheless in the capital for Berkeley a benediction, since the due amounts for future sales amount to more than 2.2 billion £.
Mr. Pidgley added: “The demand for the correct, well planned product at the best locations remained stable and as result also the future sales remained stable.”
In June the enterprise reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes of one's own in the year to at the end of April - nearly a third to more than to the highest level 2007 before the crisis.
The annual result before tax rose annually by 40 percent to 280 millions £, the revenue by 18 percent to 1.6 billion £.
In a report on Monday before the annual meeting of the enterprise Mr. Pidgley said that the incomes for Berkeley would presumably correspond to present market expectations in the current year.
The analysts estimate agreeing the annual result before tax on 450 millions £.
Berkeley shares stood in the afternoon in the London trade firmly with 23,96 £.
Naked photos of Jennifer Lawrence by hackers on the Internet publishes
Jennifer Lawrence Auftritt with the 85. OSCAR award.
Naked photos the OSCAR winner of Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hacker, who stated, to have a “master list” from pictures of further 100 Starlets.
A representative of the star from “the tributes of Panem” confirmed the fact that the photos of Lawrence were genuine and complained the hacker because of “striking injury of the privacy” on.
The authorities were informed and all those will pursue, those the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence further post.
The photos, which were originally gepostet in the photo sharing side 4chan, were procured allegedly by a gap in the online storage system iCloud by Apple. The alleged “master list” the Hackingopfer covers the names Dutzender female star, under it Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, reported BuzzFeed.
It is not safe, as many of the pictures are genuine, although Winstead, star from “Scott Pilgrim against the rest of the world” on Twitter likewise chop condemned.
“To those of you, who photos view yourselves, which my man and I took up years ago in the private environment of our house - I hope, it are so correctly content with you”, wrote Winstead on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien “iCarly” and “Victorious” denied however the fact that it acts with the photos around pictures of it and tweetete “these so-called naked pictures from me is FALSIFIED, people.
We resist nevertheless times equal the beginnings. *Wortspiel beabsichtigt*.
Buzzfeed reported on late Sunday that a spokesman of the pop star Ariana Grande the authenticity of the alleged photos of it denied.
Exclusive excerpt from Howard Jacobsons's high-praised new novel over love and the letter “J”.
They dissolved, then one could describe it best, her dissolved slowly like a cardboard, one let which be located in the rain.
Occasionally a Mrs., he told him was too seriously, arduously, intensively, reserved and perhaps somewhat kratzbürstig.
And then the hand shook to it.
It knew Kratzbürstig.
It was prickly, as in hedgehogs, yes.
The last victim of these pricklyness was a straight affair beginning, which had been more promising for an alleviation of the lonely boredom of its life than otherwise, and him perhaps even a certain satisfaction would have brought.
Ailinn Solomons was trembling a tender beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart from a village on the north island, which was even still been a long way and rougher than haven Reuben.
She had come with an older company to the south, which regarded Kevern as its aunt, and whom a property in a damp however paradisiacal valley with the appropriate name Paradise Valley had inherited.
Over several years nobody had lived in the house.
The pipes were leaking, in the baths were still spiders, naked snails their traces on all windows had left and believed, that belonged to them everything, and the garden was with weeds to over-grow, which looked like enormous cabbages.
It was both threatening and enticing like the house from a child fairy tale, a garden of full secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel “J” stands on the Longlist for which one Booker Preis 2014.
The shortlist is announced in the coming week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn little hand-holding on the broken beach chairs in the high grass and an unusually warm spring afternoon had enjoyed. Both had latched themselves spirit-absent into the service console, which supplied the country with reassuring music and calming news, when the sight of their crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song one for a long time forgotten black entertainer, to which its father had listened gladly with closed roll shops in the house.
Your feet are too large.
Due to their very own aggressiveness song of this kind no more were not played on the console.
Did not forbid - nothing was so correctly forbidden - simply not played.
It successfully obsolesziert, as the word obsoleszieren.
The general taste created, which decrees and regulations would have never created, and how the people select of the Tellerwäscher to millionaire memoirs, cook books and love novels with books, then they selected the ballads with the music.
In the euphoria of the day Kevern began to play an imaginary piano and to sing about in a roughfunny serenade Ailinns large feet.
Ailinn did not understand that.
“That was a well-known song of a jazz pianist named Fats Waller,” explained it and put automatically two fingers to its lips.
That had always done its father, in order to stop the letter J, before he came from his mouth.
It had begun as a play between it and its father, when it was still small.
Its father had played it with his own father, then he had told.
If you begin a word with a J, without putting two fingers over your lips, it costs a penny you.
It had been no very hilarious play already at that time, and it was not still very hilariously.
He knew, that was expected this by him, that was everything.
It had to explain, what jazz was.
Ailinn had not heard ever which.
Jazz was not played, even if it were not directly forbidden.
Improvising was not modern any longer.
It was only place for only one “if” in the life.
Humans wanted to be completely safe at the beginning of a melody, where them would end.
Likewise the understanding.
Its unpredictability made humans nervous.
And jazz was in music expressed understanding.
Although it had become 10 years old, without of Sammy Davis Junior to have heard, Kevern knew somewhat about jazz of the half secret collection of old CDs of its father.
But at least it did not have to explain Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
At its age it could not remember probably to a time, in which pop singers were not black.
Again was valid, no laws or obligations.
A conformal society meant the fact that each element of this society agreed gratefully the principle of the group gift - gratefully as of the fate spared.
Humans with afro Caribbean origin were suitable by temperament and figure for entertainment and sport, therefore and ran they sang.
Humans, who originally came from the Indian subcontinent, were blessed as of nature with electronic talent and were cared for with the task to guarantee that no family without functioning service telephone remained.
Which still from the Polish community was remaining, worried about drains; which from the Greeks was remaining, plate smashed.
Those from the Gulf States and the Levante, whose grandparents had not left the country fast as WHICH HAPPENINGS WERE, IF IT WERE HAPPENING event from fear of fire stirring to be accused from fear even that the flames would consume them next had opened - Labneh and Shisha whistle restaurants, held themselves consider and became depressive with the inactivity.
Everyone after its abilities.
Since it only ballads heard had, to understand fell it Ailinn heavily, how insulting words, which had sung Kevern it straight, set to music per become could.
Music was expression of love.
“Are not really insulting those,” said Kevern.
Except perhaps for humans, whose feet are too large.
My father never insulted someone, but he loved this song.
It talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him the deceitful feeling of security.
Nothing could overcome the sound absorption of the enormous Kohl-like sheets.
Ailinn did not understand yet.
Why would your father have something so dear should?
He wanted to say that it was a Jux, hesitated however, to put in their present again two fingers to the lips.
It thought anyway already that he was somewhat strange.
“It appeared to it hilariously,” said it instead.
It shook disbelievingly its head and blocked Keverns view.
There was nothing else to see around the world, as its ungekämmtes jet-black hair.
There was nothing that he would have wanted to see otherwise.
“If you it say,” my her without conviction.
But it does not explain yet why you sing it to me.
It seemed honestly anxious.
Are my feet too large?
He looked again.
Your feet so directly not.
Perhaps your ankles, a small little…
And you say, you hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
You hate?
Naturally I do not hate you.
That is nevertheless only the stupid song.
He could have said “I loves you”, but it was still too early.
“Your thick ankles are exactly the reason, why you please me,” he tried it instead.
I am there a little perverted.
That did not sound correctly.
It should have been funny.
If it tried to be funny he brought himself often in trouble, because he did not have like its father the reassuring Charm, which one needed, in order cruelty inherent in jokes to bezähmen.
Perhaps father wanted to be to be also cruel.
Perhaps it, Kevern, wanted to be.
Despite its friendly eyes.
Ailinn Solomons became red and rose from its beach chair, upset the console and buried the wine, which they had drunk.
Elder bloom wine, therefore was not drunkenness an apology for it.
In its excitation it seemed to tremble, like palm fronds in the storm.
“And your thick head is exactly the reason, why I feel perverted to you moved,” she said…
Except that I am that not at all.
She did suffering, both because of the unnecessary unkindliness of its words as well as the fear, to him who showed up in their eyes, when them revolted themselves against him.
Did it think that he would strike her?
It had not told it of the life on the cold northern archipelago, where she had grown up, but he did not have doubts that it was essentially like that like here.
The same enormous and ice-cold ocean broke here as there on the bank.
The same confused men, with still thicker skin and more morosely after the WHICH HAPPENING WAS than it their ancestors than smugglers and beach robber had been, pulled from tavern to tavern, always ready, the hand against a woman to raise, those them refused myself or derided.
Thick head?
Those would have shown it a thick fist, if them did not watch out!
They only smooch - smooching was the most frequently used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the insignificant love ballads from the console - it only smooch and then strike.
After Keverns opinion was an unnecessary refinement, since smooching already represented an act of the force.
Ailinn Solomons gave to go to it through its body an indication.
He rose from the beach chair like an old man.
It felt likewise leaden, but the force of its mourning surprised her.
That was not the end of the world.
They nevertheless hardly knew each other.
It watched it, as it departed - as of a room in the upper stick her companion it thereby watched - a man, weighted by somewhat, which he had caused.
Adam leaves the garden, thought her.
It felt a sudden pain for it and men generally, although some their hands had raised against her.
A man turned away from it, its back bent, ashamedly, defeated, without fighting spirit - why that was a sight, which she seemed to know well, if she could not remember nevertheless only once, at which her something like that the today's day ago had already seen?
When it again alone was, Ailinn Solomons looked on its feet.
Some years before straight told occurrences worked Esme Nussbaum, intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year old researcher on behalf of Ofnow, which non-legislative monitoring device for the public tendency, at a short lecture on the continued force on low and middle level in exactly the regions, in which their decrease, if, earliest are had to be expected not abolishment, considering the funds and energy, which had been invested into the extermination of this force.
“It was done already much, and much,” wrote it must be still done to appease “around the innate aggressiveness of a people who led thousand wars and won most of it, in particular in the remote corners and valleys of the country, in which the sweet breath of human friendliness was felt rarely historically seen despite the high-rising steeples between the hedges.
But some characteristics turn out as ineradicable.
The more highly the steeple, then seems it, the smaller the passion, which it wakes further.
The population cries when hearing sentimental ballads, inebriates themselves at stories over overcome difficulties and states to believe firmly in the virtues from marriage and family circle to but nevertheless only the earlier rawness does not keep the rural communities firm just like our urban structures in the hand, but there are also proofs for developing a new and perfidious contentiousness at home, on the job, on the roads and even on the playing fields.
“You have a unfortunate tendency for exaggeration,” meant their mentor, when it had read the whole report.
I suggest that you read fewer novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: are you atheist?
“I believe, which I do not have to say,” answered to Esme Nussbaum.
Are you lesbian?
Again Esme referred to its right to privacy and refusal of the statement.
Feminist?
Again silence.
“I do not ask that,” said Luther Rabinowitz finally, “because I against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism would be.
That is an impartial job here.
We serve an impartial society.
But certain kinds of hypersensitivity, which are actually absolutely acceptable and praise worth, can distort occasionally results, as you presented it.
They have obviously prejudices against the church, and these things, which call you “perfidiously” and “roughly”, could be naturally interpreted of others just as well than expression of one strength and vitality.
If one continues to harp on on, WHICH HAPPENING IS, IF IT IS HAPPENING, as if it, if it had happened, would have happened yesterday, meant, to take to the country its substantial vitality.
Esme Nussbaum looked around, while Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind its head a LED signature in flamingo-pink repeated the pieces of advice, which Ofnow had longer given to the country in the last quarter century or.
If you smile at their neighbour, esteem their partner, hear you ballads, visit you musical, use you their telephone, speak you, explain you, listen you, agree you, apologize you.
Speak is better as silence, the sung word is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
“I understand absolutely, on which you want outside,” answered Esme Nussbaum with calm voting, when she was safe that its superior had in the end spoken, “and I said nothing else, that we did not heal yet so effectively, as we fool ourselves.
My concern lies in the fact that we regain us without preliminary warning possibly thereby as we repeat the errors, which ARE in the first place to the WHICH HAPPENING, IF IT IS HAPPENING led.
This time there is however not the others, at which we vent our anger and our distrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with the hands.
In order to suggest thereby a patience of a saint.
“You go too far,” said it, “if you to actions as “errors” to designate, which committed our grandparents perhaps or also not.
They go also too far, if you speak of the fact that these would have vented their “anger” and it “distrust” at “others”.
It should not be necessary actually to remind someone in your position of the fact that we with the understanding of the past as with the protection of the present, not of “us” and “others” to speak.
There was none “we” and it gave no “different”.
It was a time of the disorder, which is everything that we know.
“Of that, if we are honest to us, dared” Esme to throw in, “no part of the society to state can well to have behaved.
I do not complain anybody on.
Whether it was done badly or well, what happened, is happened.
That was at that time.
In addition nothing more must be said - there are we us united.
And exactly like no debt to be assigned must, then also no debt must be erased, if such a repayment were appropriate and if there were a way to erase it.
But for which the past serves, if we do not learn from it -
The past serves for the fact that we forget it.
If I may say to it something -
Luther Rabinowitz let his pyramid collapse.
“I will consider,” said and dismissed its report he her.
On the next day, when she went as used to the work, it was run over by a motorcyclist, who, as passerbies described, had driven brutal rage” in a kind to “on the footpath.
There are coincidences.
Lesotho military member says that no coup d'etat is planned; Prime minister remains in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho denied a coup d'etat for the fall of the government to have planned and said that they proceeded against policemen, to who the armament of political fanatics is accused.
Prime minister Thomas Thabane fled from the country and communicated that the army of the country encircles its office domicile and Maseru occupied government buildings in the capital.
The Prime Minister brought his family into adjacent South Africa, after he had reported of assassination attempt threats.
Military spokesperson Major Ntlele Ntoi said that it gives de facto no coup d'etat that however the military reacts to the threat by “political fanatics”, whose armament was approaching by the police.
“Which happened this morning was that the staff of the defense forces of Lesotho acted, after it had received several intelligence reports that within the police some elements act, which wanted to actually arm some the political, party-political young fanatics, which stood shortly before, to cause devastating damage” said it opposite Voice OF America.
The South African government spokesmen Clayson Monyela said, the military action had made the impression of a revolution.
“Even if nobody maintained the government by force to have actually torn is all reports about it united that the activities of the defense forces of Lesotho show so far signs for a coup d'etat,” said it.
Spokesmen of the military of Lesotho communicated on Sunday that the soldiers would withdraw themselves into their barracks and were calm the situation in the capital.
In the meantime the vice-Prime Minister Mothetjoya Metsing takes over the government guidance during Thabanes absence.
Thabane communicated that he believes, it is because of its attempt to fight the corruption in the country become the target.
In Lesotho there were large tensions since June, after Thabane sittings of parliament suspended due to the arguments in its unit government.
He said, its actions would not have undermined, differently the government reading accusations to the defiance.
Production in the euro zone on a 13-Monats-Tief
The rise with production in the euro zone slowed down in August on the lowest point of the last 13 months, so an exactly observed study also.
The final Markit purchase manager index of the producing trade (PMI) fell in August on 50,7 in, after conditions of 51,8 in July.
An information concerning 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders decreased and factories experienced break-downs in a time of rising tensions between the European Union and Russia over Ukraine.
The numbers arrive before the meeting of the European central bank (EZB) on Thursday.
The markets expect a clear plan for handling a hesitating recovery of the euro zone as well as for the threatening deflation from the bank with an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
It adds to speculations that the director/conductor of the EZB, could make Mario Draghi, in the process of this week more further details, whether it considers a quantitative relief for the euro zone, according to that, which was made by Great Britain and the USA during the financial crisis.
“Although a small growth is better than no growth, is the braking effects of the increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for the manufacturers become,” said more clearly Rob Dobson, leading economist with Markit.
Factory PMI for Germany, the largest trade partner of Russia in the European Union, fell on the lowest level in 11 months with 51,4.
In the meantime France, PMI fell on 46,9 in the second largest economic nation of the block.
France remains a problem child, like also the descent of Italy from a solid expansion to the stagnation.
Referring to it that incentives for growth do not reach in the key industry mechanism Germany as well as into Spain and the Netherlands any longer, are likewise not reassuring,” said Mr. Dobson.
The decrease of the industry probably stirs the fire up of the analysts, which expect further monetary or fiscal incentives.
A positive message came from the Republic of Ireland, where PMI rose to 57,3, the highest level since at the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, Chefwirtschaftsexperte with IHS Global Insight, said: “The best, which one can say for the purchase manager index of the producing trade in the euro zone from August, is that thereafter the sector grows further.”
It added: “Producers in the euro zone find the life at present obviously quite with difficulty, there the current increased geopolitical tensions - particularly regarding Russia and Ukraine - to uncertainties in the further difficult conditions in many countries increase.
These increased uncertainties impaired completely clearly the economy - in particular, and probably lead the confidence of the consumers, and to it that some orders are delayed or even cancellation, in particular large orders.
He said that it becomes “ever more probable” that the EZB must finally introduce a kind of the QE, “although we assumes that this will be limited.”
The hell decade of the survivors of Beslan: Ten years passed since the dreadful siege of the school, like the children involved in it still today suffer.
Before ten years over 1.000 humans of Chechnian militias in a school in Beslan in south Russia as hostages were taken.
More as 330 humans, more than half of it children, were killed in three-day-long martyrdom that the world shocked.
We returned to Beslan, in order to find some the victims, that had escaped death with the atrocity in the classroom.
Exactly among them 186 children, the heroical survivors warned one decade after the terrible siege of the school of Beslan, with which 334 humans died, past night before a new Apocalypse in Ukraine.
As fanatical Islamist terrorists children and parents on 1 September 2004, which beginning of a new school year, imprisoned took and killed, seemed like the worst of the bad one.
The tragedy united west and east in abhorrence, and transformed then surprisingly into action and hope for the future in the middle in the worst misery.
Ten years later we returned to Beslan, in order to find some the victims, that had escaped death with the atrocity in the classroom.
We found surprising young people, who overcame resistances, although the memory of this hell of terror will always pursue them.
Their largest hope?
That the war, which afflicts Ukraine now - and in that children like them die - now an end finds.
The girl, who was photographed with the attempt to back-climb into the shot-up school sports hall
It was photographed by the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous, when her only in its underwear tried to back-climb into the shot-up school sports hall after a mine had exploded.
Completely confused Aida looked for Larissa for its mother, now 40 years old.
Both were considered dead, but them survived.
“A woman told me, I was to run around my life, but I could not,” said Aida at that time.
My legs were bathed in blood.
I rose and climbed in, in order to look for my mother.
A soldier brought it in security.
After a set of operations it held itself for completely healed, said however yesterday: “Three months ago the pain returned.
I am afraid that I must be operated again.
Some garnet fragments are still in my knee.
Their goal is it now to become tooth lady doctor in order to help humans, as was helped to her by physicians.
“This tragedy changed my life, but it did not break me, says” it pugnaciously.
“That happened to me, and which one cannot change.
Once in the year I always go into the sports hall, in order to remind me of, which remained there.
My friends and I try not to talk on other days about it.
The pain is too large.
My best friend and future school fellow Dzera Gapoeva were killed there.
We played together, when we were small, and dreamed to go together to the school.
“I do not want to marry, until I terminate my study and begins my career.
Of a family I think later.
She says that the siege will remain always a part by it, although the memory becomes somewhat weaker each year.
I am glad that many humans in the world remember still our frights and we are so gratefully for the assistance, whom we received ago from humans in Great Britain and everywhere.
If I see online the photo of me, how I back-climb into the school, I that many humans see it for the first time, think for understanding and to it contribute our disaster that something like that does not happen again.
The boy, who fled by hail of bullets, in the opinion, its mother is dead
It was its first school day (Russians go with 7 years into the school) and survived the three-day-long siege in the arms of its mother Tamara.
As a seven-year-old he said: “Mummy told me, I am to lie down, if there were an explosion, and its hand hold.”
After an explosion thought it, it would die.
She told him: “Run.”
Full fear, it, fled he can be dead and saw on the way a crying infant, seized it at hand and fled by a hail of bullets.
His father Vladimir, who closed its son outside into the arms, said: “Damir told me that its mother had died.
He said: “I could not save it.”
In reality Tamara was tripped after outside and with leg injuries in the hospital, for their part in the acceptance that its son had died.
After its reunification she said: “I cried for joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran and embraced themselves.
Damir was flown later to London (of the newspaper news OF the World dissolved in the meantime), in order to receive from the Prime Minister at that time Tony Blair and his Mrs. Cherie the title of a Barnardo's Children's champion.
“This horror pursues you each day, but I wished, I could stop with reminding,” said he yesterday.
But I can say that it becomes pale in my memory.
I know still that I threw thereafter all my toy pistols away directly.
But I cannot play computer games with firing scenes and that am for me a problem now.
“I do not have a fear to decrease into the sports hall but I do not think about me.
I remember these children, with whom I played in the yard, and who did not create it after outside.
We never say that they were killed or are dead.
We say that they remained in the sports hall.
I remember very well my travel to London, particularly the toys shop, where I could select myself everything, which I wanted, and which trip in an open above car.
But now it has fear around place like Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of accident, which it and its friends suffered.
This horror pursues you each day, but I wished, I could stop to remind me of it.
“It does in such a way suffering to me around all those, which suffer from the atrocities,” said Damir, which worked past week as a volunteer in a monastery.
I want to help so gladly.
I want to go one day to the police and hope that they take me next year at the training academy.
Its mother Tamara, 48, said: “37 children from our neighbourhood were killed, can imagine you that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, it gave simply no children, who could call and run around, and this silence persisted many months.
It remembers lively its travel to London with Damir.
Humans in London cried, when I tell our story.
I understood at that time, how humans on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, and shows their support.
It was grateful to Cherie Blair and its foundation for the price and the possibility of traveling in the autumn 2004 to London.
I wished, I could Cherie call and to her simply say that 10 years passed, but I the meeting me it and their man in London to still remember, and how the Damir helped and me.
I remember still, how Damir wanted to eat gladly borshch and they called all local Russian restaurants.
I remember, how he played with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot with its water pistol at it and it ran away and played with it.
And that was only one month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British divided so readily our pain and supported us.
She said: “I always think that this world did not become better in these 10 years.
In Ukraine the war continues now, and each day die humans, and I believe the fact that many children were killed and still is killed.
Those are exactly such children like ours.
I think that for many the war is a part of the news, which hears it, if they are busy with something different one bored or.
I know simply, what these humans feel, the whole horror.
And I cannot stop with feeling.
Nothing changed, humans wants still mutually to kill itself and that is so sad.
Damir became large and is a very gentle and calm boy, it is aggressive or furious not at all.
It does not look for example for revenge, it is not overwhelmed from the past atrocities.
I know that he does not remember gladly, but he has six close friends out of the class and her to go occasionally into the sports hall and ignite there candles.
When it was smaller, he suffered from it - I remember, as he on the sofa put sometimes, the face turned away from us, for hours.
Not sleeping, its eyes were open.
I remember also still, how he threw all his weapons and other military toys away. Damir is now 17, more largely than I, good-looking, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I unite hours was long so safe that it is dead and I would never see him again.
When I came myself to the explosion recovered and on the legs, I looked around, and saw hell around me, with parts of the body lying about everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that my small boy in this hell could not possibly have survived.
“I remember that I shouted him, “Damir, run, run away”, but I was also so sure that he had not heard me.
But it heard it and ran away it.
And in such a way the life, differently than many different, continues for us.
Georgij Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible picture became after the siege the symbol of the atrocities from Beslan
Comfort: The Beslan survivor Georgij Lyin with its mother Fatima after the siege 2004, on the right of a picture of Georgij today
Its blutüberströmtes face was drawn of fear, when it ran around its life, while Chechnian terrorists shot his school fellows down.
Its picture was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarism of Beslan.
Its mother Fatima, 54, a lady doctor, had set him off for his first school day, before she rushed loosely, in order to bring her older son Vladimir to the university.
“I left the yard about two minutes, before the terrorists him stormed, and so remained my small boy there for three terrible days alone,” remember her.
Not all alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they were killed all.
Only my Georgij created it to survive.
The more near this date moves, the more heavily is it to remember and of it talk.
There is not one day, on which we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it for a long time ago is, I mean, some scenes would have happened from these days yesterday pursue me all the time.
Nobody is forgotten ever, promises I to you.
Urgently: The picture of Georgij (left) was one the most shocking attack and as Statue (right) was perpetuated.
I remember that Georgij wanted to go on this day so gladly to the school. He said, he wanted to embrace its teacher.
I knew only that he alive was, when I saw him on TV.
And now there is even this Statue of the crying Georgij in San Marino.
Georgij does not see the picture gladly, and it is at home in the bookshelf hidden with us.
I understand that, but I mean also that humans in all world feel our pain owing to this picture.
Georgij says today: “It is important, which can never happen something like that again.
“I doubt that we ever experience the truth.
Humans examine such tragedies again and again and never experience the truth.
And now they examine the crash of this Boeing in Ukraine.
Are we ever experienced, what caused it?
This world becomes something terrible one.
“I cannot understand, how that is possible, because if you ask humans, nobody wants a war, thus as happens that?
Ten years are not nothing at all with such pain.
We need dozens of years, in order to forget it a small little.
It attacked my health and feels I it still.
About three or four years long I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it became better.
I went later in the year 2004 again to the school and had each day fear.
I thought of my friends and school fellows, who had been killed.
Therefore I always go into the sports hall, if 1 September more near moves.
I want to mean to mean old childhood friends tribute to tribute.
It is heavy for me to go into the sports hall but I must do it.
I do not feel as a victim, this history am now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I do not pity myself.
My life continues.
I concluded and visit this year the school a medical university in Wladikawkaz.
I will become a heart surgeon.
My first choice was training in the army.
I wanted to become a soldier, but my health did not permit that.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgij Fanijew, 20
The boy, who survived, although he was imprisoned to feet of a murderous terrorist
A miracle: Georgij Fanijew was imprisoned during the siege to feet of a murderous terrorist, but he created it to survive.
During the siege it was in the sports hall and sat beside the bomb, which was fastened to the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It is really a miracle that it was not killed.
“We feel it, as if it would have been yesterday,” say Georgij, which wanted to go as a secret service officer to FSB, but this because of its health damage due to the siege not to do could.
It is not still with me, it is anything that I left behind me.
I am now older and humans say that children can deal easily with bad experiences - I do not have to say, vote.
“2006 I worked with psychologists and felt for it actually somewhat better, but I cannot forget it.
And I was gladly forgotten.
2005 - in the year after - was the first and only mark that I went again into the sports hall.
I lost consciousness.
I will return never again there and not ask you me ask not to show you where I sat in this famous picture.
Survivor: Georgij Fanijew today, with a photo of itself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is tremendous and I carries it each day with me.
My friends know the fact that I do not remember gladly or about it speaks and asked it me never for the school.
Physically am I well.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but I can now run well.
But because of my health I could not study at the secret service academy of FSB in Saint Petersburg, as I wanted.
I returned my documents, also the medical and answered her that it is not possible.
My second passion were the animals, therefore I went to veterinary Institut.
I have there already two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals “from cats to cows”.
He said: “I knew that I would never report to my children of my experiences.
About it children should not know anything and them should it naturally also suffer.
Its mother Marina, 42, said: “This pain never leaves me.
It is worse in my soul, if the anniversary moves more near.
I will go to the ceremonies to the memory.
I know that Georgij will not go.
It must be still many more violent for it, because he was not and I there.
I waited at home for him and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he was returned to me. Here in Beslan all of it are drawn.
It remains in us.
Georgij is now an adult, but this horror is still in him.
It is heavy to accept if somewhat so unfair happens.
He is a boy, he likes sport, but he cannot participate because of its knee.
It was operated several times, it can run, but drive no sport.
I would say that he overcame the horror 50%, but one can never overcome and forget that completely.
This terrible experience will always pursue us.
Many friends and neighbour were killed with the siege and to strengthened only mean the pain.
I lost many humans, whom I could do well and who me were expensive.
My son is with me, and that is the largest gift that God could make for me, but my heart cries around the killing.
I know from families, in which new children were born, in addition, from widows, who never married again.
It is difficult to accept that the life continues, even if one does not want that.
I am never forgotten, how my heart jumped in me, when I saw it in the hospital.
And now I see, what proceeds in the world - wars in other regions.
For what do these humans fight?
Why do they kill themselves mutually?
The war is our country now much and I can that nearly not believe.
We were in former times a friendly country, how it can be that we fight now?
Humans and children suffer, I am sure that in Ukraine many children were already killed and still many are killed.
If we only all these rebels to seize and eject could - as far away as only possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby, who was carried so moving by a special employment command in security
Saved: Aljona Tskajewa is brought by a Russian special employment command in security (left).
Them are now ten (right) and remember not at all cruelties
Die Welt stopped 2004 the breath, when the baby Aljona in the arms of a Russian policeman from the siege was carried of Beslan.
The terrorists let it go, but held back in their cruelty her 30-year old mother, the 10-year old sister Kristina and its brother Makhar in the school sports hall.
Makhar, at that time three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous massacre.
Its father Ruslan married since then again and has with his new Mrs. Swetlana a little girl that he called Kristina after his lost daughter.
Aljona, today ten years old, remembers the siege and is not grown up to an intelligent and happy girl, says neighbours.
“You are a large happy family and Aljona and a Makhar are both now great children,” say a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants them all the memories to save, which approach with the tenth anniversary.
They will understand, why.
Man accused of girls on pedestrian transition in Fife to have run over
A 78-year old man stands because of the over driving of a three-year girl on a pedestrian crossing into Fife in court.
Gordon Steward is accused of a girl on the transition to Pittenween to East Neuk to have started.
The accusation indicates, Mr. Steward steered its Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and injured the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation before the Dundee sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC set the procedure for January.
4 hints for better underwater photos and videos
If you liked to make gladly photos or videos under water, there is a selection of devices.
The most inexpensive option is a waterproof POINT and Shoot, as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or a Action Cam like the GoPro Hero3+ Silver edition, which both are to be had for approximately 300 $.
I took up these photos with a family celebration with several cameras, which are available all at a price of under 350 $.
Independently of the equipment there are a few rules for the best results.
Control your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery box and other subjects are closely locked.
Adjust your camera also to the photos or video, which want to take up you.
Some cameras and Camcorder have scene and admission modes, with which the exposure time for the dämmrigen underwater conditions is optimized.
And before you jump inside, check, until into which depth your equipment is functional.
Some cameras are certified only for up to 5 foot, others to 50 or 60 foot.
Look in our purchase leader and the evaluations for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Make for multiple photographs - because many will not fold.
POINT and Shoot cameras do not have an LCD, with which you can compose pictures, Action Cams normally.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to view this under water and the correct framing is a luck thing.
Thus you take many photographs.
If had your camera a row mode, with which a set of photographs also easily changed exposure settings are made, use it.
Remain close of the surface.
The light becomes dramatically worse, the further you depart from the surface.
If you remain possible thus closely at the surface, if it photographs in a pool, a lake or the sea to make.
Thus you can bring also more color into your photos; the more deeply you go, to the less color you will see.
Approach closely to the objects.
That is also ashore a good advice, but he is all the more important under water because of the bad lighting conditions.
It is completely particularly important, if you work with a Action Cam: These devices often have a firm wide angle lens, which means that you must more closely to your objects near, if these are to fill out the entire picture framework.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort, a whose character changes things, even in a as gigantic organization as NHS.
As an advisory anaesthesia physician he dedicated his career to the task to save to the patients both the death throes of the illness as well as the agonies of the treatment.
Among his patients, then its wife remembers, was a MI6-Mitarbeiter, which had to live with the devastating effects of tortures.
Lawson knew that the diagnoses and diseases are important to the physicians, while the treated ones are busy with somewhat completely different one predominantly: Pain.
One day in the year 2007 it was however that, whose suffering way began.
“I did not feel,” wrote he in the May of this year.
I had difficulties to gather up me.
While it fought with the flu-similar symptoms, he noticed that he made impatiently reproaches for his Mrs. Juliet.
“I want all dearer immediately than later”, noted he.
When Juliet was, felt for one week on a business trip Lawson unusual-proves completely and without reason concerned.
Was appropriate for something in air.
It asked a colleague to make an x-ray examination of its chest.
Only two weeks ago it in the French alps to the skiing had been.
The result of the x-ray examination was present.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer, which attacks the chest skin, thus the lungs covering skin.
As is the case for most cancer conditions is difficult the exact trigger usually to determine.
While for example some smokers at cancer of the lungs get sick, not all cancer of the lungs-gotten sick were early smoker.
But mesothelioma is different.
In nearly all cases the trigger is an asbestos load - contact with the fiber building material, which was considered once as “miracle material” however in the meantime as deadly was recognized.
For most of us mesothelioma is an illness, which can to be easily ignored as.
Asbestos is finally a product of the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos was not no more used in Great Britain since the 1960er years, than itself the industry obligated voluntarily not to use this no more.
Also, where it was still used, only humans in certain industries worked directly with the material - plumbers, construction workers, carpenters and throwing workers for example.
As an industrial dangerous material from another time it seems to be still causing concern today hardly.
But this self-satisfaction is inappropriate.
Great Britain, then seems it, deeply felt today the high point of an Mesoltheliom epidemic.
It gives more deaths by mesothelioma here than in every other country in the world.
With altogether 2,500 deaths per year twice as many humans at this illness die as with traffic accidents.
Annual numbers of the mesothelioma deaths since 1980 and prospective future deaths in Great Britain
The reason, why we experience the deadly effects now, although asbestos is illegal for years (1999 all asbestos types forbidden), is that a mesothelioma develops only after decades.
And the scourge the mesothelioma is not limited on former workers the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is frequently still, in the houses present, in which we live, which offices, in which we work, the schools, in which we learn and which business, in which we buy.
And from there mesothelioma does not know class barriers, financial borders, professions or age.
The privileged bastions, of the elegant department stores in London up to private schools, are not a shelter.
The parliament building are asbestos-contaminated.
Also in the hospitals, in which we are nevertheless healthy to become to be supposed, already as an output herd of this deadly carcinogenic agent constituted.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was also no plumber.
It fell it indeed heavily to introduce itself where he could possibly have come with asbestos into contact.
Then it found it out.
“It looks in such a way, as if in the tunnels at the Guy's hospital, where I completed six years long my training, was present a quantity asbestos.” it wrote.
All - students, nurses, physicians and doormen - use the tunnels.
One asks oneself, how many become my contemporaries at the same illness suffering?
It could unfortunately at least partly answer this question.
“Of the four physicians, who were trained at the Guy's hospital, and who got sick in the last five years at mesothelioma”, wrote he to 2010 in a letter, “are I the latter, still live.”
How will many of us still get sick?
With Andrew Lawson mesothelioma at the age was diagnosed by 48 years.
When it died on 17 February of this year, he was 55.
That was an unusually long survival period.
Fifty percent of all mesothelioma-gotten sick die within 8 months after the diagnosis.
The illness ends always mortally.
We can repeat from there only Lawsons question: “Will still get sick like many of us?”
The prominent expert of Great Britain to mesothelioma, professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870 and 2050, if the asbestos epidemic will presumably come into Great Britain to succumbing altogether to the victim it will be pleased to 90,000 of the illness.
Most of it have for the moment still no idea that they will die in such a way.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A short view of the documents of the courts, to which the concerning turn frequently because of demands for payment of damages, shows, how far the scourge of the mesothelioma is already common.
In June this Marks & Spencer added for example, Janice Allen to year negligent-proves asbestos to have suspended.
She worked nine years long for the chain, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible over the clothe department on two locations - one of it the Flagshipstore in the Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years as, when it began her activity with M&S.
Now it has two children in the 20s.
“Before this thing,” it says, “I ever of mesothelioma had heard, I not yet times really did not know something about asbestos.
I would have never thought that would concern me times.
There are only few humans, who know much about asbestos.
Fact is that the term asbestos refers not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name is due to the word “Asbestiform”, a description of the fibrous structure, which makes the material resistant and flexible.
Three of the six were used in construction industry.
Chrysotil, also as white asbestos admits, is today by far most frequently found asbestos in buildings.
It was used for roof slabs, floor panels, Rohrisolationen, storage water heater isolations, even for brake linings in cars.
It is less mortally as other asbestos forms, of the European Union and the WTO as “large health risk” with possible resulting in death is however nevertheless viewed.
More dangerous are however the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Great Britain was once the world largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts assume that “there are clear, however indirect notes for it that this was a principal reason for the singularly high mesothelioma rates.”
An employee of Marks & Spencer was exposed to London, asbestos in the Flagshipstore in the Oxford Street, Alamy
Janice Allen did not see herself perhaps as a typical mesothelioma victim, but it points the work of Julian Peto to the fact that her history is not under any circumstances unusual.
It submitted a study of the concerning, in which it is represented that “a substantial portion of the mesotheliomas without well-known suspension was probably caused by work or in the house by asbestos contact in the environment.”
A majority of these contacts is based to its statement after on the “normal use and aging” of our buildings.
It looks in such a way, as if nobody can assume that to be safe.
A report of Goddard consulting, which examined the palace of Westminster, shows, how humans could have been suspended also in the heart of the government, unknowingly the material.
2009 reported Goddard that the service pits and pipings behind the committee areas of the parliament with asbestos were contaminated, whose deadly fibers could be whirled up by somewhat as harmless as “strong air movements”.
Members of parliament are frequently accused of to worry about their own interests but it looks in such a way here, as if the opposite would apply.
While the management of the parliamentary one insisted labor service on the fact that the Westminsterpalast a “clean health certificate” had received, is it in the meantime undisputed that 1 billion £ effort over several years be brought up must, in order the parliament to recondition, the electricity installations to modernize and the asbestos remove, and that after the general elections 2015 the delegates will meet probably rather in the nearby QE2-Konferenzzentrum as in the green banks in Westminster.
The Goddard report pointed out also that “the presence was not handled by asbestos according to the respective regulations.”
Nobody can know whether this Miss management will cost lives.
Everything that one can do now, is waits.
A person, those the contact with asbestos exactly to never determine could is Graham Abbott, a general physician.
Like Andrew Lawson the 50-year old Abbott assumes that it was exposed to the asbestos during its work in hospitals.
“I worked in a hospital, in which asbestos complaints were decided positively”, say he, “however I can it in my case not prove.
It is so difficult to remember all places on which one worked, and the data.
That it is still exactly reminded the day at the beginning of December 2009, on which he got so a kind fever.
It was 45, and accomplished straight late in the evening an operation.
Suddenly I had vibration frost.
It came completely suddenly.
I felt terribly.
I believed not to create the trip home any longer.
When physician knew Abbott that the pain was due to the skin to the chest skin, around its lungs.
But like Janice Allen it did not have a reason to assume a mesothelioma.
It did not go one month to work.
Surprised physicians made radiographs of his chest and set Pleurakathether, in order to take and test in the laboratory liquid out of the lungs.
Its complaints remained however without diagnosis.
Its health improved slowly, and it returned to its job.
Occasionally the symptoms returned however, frequently to sporty manipulation and violent breathing.
2011 came a patient Abbotts with similar symptoms in its practice and with mesothelioma were later made a diagnosis.
In addition, now did not connect Abbott this with his own case.
Finally its patient was older some decades and directly with asbestos had worked.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011 Abbotts condition worsened again and its family doctor brought its CT-scans and radiographs to a team of experts.
In December 2011, accurately two years after Abbott for the first time suffer yourself had felt, became a probe equipped with a camera into the cave between the rib and the chest skin inserted.
I am an optimist.
I continue mostly simply,” say he.
Honestly said, I had worried not at all so many.
But Rachel, my wife, was anxious.
The result of the Biopsie was present in the week between Christmas and New Year: “One told me that it was mesothelioma.”
Graham Abbott: Diagnosis mesothelioma
Suddenly Abbott had dates with Macmillan nurses, of whom one recommended to him to take itself a lawyer.
He understood the extent of the epidemic only now.
“It turned out that asbestos was very far common, particularly in large public buildings, in which pipes were insulating with asbestos often,” says it.
Humans, who were exposed to the asbestos in these buildings, get sick now.
And in such a way mesothelioma meets now younger people, who did not work in the typical professions.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos isolations in hospitals lay underground, therefore patients were probably rather not exposed to the material.
But many employees, who changed in pedestrian tunnels of a building in the other one (how Andrew Lawson) or in underground cafeterias ate (like it Graham Abbott often did), came with largest probability into contact with the poisonous substances.
It is shown that over several decades after the war hospitals for the patients were possibly life-saving, but life-threateningly for the treating physicians.
It is also still today removed.
Pupils turned their Bunsen burners off to asbestos mats.
And it does not only concern hospitals.
Asbestos was used due to its marvelous isolating and flame retarding characteristics frequently in offices, business, libraries and town halls.
Also schools.
Actually many humans probably had the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Everywhere in the country, in thousands of chemistry hours, pupils turned off their Bunsen burners to asbestos mats.
To web pages the topic asbestos is now frequently responded in schools.
And meanwhile as innocent articles contained asbestos in our houses as floor panels or shed roofs according to standard.
“It is an industrial poison that in large parts of our real estate is contained,” notices Andrew Morgan, the attorney, who represented Andrew Lawson during its process against Guy's hospital.
In a case the only contact, which occurred to a woman concerned, was the outline of a garden shed into the 1970ern.
Thus you watch out, how you tear your garden shed off.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the illness is incurable, it is immense.
“It takes a while to process” says Graham Abbott.
I went again to the work and tried to make further but I noticed that I could not concentrate on that, which I did.
I was two weeks in practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and to care me around me.
Well yes, I will experience no further Christmas.
With the largest difficulty was the Perspektivwechsel of the position of a physician to some patient.
Like countless patients before him it reminds of it, how he overwhelms from all the information was, with whom it by right to come oneself had.
“It was very heavy to take up all this” says it.
“I asked mean physician “like for a long time have I still?”
And one gave me still about 12 months.
I do not remember that I thought, “well yes, I a further Christmas will experience.
That was it then. ""
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious, because it our life support mechanism - which breathing - it is that causes the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by asbestos contact.
Asbestos consists of smallest fibers.
If that is whirled up asbestos and the fibers are inhaled, they can itself in the chest skin, which skin around the lungs, to determine.
Asbestos fibers irritate the chest skin and can cell mutations release.
“The problem develops in such a way for professor Tom Treasure, a heart thorax physician, who changed 2001 to the Guy's hospital with the inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibers,”.
Exactly the hospital, by which Andrew Lawson is assumed a prominent center that it exposed him to the asbestos, now ironically, with the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some different, which were probably likewise during their training in the hospital exposed to the asbestos.
As soon as the asbestos needles reach the lung tissue, Treasure says, “it by the breath procedure to the edge is pressed, where the skin is.
By nature it is invasive from the outset.
The usual options with other cancer conditions do not work with mesothelioma so well.
The effectiveness of an operation is for example hot disputed.
Some it mean that she is worth an attempt.
Treasure answers that in the negative.
“One cannot cut the chest skin out,” says he.
They do not come around with the measurer therefore.
Meanwhile the cancer does not address “on chemotherapy very well,” the “effect shows”, but does not heal.
“Sometimes there are long-term survivors,” says Treasure.
But in the end they all die.
Fortunately some patients live actually for a long time, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
To two and a half year after his own diagnosis Graham Abbott fights still.
After it had contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came into contact with Andrew Lawson, who had become four years after its diagnosis a one-man support and a consulting office for affected too ones.
To “cancer center,” he had an interview hello, with calls merrily.
“It was very positive,” says Abbott.
It had received and was still very active its diagnosis 4 years before.
Originally Abbott six chemotherapy cycles had been offered, which would extend four months to last and its life presumably only by one month.
“I had despaired,” say he.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson created it however “the things in a somewhat more positive light appear to let.”
After the consultation of several physicians decided Abbott, its treatment with Professor Loic Lang-Lazdunski to continue Herz-Thorax-Spezialist at the Guy's.
“We had an advantage thereby that I did not have to be further-referred, I called simply and got a date,” admit Graham.
A normal patient would have to receive a transfer and for the approval of the treatment to wait would have.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma-gotten sick, in order to be able to notice the best available therapies.
But if these treatments finally fail inevitably, many concerning of another financial concern stand - over the future of the families, which leave them.
And in such a way they turn to the courts in hope for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan von Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
“It is since 1898 well-known that asbestos is extremely dangerous for the health,” says Morgan.
But which changed into the 1960ern is that one recognized that also a very small load represented a health risk.
And here the negligence of the enterprises began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's hospital settled her case finally, but it was not what calls Morgan a “full compensation”, since Lawson could not prove with absolute security that its mesothelioma was to due to an asbestos contact at the Guy's.
After the investigation to its death a spokesman of the Guy's confirmed however that “the asbestos fibers in the basement area concerned were removed into the 1990ern.”
That was too late for Andrew Lawson.
As asbestos can be removed
It is actual for mesothelioma-gotten sick, which strive for compensation, an enormous problem to assign the deadly asbestos contact of a company or a job - normally decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers were closed sold or.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those, which resist requirements, know that the time for it is, but completely surely not with the plaintiffs.
As reaction to it there were clear new legislation, which simpler for mesothelioma-concerned it makes in this year, to sue for a compensation even if their former employers are not to be found any longer.
The law could prove from the insurance industry promoted funds of 350 million £ for all furnished, which were diagnosed after July 2012, a contact, but nobody to sue be able.
In these cases the plaintiffs receive 80 percent its that could have awarded a court in them - about 120,000 to normal damage suit £.
About 300 successful requests with the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks as so many mesothelioma-concerned that 350 million represented £ to “very good work” of the insurance industry.
“That is a deal of insurers for insurers,” says it, and suggests the fact that it concerns with this sum a quarter of its, which insurers would have had to pay, if the time had not passed over it and mesothelioma-got sick the enterprises find and it normally sue could.
Also Mike Penning, work at that time and pension Minister, admitted that the law was not perfect “”.
But both Penning and Morgan addition that in view of seven victims daily fast acting was necessary.
“Humans suffer so much and need today assistance,” said Penning during the second hearing of the mesothelioma law in the December of the past year.
At this time Graham Abbott was for 19 months in the hands of Professor Loic Lang-Lazdunski.
After its first consultation long Lazdunski recommended an operation, from which he expects a positive effect contrary to Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied by a radiotherapy and a chemotherapy - a three-fold therapy, with which long Lazdunski can present a survival rate over five years of up to 40 percent.
Abbott felt strengthened.
“That is naturally the most important with,” says Abbott.
One sees that again and again with patients.
There is there something that lets you continue.
If you give up, are you very fast more badly.
Graham Abbott underwent in March 2012 of the operation.
At the end of August had it the last six chemotherapy cycles behind itself.
Aftercare scans did not show any signs of the illness.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were several cancer marks around my chest.
I became straight 50.
That is not life-threatening.
That is life-terminating.
Again Abbott underwent six chemotherapy cycles.
Now no trace of the tumors is more visible.
But the procedure is physically and psychologically much exerting.
They must think of practical things - of the money, if I am not any more, for example, or my wife to show, how the storage water heater time attitude functions.
If you receive bad news, become negative.
They must look forward.
As a father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, that is not always easy.
“For parents that is heavy,” says it.
It is difficult to know, what one is to say and like much.
When I mean first diagnosis received, said I mean girls that I would have an illness, with which I would become not old.
They reacted completely differently.
Tamsin is very informal and impetuous.
It told her friends and we got soon a great many calls.
Ellie was more reserved.
She did not say much.
Such discussions are something, which all cancer patients must go through.
But for mesothelioma-gotten sick such discussions are from hope did not pull through, not from a trace of hope for surviving.
The illness brings (as finally also for Stephen Jay Gould) a furious security.
Like Andrew Morgan says, “mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body embalmed Pharaonen in asbestos clothes wound
Asbestos fibers, which were used for the reinforcement of pots and for a larger heatproof quality.
Plinius the older one describes asbestos.
A fabric was developed that is not inflammable.
I saw scorching napkins from it with feasts in the fire-places.
The use modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used, in order to manufacture paper (also cash notes) and material.
Important asbestos mines are opened in Canada and South Africa and briefly thereafter in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal isolation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
Global asbestos production rises to more than 30,000 tons annually.
Statisticians of Prudential identify a premature death rate with those, which work with asbestos. These receive thereupon no more life insurances.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke states that asbestos particles are in the lung “without each reasonable doubt the main cause of death”.
That is the first case of these art.
Kershaws employer, Turner Bros Asbestos, do not take over liability.
No payment of damages is paid.
During the Second World War ships are built intensively, one of the deadliest performing with asbestos contact.
Voluntary renouncement of the industry of the import of blue asbestos
A court of appeal confirms the first successful people damage suit in Great Britain because of contact with asbestos.
Global asbestos production rises to more than 4.213.000 tons annually.
Great Britain imports 139,000 tons.
A health and a safety executive in Great Britain obligate all companies, which work with asbestos, to the license acquisition.
The import and the use of blue and brown asbestos are forbidden legally in Great Britain.
Each use of asbestos is forbidden in Great Britain.
The mesothelioma law is passed in Great Britain.
A compensation program of 350 million £ is announced.
Asbestos is forbidden, white asbestos however further in many countries of the earth as inexpensive building material is used in more than 50 countries.
World-wide production is with approximately 2 million tons annually.
China refuses Hong Kong right to government choice, demonstrator swears retaliation
On Sunday the Chinese parliament decided despite the increased calls after democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the elections 2017 by the Hongs Konger constituency.
This action probably beacons the long announced protests in of Hong Kong business district, while activists initiated planning and mobilization in addition within a few hours after the announcement.
The decision of the Chinese congress of people makes it possible to the communist leaders in principle to reject all not Peking-faithful candidates.
“Does not come unexpectedly, but it makes us nevertheless furious,” said Rechtsexpertin Emily Lau, chairman of the democratic party.
That is not what had promised Peking.
One lay the inhabitants of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we have to do it with an authoritarian regime.
In its defense of the Chinese decision said left protect, vice-Secretary-General of the standing committee of the national congress of people that the permission of public nominations would be “chaotic” with the elections for the Hongs Konger government too.
Since has Peking promised 1997, when Great Britain returned control of Hong Kong to the Chinese, to let the inhabitants select starting from 2017 the government presidency.
The Chinese guidance presented the decision of Sunday as democratic break-through, because there is the citizen of Hong Kong a direct right to vote, but it makes the decision also clear that the Chinese guidance keeps the expiration firmly by a nomination committee controlled closely of Peking in the hand.
In addition after a new clause only candidates are to become certified “with love for the country and love for Hong Kong”.
The decision follows one summer, in which some the largest and audience-most effective protests in Hong Kong for some years took place.
Behind the per-democratic campaign in Hong Kong the movement Occupy cent ral With Love stands and for Peace, whose organizers threatened to bulkhead the financial district if Peking does not permit genuine general right to vote.
On Sunday evening within a few hours after the announcement hundreds of Occupy Central supporters in the rain before government headquarters in Hong Kong had met.
During the demonstration the organizers said that its movement had achieved a new stage of civil disobedience and they planned protest waves in the coming weeks.
They made however no more details to apparently avoid in order problems with the authorities.
In a report of online the organizers communicated that the movement considered “the occupation of the central district only as last means, an action, which was to take place only if all dialogue opportunities are exhausted and no other choice exists.
It does suffering to us, says to have that today all dialogue opportunities were exhausted and the occupation of the central district will definitely take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong prepared for days for the announcement of Peking, and intensified security measures were valid for police force and barricades inclusively on Sunday before the government building.
The riots are strengthened by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they lose slowly control of their city.
The influx of humans of the mainland strengthens the competition around products and services.
In addition the fear grows that the values of Hong Kong begin to crumble such as democracy and free speech under the increasing pressure of Peking.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy Central movement, there it the business concern - which vital lines of Hong Kong - endanger.
“The protests, of which they speak, could cause large economic damage, depending on, like many in it are involved and like for a long time them to persist,” said Rechtsexpertin Regine Ip, which criticizes the movement for a long time.
We do not want to stir fears up that Hong Kong turns out out of control.
This impression is bad for investments.
The state-controlled mediums of China reported also recently on Demokratieaktivisten in Hong Kong as subversive agents steered of western powers.
In this summer activists organized an unofficial referendum to the choice elections, in which 780,000 humans participated - more than one fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July tens of thousands participated in one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of the graduation balls in the USA is transferred now to the universities, where Freshmen of appearances with the private airplane are offered.
We are pleased to be able and that the first luxurious travel service of Great Britain for students today offer to react to this demand.
In order to be able to obtain a particularly impressing appearance at the university, the enterprise offers also to transport options such as private airplanes, roll Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also indicated that the service had a safety section.
This service is an ideal alternative for students, who would have chauffeur otherwise their belongings in a dangerously überladenen car by the country.
Together with our new VIF options we look forward to ensure in this year that the students reach the university with a minimum of expenditure and a maximum at luxury.
An employer speaker said that still no new reservations would be present, since the service had been just introduced added however that “students booked the service in the next weeks” became.
In addition the enterprise communicated that it expects a market for this offer despite the study fees of 9.000 £ per year.
Students today differ in their expectations and requirements much from the students before 10, 20, 30 or 40 years - it is more importantly ever to make a great first impression and with VIF one can do exactly that.
The national student union criticized the service however as taken off.
Megan Dunn, Vizepräsidenten of the NUS for university formation said: “This offer seems completely separate from the life the majority of the students.
Many students, who begin this month with the study, see themselves to a crisis of the cost of living suspended, since the available financial assistances do not hold in the form of credits and scholarships with the strongly rising bills for the simplest bases of life step, before they can remember at all to spend thousands of pound on something so simple like the arrival in the student hostel.
Feminists criticize race question and police behavior after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed earlier this month by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
The participants lifted their hands into air and sang, “hands highly, do not shoot,” during them before the funeral waited.
After two-week protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of shooting the unarmed teenager Michael Brown noticed the Bloggerin Miriam Zoila Perez a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
After their experience white feminist commentators set the sex before the race, if it concerns to address reproduction right and income inequalities.
While the tensions in the middle west rose however and generally speaking country it received attention Perez saw that the answers of white women turned to 100% around the race.
In the comparison with the answers of black women shortly after the shots from 9 August the personal essays with titles did not only come like “thoughts on Ferguson of a white woman” and “feminism turn around the suppression of women” relatively late.
But for Perez an important change meant.
“I do not believe that one finds many humans, who speak privileges in so high-class kind about Weis its and in feminism” said her.
Humans felt pushed to express something to the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis, in which we are and because the situation is so ethnisiert in Ferguson that they must express.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of Ohio State University brought Ferguson of problems to the light, black Americans are exposed to which each day, who however not when “women's issues” are regarded in the cultural area.
“I can something hilarious ones on Facebook over me and mean partners publish and get 150 Likes from all sides,” said Mitchell.
If I post somewhat over it how colored ones are located in their own country under siege, the silence is deafening.
“As it can be safe for women to speak publicly about a relationship but not over security in the public area?” she asked.
For black women such as Mitchell, which studied race, sex and sexuality in the history of the USA, there is no dichotomy between race and sex problems.
For it black women did not have the luxury separate the topics cleanly; they live each day in the combined reality.
While white women connect now the topics race and sex in the feminist mainstream circles, Angela Hattery, Professorin for women and sex research says at George Mason University that its predecessors did the opposite.
“Between 1865 and 1890 at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the reason were nearly always the rape of a white woman,” said Hattery.
White women had to be involved in history, in order to justify the lynching murder.
For Hattery splitting came between white and black women at the point, at that white fighters for the women's suffrage such as Susan B. Anthony the country in the late years the 19. Century it analyzed and stated that the fight for the right to vote could be successful only for in each case a group: Women or black ones.
“You made the decision to use itself for the women's suffrage and which right to vote for black ones should come later,” said Hattery.
If one remembers such things, it becomes conscious one with power why colored women white women not to trust.
We did not make our job good.
We helped never black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Also after women received 1920 the right to vote, it took still another one decade, until white women organized themselves against lynching into the Association OF Southern Woman for the Prevention OF Lynching.
The group developed nearly 40 years after the original request for assistance on the part of black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell the flood of white feminist reactions to the questions - police behavior, racial discrimination -, raised by Ferguson, is a mirror of the time, in which white feminists “catching” played with the problems, with which black women sat down for generations apart.
“Wouldn't it be great, if the Aktivistinnen, which have such traditional feminist platforms the right to education of a child as seriously would take as it with the right to conception control do?” Mitchell asked.
Feminists of the second generation, which develops its career on the fight for reproduction rights and the entrance to conception-preventing means, try to understand now, what that means.
The well-known white feminist activists Gloria Steinem two week to shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a trenchant article of Rebecca Carroll, Kolumnistin of the Guardian went, in which she requires more protests from white Americans to the topic racism.
“I hope that women, who have another, but parallel reason for it the body an inherent danger to understand - and opinions to the race, which are in public surveys clearly different - the changes would start become,” wrote Steinem.
Although Steinem stands for a feminism rather intersektionalen, in which race is addressed just like sex topics, is nevertheless astonished some from their comments to the race topic in America.
Christina Sommers, Forscherin at the American Enterprise Institute and authoress of “Who Stole Feminism?” The People that young men are far more vulnerable in the United States, in particular young colored men, “than their sisters, said” however of stone Ems remarks to Ferguson stands contrary to its earlier criticism opposite She.
There are now hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but nearly nothing for boys.
But when the white house presented recently a small program, My Brother's keeper, in order to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, it gave annoying reactions of many feminists, under it to Gloria Steinem.
The relationship of the police to the black Community is not the only problem that into the foreground of mainstream feminism pushes itself.
After the US-border police took up nearly 63,000 unaccompanied persons under age at the southwest border of the country in this year, also the topic of the immigration reform steps the surface - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, CO-chairman von We Belong Together, an organization, which mobilizes women for the immigration reform, said that for a new view of the topic as a substantial women's issue she had to only publish stories of the immigrant women.
“These speak for itself,” said Mercado.
If the large majority of the work visas goes to male immigrants, are the women, who accompany her, in a position, in which they are susceptible to domestic violence and exploitation.
“These stories find a response in the women's organizations,” told them.
“Pig house” in Ipswich stands to the sale
The picture of a house standing to the sale was removed from real estate agents, when it became clear that it showed a large pig, which had made itself comfortable in the living room it.
The free standing house had a bedroom, is because of a private road in Ipswich and for 120.000 £ is offered.
To the details an illustration of the living room of the house belonged - to also a pig belonged that on a sofa had bedded its head.
Real estate agent Connells said, the pig in the photo was the domestic animal of the owner.
“The photo was published however erroneously and in the meantime removed” said a spokeswoman of the enterprise.
In the Exposé of the house Connells described the earlier meeting house than a “singular single family house with a bedroom.”
Although the broker removed the picture from the web page, it still appears on advertising material.
The house selling provided in the social media for interest, as if some it asked whether the pig was contained in the purchase price.
The SW-city Harvey resident after win in Lotto a new millionaire
A Lotto player from Harvey is this month to
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth persists, with a happy winner, who receives nearly 1.1 million $ from the Lotto drawing on Saturday.
A news stand in Harvey pulled for the second time in five years the jackpot in the drawing of the first division, after to 1 million $ in November 2009.
The happy winner must however still announce itself.
The shopkeeper Steve Forward said, the profit provides for topics of conversation in the small city in the southwest of Perth.
The city talks about nothing different one, and all are rather excited.
We thought that such a profit could enter.
Eight WA-winners celebrated in the past month profits in the first division, a being entitled conclusion for a few happy weeks for the players in the state.
In the past week a player became from Canning Vale of one of the five millionaires in August, after a married couple from Belmont had obtained only few weeks before the megagain of 7.5 million $.
The pair of winners had played for twenty years and said, the profit permits to them the possibility of a voyage round the world and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59. Winner of the first division in the WA in this year, with altogether nearly 85 million $.
Leonidas asked into the gladiator arena
The gladiators did not only stand ankle-deep in mud with the first Rheinbacher Roman day in the recreational park.
But the attraction of the event was strongly enough, in order to attract yesterday far over 1000 visitors, who defied the rainstorms and autumnal cold weather and let themselves of historical spectacle completely inspire.
There was multicolored round dance of representations, performances, plays, exhibits and information over the time of the Romans and its importance for the Rhineland.
Main attraction of the day was certainly the martial fighter troop of the gladiator school “Amor Mortis”, which used each rain break to demonstrate in the arena prepared with soft sand their robust combat art.
Owner of gladiator “Leonidas” showed itself as more humorous and expert Präsentator and sent successively its men into the ring to the heroical duel in different gladiator kinds.
First the “Provocatoren” was at the row with rectangle sign and short sword as well as splint at the left leg and support of the arm at the right arm.
The “Essedarii” followed with chest sign, short sword and throw lance as well as iron gladiator helmet, leg and bracer.
The appearance of the “Retiarius” was particularly impressive, which began with throw net, trident and dagger against the “Secutor” and pushed after short fight the guy to ground.
There the swords crashed metallically together, the sign rattled and the throw lances flew buzzing by the arena that a fear fears for and become could the health of the gladiators.
But on those the impressive “Summa Rudis” had, the muscular arbitrators, a always attentive eye.
“We wanted to let the Roman everyday life revive again and the culture of the Roman time experiencable to make”, described Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizer “circle of friends Roman channel”, the intention behind that spectacle.
After two years preparation time became from the recreational park for one day a “Oppidum Romanum”, a Roman city, as vice-mayor Claus Wehage in its greeting determined.
Finally the Romans brought not only in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings, which we admire this very day to war and conquest.
Remnants of it were to be admired also at the Roman day, about “aquaduct marble” of the eleven of meters high and 1400 meters are enough for Roman channel bridge, which once with Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus society confronted the water and power supply once and now, and managing director Petra Fricke knew: “We draw still today benefits from the knowledge from at that time”.
Confirms also diploma survey engineer Ralph Heiliger of “engineer team two” from Rhine brook, which presented measurement instruments of the Romans such as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra.
The Roman mansion in bright home presented sketches and models of the excavations in the year 1894 as well as bricks from the original Hypokauste, to the warm air heating, which warmed up once the Roman mansion.
Impressing also the foot castings, which by wolf and fox had been left two millenia ago in the kicks from tone, before one burned these.
2011 had excavated the office for ground monument conservation at the regional organization Rhineland the remnants of a Roman mansion in the trade area north in Rhine brook.
One found surrounding walls of an economic building with a Darre for drying grain and to the malting process.
The building belonged probably to a mansion Rustica, a agricultural property, described the archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A set of finds from these excavations presented it in a glass showcase, among them a large plate, several fine glass containers as well as parts of a delicate necklace.
The mansion existed probably from first to the fourth century after Christ, up to the idea of the Teutons in at that time Roman Rhineland, assumes Morscheiser.
With it the children were occupied besides with the Roman windmill play, similarly the today's mill play, or them wrote as once the Roman pupils their names with metal styluses on wax tablets.
At the conditions of the Roman hot springs Zülpich the children mosaics themselves were allowed to put, at the conditions of the glass museum Rhine brook glass mosaics to tinker and at the conditions the nature center the Eifel nice home a heavy wheat mill from stone serve, in order to grind the flour for a pita bread or muesli.
With faithfully the copied Roman travel car pulled by two cold-blooded animals the visitors drove by the recreational park and went past thereby also at the impressing conditions of the urban High School, which presented the results of their “Roman project weeks” here.
With one Roman week of 13. until 21 September also the community being awake mountain will bring itself into the Roman year proclaimed Rhineland far 2014, which is to remind of the death of emperor Augustus before 2000 years.
Together with the homeland and historical societies as well as the Wachtberger walking club, which becomes partnership club and the layman play group Oberbachem among other things thematic migrations, a lecture, cook evenings as well as guidance for grades offered and to the Roman past of being awake mountain reminds.
For example a Roman legionnaire is presented plants of its work on the drafty being awake mountain to tell, as living thinking marks from the Roman time and a funny lesson in things understanding among nations between a group of Wachtberger “Teutons” and tightened Romans is presented.
The Adendorfer primary school dedicates itself in the framework one project week the Roman topic.
With the Roman week are not to be made again more tangible the numerous, frequently however any longer at first sight visible traces of the Romans in being awake mountain.
In the Wachtberger city hall will remind a small presentation of the find of the Berkumer of matron shrine in the year 1879.
Ebola: The epidemic loads of west Africa economy
The Ebola epidemic in west Africa is also a heavy impact for the economy.
Markets are become an orphan - and international enterprises go on distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic shifts the economy of west Africa a heavy impact.
The harvest rots on the fields, which are mines abandoned and which markets becomes an orphan - the virus added to the region heavily.
Also some international enterprises already go on distance.
“The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but also an economical”, judges the boss of the African development bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is hardest concerned
“It is a total disaster, we loses very much money”, says Alhaji Bamogo, which sells Monrovia clothes on the second largest market in of Liberia capital.
On the market comes only, who wants to buy food or something for disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia is hardest of the virus met, alone here fell the fever more than 600 humans to the victim.
Recently the health authorities, the illness explained in each angle of the country had penetrated.
Also in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria the virus spread.
Altogether already more than 1500 humans, thousand further died were infected.
Foreign companies withdraw employees
Everywhere in the resources-rich countries companies suspend their enterprise.
Foreign enterprises like the steel concern Arcelor Mittal withdraw their employees, several international airlines do not approach the regions concerned.
Also the native resellers and farmer react: Only few merchants leave still their places of residence, in order to procure supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which stand under quarantine, among other things the cocoa and coffee beans on the fields, important for the export, rot.
The farmers do not dare it to leave for the harvest it home.
Food becomes limited
“Humans will less and less travel”, say Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert for the economy of west Africa.
The man for example, normally on the market goes and its vegetable rather at home sold, remains.
The population gets therefore the consequences of the epidemic urgent to directly and feel: Food becomes limited.
On the markets the supply of staple food shrinks such as rice.
An image damage threatens the region strongly dependent on international companies at the same time - with sweeping consequences.
The largest danger is that international companies avoid the area in principle over long time, says Philippe Hugon of the French Think tank iris.
Is crucial, as far and how long the virus will still spread.
With investors the impression can develop, “that it is dangerous, in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia warns to live and thus also invest”, Hugon.
The illness loads also the strained national budgets of the states
The illness loads also the national budgets of the states concerned strained anyway.
The rating agency Moody's fears that their budgets strongly by the high expenditures for the health system and additionally by the worsening economy are strained.
The African development bank already promised to help out the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollar (45 million euros).
Noticeable the effects also already are in Nigeria, where so far only few cases of Ebola were diagnosed.
The oil-rich region is not so far concerned in the southern Niger delta.
But already many humans from fear of an infection remain elsewhere at home.
Also reservations in hotels decrease clearly.
Contactors celebrate their 50. Anniversary
The rifle club “fir forest” Berngau celebrates its 50-year old establishment celebration from 12. until 14 September.
In top gear the preparations for the 50-year old establishment celebration run from 12. until 14 September with the rifle club fir forest.
September is planned, a large entertainment evening with the group of “village rockers” on Friday, 12.
On Saturday o'clock is the large Boell shooting at 18.
Subsequently, generally speaking marquee is the tendency evening with the “Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam”.
Brass band provides for the music
High points on Sunday are the fixed service and 9,30 o'clock in the parish church and the large procession at 14 o'clock.
In the afternoon is also the distribution of prizes of the federal and gau shooting.
A particularly beautiful sight the 25 fixed ladies with their Dirndln will be.
Fixed chapel is the brass band Berngau.
Mayors Wolfgang Wild and Staatssekretär Albert Füracker took over the patronage.
The original designation “shooting club fir forest Berngau” comes from the year 1907, as to 21. March the club for “social entertainment by means of exercise in the Zimmerstutzen and small caliber shooting” based is.
The LV-regime had arranged 1937 the dissolution of the club.
Only 1964 was again 19 young men, who lifted the “new” rifle club “fir forest” Berngau from the baptism on 30 April in the hotel Lukas.
Karl März and Adolf Ried led the club as contactor masters by a difficult start time, in which it concerned primarily to find club premises and install the shooting enterprise.
Already in the autumn 1965 the rifle club in the hotel “Leininger” started with two crews in the round matches.
In the subsequent years the riflemen, which were organized meanwhile in seven crews, in all classes were established up to the 1st gau league.
The club records tumbled annually and the magic border of 380 rings for the first time 1980 by Rudi Meier were reached.
As the efficiency active contactors increased, also the numbers of members positively developed.
After club premises “Leininger” were not sufficient for no more the requirements of a modern rifle club, the executive committee shank at that time under the guidance from Johann Rinn decided to create in the cellar areas new “land hotel hardening ice” a future domicile.
After a work of 2700 hours 1988 ministers Strasser for the new contactor areas gave the church benediction on 8 May.
One of the large high points in club history was surely the 44. Gau-shoot, connected with the solemn consecration of the new contactor flag in July 1991.
To 23. and 24 April 1994 the rifle club celebrated its 30-year old establishment anniversary.
1995 were created a Böllergruppe.
Josef Schmalzl became Böllerreferent.
A large challenge for the “Böllerer” and for the club altogether was the adjustment of the Bavarian Böllertreffens 2005.
In many hours of honorary work the club members modernized last year the areas and the shooting facility in the Berngauer yard and with it up to date to the technology brought.
Eleven teams in round matches
See to let to be able itself also the sporty achievements of the rifle club.
Altogether at present eleven crews participate in the round matches: six air rifle crews, airgun crew, sport pistols KK1, one youth and two ah crews.
The 1st crew with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi Grad and Kerstin Kellermann ascended in the round 2013/14 from the gau first league (highest league in contactor gau the ANB) into the district league 1.
The 2nd crew with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml ascended from the gau league north into the gau first league.
Beside the shooting events have such as support stinging, carnival and king ball, club outing and Christmas celebration tradition.
Also with it are the contactors also with the celebrations in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers accident upon return on the racing course
Tony Stewarts's return to the racing course ended about half-way by his running on the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart drove for the second time against the wall, after its right front tire in round 172 burst and terminated its evening.
Stewart drove its damaged car into the garage and left it, without speaking with journalists.
His team head Chad Johnston said, his 14-member team was disappointed, concentrates now however on running on the coming weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
“I wished, we would have had a better employment and a better result for it, said” John tone.
We drive to Richmond and hope that we can make it better there.
Stewart drove already in former times when running on Sunday evening to a collision with Kyle Busch into a wall and had to let the right side of its car repair.
“I went in today with good reason good hopes for a good result,” said John tone and added: “It did not fold simply.”
Not for a long time after the second accident Stewarts car was loaded into the tractor and the team had been packed and was ready for the departure.
Stewart let three NASCAR sprint Cup running fail, after its car met and killed another driver with a dirt-track racing in the north of the State of New York.
It decided to return and either to Atlanta or with next running to Richmond win this week, in order to win a place in pursuit.
It returned to its job, during an investigation to the tragic incident, that to the death of 20-year old Kevin Ward Jr. led, one examines. This had stepped during running on the lane, in order to confront Stewart.
The authorities communicated on Friday that the investigations will persist for the cause of the accident still at least two weeks.
Still no decision was made over it whether Stewart must count on an accusation.
The threefold champion was received with large applause, when it was presented before running.
After a start at 12. Position, had penetrated Stewart already briefly into it into the first 10 and was temporarily on place four.
After a restart in round 122, Buschs turned out
Car with the No. 18 out of control after the exit from curve 2 and collided with Stewart, whereby both cars drove against the wall.
Stewart drove on, dropped back however to place 21.
Dance-joyful new generation searched
Try out simply: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and chief Lisa Neitzel (from left) look forward to fellow combatants.
As many other clubs makes also for the jazz groups in the TV Jahn all-day education at the resuming schools to create.
After summer holidays some groups decimated themselves strongly.
Now strengthens new generation searched for a kind of sport, which is healthy and large joke makes.
In the two jazz and modern Dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, formerly dancer in the jazz and decaying Dance formation “Spirits”, are only nine children.
“, The 20-year old tells three in the group of the eight to twelfe-year-old one, six in the group of the twelve to 15-year old”.
With more active ones the whole became more joke clearly makes, “one could dance completely different choreographies”, says her.
Who has desire on dancing, Thursday between 17 and 18 o'clock can or on Fridays between 17 and 18.30 o'clock in the competition dancing area at the former hotel Meyer, free road 9, without obligation into the training hour hineinschnuppern.
“Training begins regularly with a warming up program”, tells the coach.
Afterwards different choreographies are learned.
JazzDance has the characteristic the fact that there is no fixed form and is from there for many styles openly.
Elements from folklore over classical period up to sport and acrobatics are processed in Jazz Dance.
Naturally also sociability does not come too briefly.
“We go eating also times, look dance films and we already in the dance area stayed overnight”, report Lisa Neitzel.
In the group one can close friendships, divide a beautiful hobby and do still another lot for the own motor development.
Whom in such a way jazz dance is not appropriate, that can also into one of the other offers of the TV Jahn hineinschnuppern.
Children and young people can always on Wednesdays into instruction in the ranges child dance/jazz dance, Bambini ballet, video clip Dancing and hip hop into instruction hineinschnuppern.
The dance coach is Francisco Afonso.
Pairs of adults are welcome to the dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
Who has desire on disco fox, slow waltz, Viennese waltz, Rumba, Cha Cha Cha and tango, may look in and join.
Bulgarian prison custodians protest country-wide
Hundreds of prison employees out completely Bulgaria organized a country-wide protest before the Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration they repeated their demands after recovery of their old conditions of work, which were recently changed.
Also higher salaries stand on a demand list, which is to be discussed with the interim Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
The officials protest for one month symbolically against the new working hours and demand a return to the earlier 24-Stunden-Schichten.
Despite the meetings between the trade union of the prison employees and representatives of the Justiziministeriums no agreement was obtained, announced national Bulgarian reason (BNR).
The negotiations persist, divided the general manager for the execution of punitive measures, roses Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest of the prison employees is presumably supported by members of the trade union combination of the employees of the ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian army gave airport up of Luhansk
In east Ukraine the per-Russian fighters are further on the advance.
After heavy engagements, in which allegedly also Russian tank battalions were involved, the Ukrainian army gave today, Monday up, the airport of the rebel center Luhansk.
The army communicated at the same time that in the past 24 hours seven soldiers had been killed.
Ukrainian president Petro Poroschenko had before drawn already personnel conclusions from the heavy defeats of his army in the fight against the separatists and had announced changes in the highest army guidance, without calling details.
Pro-Russian separatists shot airplane
In the fight against Ukrainian government troops per-Russian separatists shot one combat aircraft and two military helicopters again after own representation.
Approximately 100 soldiers are besides with engagements in the region Donezk injured or killed, communicated according to the insurgent on Monday Russian agencies.
Ships of the coast guard sinks
The insurgent stated besides for the first time in the Asow sea two boats of the Ukrainian coast guard to have sunk.
The Ukrainian border control confirmed that two of its ships were guessed/advised on Sunday in the proximity of the port Mariupol under bombardment.
Seven border patrol agents were injured, said a spokesman in Kiev to the transmitter 112.ua.
Two crew members were considered as missed.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists reported besides several localities in the area Donezk under their control to have brought.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Byelorussian capital Minsk meets today the Ukraine contact group.
Beside representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE in it also an envoy of the separatists from east Ukraine should participate.
Before all participants used their appearances for the public publication of their demand.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break its agreement with Russia by the planned stationings in Eastern Europe due to the Ukraine crisis.
NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said NATO on Monday in Brussels, adheres to the establishment agreement of the NATO Russia advice of 1997.
The NATO boss accused however Russia of “of a crass break” of the agreement.
“Today we must see to the reality in the eye that Russia does not regard NATO as partner”, so Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from Russian side follow, “that it us as an opponent regard”.
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen also announced to want to strengthen the NATO presence in Eastern Europe.
With the NATO summit in Wales to terminal “Readiness Action plan” will guarantee that “we will have more visible NATO presence in the east, so long this is necessary”, said Rasmussen on Monday in Brussels.
Kiev and Moskau agree on new gas discussions
Russia and Ukraine agreed official according to reports on new discussions for the settlement of their gas dispute.
The negotiations are set for coming Saturday, said the Russian Minister of Energy Alexander Nowak on Monday.
It is waited still for a decision of the European union whether it likewise sends a representative to the discussions.
Because of the controversy over the gas price Ukraine gets no more fuel for weeks from Russia.
European union-Energiekommissar Günther Oettinger had mediated last between both sides.
Ukraine had warned, Russia could interrupt also the gas supply for Europe.
Europe refers approximately a third of its natural gas from Russian sources, about which a large part flows by Ukraine.
Merkel speaks call to order: Toll will come “completely clearly”
Now the chancellor professes itself again clearly to it.
A charter for all complicated details is it however not.
Persistent doubts from the CDU against passenger car toll ergrimmt appreciably the CSU.
Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke a call to order after continuous resistances from her CDU for the introduction of a passenger car toll.
To say “around it completely clearly: It stands in the coalition agreement, and she will come”, said the party chief on Monday to meetings of the CDU leaders committees into Berlin.
In a detailed model Merkel did not commit itself however for the time being.
In the black-red government program “certain parameters” are mentioned.
Federal Minister of Transport Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) made “a proposal, and at that now one continues working”.
The NRW-CDU persists however in their no to a toll equal on all roads.
Merkel stressed, also Ministers of Finance Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) brings themselves constructionally into the consultation for a bill.
Beyond the topic he spoke with Dobrindt even about further possibilities of activating more private capital for investments in infrastructure about also with the broadband development.
“There nothing at all special is to”. Schäuble had a “mirror” - report uncommented calmly, its house checks its own concept, in order to recompense motorway investors with toll revenues - on Sunday after the choice 2017.
CSU boss of Horst Seehofer warned thereupon before it to develop in the cabinet of toll concepts against the responsible Minister.
CDU Bundesvize Armin Laschet affirmed its objections.
“The coalition agreement never assumed that, all circle and federal highways to bemauten”, said the North-Rhine/Westphalian CDU regional chairman.
To that extent it is an important signal that Seehofer now announced to speak again about the topic.
Resistance against the plans comes also from the CDU regional organizations Baden-Wuerttemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background are fears that a toll impairs the small frontier traffic to neighbour states.
Seehofer had required because of the toll criticism from numbers of the CDU coalition loyalty.
The left one views the plans in view of the controversy in the union as failed.
“Murks toll is dead”, said party chief Bernd Riexinger of the “new of Osnabrück newspaper” (Monday).
“With toll the Minister” fails. Dobrindt wants a sticker obligation on all German roads would bring in, which 2016 to start is.
Domestic autoowners may not be loaded according to coalition agreement however additionally.
Therefore they are to receive a full reconciliation for toll over the Kfz tax.
The model may not disadvantage foreign drivers however in accordance with your-genuinly because of their nationality.
Genetic disturbance often wrongly makes a diagnosis
A Briton says, it thought as consequence of a wrong diagnosis about many years that it would die.
Karin Rodgers lived nearly her entire youth in the faith that she had to only live few years, after she had been diagnosed with another illness.
She suffered actually from the Charcot Marie Tooth illness (CMT) - a group inherited disturbances, which damage the nerves outside of the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK communicated that wrong diagnoses are a frequent problem with humans with CMT, because so little admits over this illness is.
About 23,000 humans in Great Britain probably suffer from CMT, which can lead to motor disturbances such as myasthenia, an uncertain course and curved toes.
Got sick suffer also with deafness feelings or pain. The illness is incurable and progressively, which means that the symptoms become worse with the time.
When Rodgers was 13, she believed that she suffers from Friedreich ataxia (COMPANY) - an illness with very bad chances of survival.
Rodgers thought, it in the wheelchair would sit, before them became 18, and before their 30. Birthday die.
The mother of two children, that is 51 years old today, said: “As a child I knew that I could not do the same as the others.
I constantly fell down and everything lasted with me longer.
I could never drive with the other children roller skate or skateboard and go at school because of my kind and run was often teased.
Rodgers said that she saw their patient document at the age of 13 years after several operations for the discharge of her Achilles' tendons and aspect ratio of their feet, when their physician had left and read the room that she suffered from COMPANIES.
“I felt guiltily, because I had been curious, therefore I the nobody told, but I went home, looked for the illness in the library and wrote the company company,” said her.
When I received answer, I was shocked and came dreadfully into panic.
I thought that I would be with 18 in the wheelchair and with 25 to die, and between them slowly all my abilities would lose.
I constituted that everything alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said, when them became 17, it clearly that had not so strongly removed her abilities, like it had introduced themselves and asked her physician.
He rose simply, and embraced themselves and said, “my love, I does not believe not that you have that, otherwise now already wärst you in the wheelchair.”
I believe, you have somewhat by far less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests with their CMT was determined.
“As he me explained, what CMT was, I felt me, as if I would be a winner,” said her.
Charity CMT UK started one CMT Awareness month, in order to make attentive on this illness.
Csm A.D. Berni Diether works since the locking of the former troop exercise area as a ammunition technician
For scarcely ten years on the former troop exercise area in Münsingen is not no more shot.
Nevertheless still each month deadly ammunition in the heart of the biosphere area Swabian Alb emerges.
The shells are sometimes still so dangerous that they must be blown up locally.
A deafening bang resounds with the breakups over the heart of the biosphere area.
In December 2004 the last sharp shot fell on the troop exercise area Münsingen, at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military enterprise was closed.
Since this time that is 6500 hectares large area the core of the biosphere area Swabian Alb, which is opened on 13 proven ways for ramblers and cyclists.
Tax burden of businessmen in the area Washington rises with the economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customer, more sales and new jobs.
It means also higher taxes.
National and local tax assessments for enterprises in the country rose last year easily, while the economic recovery accelerated itself, so a again published study in the past week, and the companies in the area Washington did not form an exception.
Enterprises in the area District, Maryland and Virginia paid together 27.6 billion $ to national and local places in the financial year 2013, a rise by 3,8 percent in relation to the incomes of 2012 at a value of 26.6 billion $.
The national and local fiscal charges of the enterprises rose last year by 4,3 percent to 671 billion $ on, compared with 3,9 percent in the year before, and it was the third growth year in consequence after the several years of sinking answers 2009 and 2010.
National taxes rose more strongly than the local deliveries, by 4,3 percent, so the study, which was accomplished by the service agency Ernst & Young with the center for national taxation, a tax policy group.
More than half of the tax revenues of the District, 56 percent, originates from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of the incomes of Maryland from enterprises originate.
Virginia obtains the smallest tax revenues from enterprises with 28 percent.
A majority of the rise with the tax revenues is justified in a recovery of the real estate values of the enterprises, says the researchers, what led to an increase of the real estate taxes by 3,7 percent in this year after the three following each other years with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large part of these profits originated from large states such as California, New York and Texas, the expiration seems to apply also to the area Washington.
Enterprises in the District, Maryland and Virginia paid together over 10 billion $ at national and local real estate taxes last year, compared with 9.6 billion $ 2012 - a rise in the process of one year by 4,2 percent.
But the apparent recovery at the real estate values is not so effective in Maryland with the increase of national and local tax revenues, since the real estate taxes amount here to scarcely more than one fifth of the tax assessments of enterprises.
Enterprises in Virginia and D.C. pay nearly half of their national and local taxes in the form of real estate taxes.
“In Maryland the following happens: a large part of the real estate, in particular in the tax area around D.C., is either in the possession of the government or from Non profit organizations, which do not pay real estate taxes,” said Douglas Lindholm, Geschäftsführer the center of on State rating.
Maryland is compelling much more on the income taxes to rely for example in order to be able to offer the same services, which offer other states.
The recent recovery with the tax revenues by enterprises cannot be added alone to the recovery of the property market
Enterprise incomes seem to likewise recover, so the data.
Enterprises in the region reported over income taxes with state organisations of 2.3 billion $ compared with 2.1 billion in the year 2012.
Maryland took 1 billion $ in enterprise income taxes, the highest amount of the region.
While the trend goes into the same direction, the local tax burden for enterprises does not rise evenly at all three places.
The rise rate in the District corresponded to the national average, while the rise was clearly higher in Maryland, with 4,3 percent 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia announced a tax revenue below average of 4,1 percent.
Virginia has with 6 percent in all three competences clearly smallest enterprise income taxes (in all three there is firm of taxation of enterprises sets).
The taxation of enterprises set in Maryland lies with 8,25 percent and in the District with relatively high 9.975 percent.
A comparable study of the US-Chamber of Commerce at the beginning of this year showed that in Virginia smaller national and local corporate taxes are required and altogether a better tax climate prevail than in Maryland.
In the study the District was not examined.
Despite the advantages Virginia stands under pressure by his southern neighbour.
North Carolina adopted laws for the lowering of his taxation of enterprises sets in this year from 6,9 percent to 6 percent, which same sentence as Virginia, and the sentence will sink in the coming year on 5 percent.
If the state reaches further its income goals in the coming year, this law could reduce the enterprise income tax rate of the state until 2017 up to 3 percent.
In the meantime the small firms in the area Washington seem to be better, and they pay from there more national and local taxes, so the recent study.
Corporate taxes, those as personal income taxes by small businessmen to be paid - a transition structure, after which most small businesses are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia rose last year by 20 percent to 2.4 billion $, a clear faster growth rate than the corporate taxes altogether.
The researchers say that the trend and the rise will probably stop country with the corporate taxes generally speaking in this year, with an increase of the general multi-military tax revenues for the state and the local governments by 6,2 percent in the first three quarter 2014 in the comparison to the same period of the previous year.
Nevertheless the area Washington could lag behind, if the output shortage of the Federal Government affects the job market in the region.
Twin city: German beer for Guangzhou
Hop and malt - also in China a popular combination.
German beer enjoys a outstanding call in China.
In addition of Frankfurt twin city in China now a brewery desires and hopes for a flight direct connection between that the two cities.
German beer, brewed in of Frankfurt twin city Guangzhou - in such a way the urgent desire of the official ones reads in China.
“We would be pleased much, if a German brewery would establish itself in our city”, said the vice-party secretary of the South Chinese metropolis, left Yiwei, this week with the visit of a SPD delegation in its city.
The functionary of the governing Communist Party of China returned again and again in the course of the discussion to this request of the twelve-million-metropolis.
Guangzhou, which is called in Germany also canton, is one of the richest cities of China, promoted left.
Therefore humans would possess also the purchasing power to be able to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairman Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel, who stated the German politician delegation, assured to the host, he in Germany about a possible partner for the project will ask around.
“For beer it needs not much: ”, he added good water, grain and joy of life with the lunch with the party-upper in Guangzhou.
This joy of life radiates already Mr. Li, flattered it to the host.
Thereupon the functionary from Guangzhou with shepherd Gümbel pushed on however with red wine, which was served to the meal.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao decreases to German brewing art.
Tsingtao beer is brewed after the German purity law.
More course of business
A second desire of the Chinese hosts would be a flight direct connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said vice-party chief left.
Lufthansa the flight had in former times offered, but in the year 2012 for economic reasons had painted.
“It again to be worth”, was it shown the local politician convinced.
“The course of business between our two cities takes ever further too”.
At present travelers would have to take the detour over Changsha in that to hunan province, complained left.
Also the administration the guangdong province, whose capital is Guangzhou, hopes for the airline connection.
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, placed this desire with its discussion with the Social Democrats into the foreground.
“That is a very good idea”, answered shepherd Gümbel - the Chinese vice minister Li Jinjun, an intimate connoisseur of Germany, nodded approving.
Maintained partnership
The affable vice-party chief of Guangzhou hopes that he can visit Frankfurt in the next year to a partnership meeting.
Left Yiwei already was at the Main, but not yet in this function.
He came only in this year into the office, after its predecessor had been carried because of accusations of corruption from the office.
Also the local party chief Wan Qinglian had to go.
The action against the functionaries from Guangzhou is part of a country-wide campaign against the corruption in a party and administration, which are implemented by head of state Xi Jinping with hardness.
New leading politician Li Yiwei had worked before his party career for an American enterprise, which in the Communist Party of China is most unusual.
Before its assumption of office in Guangzhou it was active as a top official in Fujian, where the car maker VOLKSWAGEN establishes a large work.
Frankfurt was received officially more than one dozen of partnerships between cities.
The connection to that 9000 kilometers removed Guangzhou belonged to those, which are from both sides maintained, approximately with a student exchange.
Last year the 25-year old existence of the GermanChinese connection was celebrated.
The South Chinese metropolis at the Perl river is nearly as strongly as whole thereby with their resource Hessen.
In the next year it wants to reach a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, reported left.
Family of Joan Rivers “presses the thumbs”
Joan Rivers is unconscious since their admission into a hospital in New York town center three days ago; their daughter appeared however today hopeful that the 81-year old comedian recovers from its illness.
To “,” Melissa Rivers said thanks for your continuous love and support today in a report.
We press all the thumbs.
Their mother was admitted to sources according to on Thursday after an emergency because of cardiac arrest in a hospital to the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, into the Mount Sinai hospital.
The physicians keep it intentionally sedated and under exact observation, until they are more content with their condition, which is described further as “seriously”.
The reactions came from many sides, also in form of an overwhelming online support of Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Pollution free vacuum cleaners and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners, which come from today on into the trade, in the future stricter environmental standards are valid.
Similarly as refrigerators and washing machines new vacuum cleaners receive from 1 September to a label, on which the buyer can recognize at a glance central data like the energy efficiency of the equipment.
For new cars in the emission class “euros of 6” sharper nitrogen oxide values are valid.
In addition it gives more funds for the stand farmer: Receive a country widely uniform minimum wage from 10.25 euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for 1.04 billion $
AMAZON confirmed just now, what had reported information on Monday mornings: The online retailer - and video producer, and a variety other things - buys the Videostreamingdienst Twitch for 1.04 billion $ (970 million US-$).
The announcement comes surprisingly, not because nobody had expected an assumption of Twitch, but because it was assumed far away that YouTube would acquire the enterprise.
Three months ago it looked in such a way, as if the sale of Twitch was to the video service of Google for a cool billion done deal, and co-operation appeared also naturally.
Twitch, which was only created before three years as Justin.tv, was started as general Streamingdienst - a live version of YouTube.
Instead it became fast a platform for players, who published their bravura pieces in plays wanted, a “YouTube for live plays”, such an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And “let's play”, a video category, in which know-it-alls give a painting of secret science theatre (usually older) to the plays, are on YouTube already much likes.
It is just like that YouTube is often called, if one wants to describe Twitch therefore became the message that YouTube Twitch wanted to buy, something bored taken up, a text book example of an established technology enterprise, which buys up a potential competitor.
It is a mystery, why that did not come deal with YouTube, since the enterprise was ready according to reports, just as much to pay as Amazon.
Everything that we know for the moment about it, is this statement of Emmet Shear, Präsident von Twitch: “We have ourselves for Amazon decided, because they believe in our Community, it divide our values and long-term visions and them want us to help to arrive faster there.”
A further secret is honestly said, unbelievable success by Twitch.
For snobs like me, which explain that they drive dear sport as thereby to watch, are it heavily to understand the attraction which assumes that, others when playing to watch instead of even the control console into the hand to take.
It is a thing to look a friend at 3 o'clock in the morning over the shoulder while it creeps by resident Evil, and somewhat completely different one to watch a crank how it is shot 20 times successively in call OF Duty into the head.
All these plays could view you now straight.
Another problem lies in it that many of the popular plays are today ego plays, therefore can watching without own control of the view perspective a correctly good recipe for headache be.
I admit that the high-speed runs, into which of Roger Bannisters's our electronics age whole plays in record time complete are entertaining.
But as long as play or humor-virtuoso is not thereby, its Twitch channel is probably not so much interesting.
But which sceptics know like I already of it?
Twitch is called of 55 million different visitor per month and is the fourth largest source of Internet peak traffic.
And how exactly does Amazon from it want to make money?
It is heavy to imagine that Twitch is integrated so elegantly in Amazon Instant video, as YouTube Twitch could have swallowed simply.
But Twitch has something that would have each enterprise gladly: Thousands of young men, who are wooed as advertising customers.
Like the chairman Shear, said von Twitch, Amazon and Twitch “did not believe both in the future of the Gaming,” and the medium shows signs of a contraction, not yet times - sip - as spectator haven.
On the hopping castle with the castle garden festival some was the matter on Saturday.
The concept of the organizers was correct.
Despite the strong downpour on Saturday evening came roughly 1200 of music fan to the open air celebration in the castle garden.
Occasionally had admit to be stopped.
“That was annoying”, said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel l light and joke.
From two Spanish words Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem formed the name Amula.
Because the open air in the Salzwedeler castle garden is to radiate brightness on the day and in the evening by various shows.
Well, and joke comes anyway from alone.
That showed up already in early Saturday, when the first visitors opened themselves to the open air.
The organizers had promised a celebration for all generations.
And that succeeded to them.
Approximately around the supply conditions on the castle garden meadow Salzwedeler, in addition, guests from the closer and further environment had made themselves it cosy.
They pursued the first live appearances, whipped with the foot in the beat, enjoyed cool beverages - short: Relaxation purely and benefit were announced.
And straight through the generations.
While the one on covers on the extra angekarrten white sand at the beach bar lolled themselves, others at a quarter wine in the Vinothek refreshed themselves, raved the new generation on the hopping castle, which was a large point of attraction for the smaller guests.
In addition, with child make-ups had the voluntary aides in the true sense of the word all hands fully to do, in order to become the crush gentleman and do magic fantasyful creations into the small faces.
The larger ones used the kicker tables or took part in a skateboard workshop, which the Goodfoot crew from Salzwedel aligned.
Until the large rain came.
Shortly before 17.30 o'clock it pelted down on the visitors, above all families looked for that width and dry one.
But did to the attractiveness of the celebration this no abort.
“Came more humans than expected”, said Ron Sem, which spoke of a “success on the whole line”.
Therefore oppose a repetition of the large party in the coming year nothing.
Although on contents and size of the event must be still worked, Sem in a first balance made clear on Sunday in relation to the voice of the people.
As annoying designated it that in the meantime admit to be stopped had.
Obviously the security company had been booked also too few forces.
The consequence: Some, which had already paid, did not come any longer on the area.
The resonance was very good.
In a first careful estimation the Salzwedeler Mitorganisator spoke of approximately 1200 visitors, who cavorted in the castle garden.
There were problems with the audio engineering.
The Salzwedeler hip hop volume of block ` n ` Rox fallow their appearance therefore weakens off.
The technicians were not able to create a halfway reasonable sound.
The planned Shisha Lounges could not be developed, because the tents could not be brought because of a flat tyre to Salzwedel.
“In the next year they will be however thereby”, so the organizer.
The premiere the Amula open airs from the numbers of visitors had more than succeeded.
And in bad weather.
However the organizers committed some errors, which are still forgiven with the first time, but with the second edition to be eliminated to have.
Also in the social network Facebook must put the organizers in criticism.
“Sorry, but for twelve euros one expected, expresses themselves simply more” Melanie Meier on the event side.
“Took over, means you you unfortunately a little” Ele Carpenter in same place.
Others do not see the initial problems completely so closely.
I find it very good that some do not only chat stupidly, but also really tries something on the legs to place.
Hat off! ”, Stephanie Jenß writes to the Amula.
Now one year remains for the organizers time, in order to turn these points of criticism off.
New radome in Berkum: Being awake mountain landmark shrinks
That is as expected not like that.
Rather the ready lying component waits for into the salient building to be inserted.
The action stands in the context of a larger measure: Nearly 50 years after establishment of the space observation radar TIRA the covering, which renews so-called radome, completely, becomes.
New radome will be somewhat smaller with a diameter of 47.5 meters than the old.
The size remains however still world record.
The last step for the completion of the new covering is the cap exchange
The upper quarter of the old covering is separated and removed with a crane.
Afterwards the last quarter of the new covering is put on.
If the weather plays, the action is to go at the beginning this week over the stage.
Participant to the Ice Bucket Challenge twists jaws
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain cried so much, when her ice-cold water was poured over the head that it injured the bone structure of her face.
This Ice Bucket Challenge miscarried painfully.
A woman was admitted in the hospital, after she had cried with the Ice Bucket Challenge so much that she dislocated herself the jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screeched so much, when her ice-cold water was poured over the head that it injured those their face structure.
“The water was so cold that I cried, and during I the act, stopped my jaw simply,” said her opposite The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year old.
Isabelle Roberts's some seconds before the accident
I wanted to mean mouth close, but, that did not go to jaws was got caught, and then I understood that somewhat was not correct.
My mother and my sister saw also and made themselves before laughter nearly into the trousers, but I had into provisional accommodation.
The 20-year old from Great Britain was admitted in the hospital, in order to be able to be straightened the jaw after the participation in the viral trend on Tuesday again.
The clip was linked to an Internet sensation and thousandfold on Facebook and Twitter.
Do the castle clubs pull soon to a strand?
Last there was again and again discord between the two Wolfratshauser castle clubs.
Now the executive committees think about a possible co-operation.
As model for the reconstruction of the Wolfratshauser castle the deceased Richard Dimbath, former chairmen of the Wolfratshauser of castle friends stated, the project in the French Guédelon.
Still one year ago no good climate between the castle club and the castle friends Wolfratshausen prevailed.
Expressed differently so far the points of view seemed, how with the history of the Wolfratshauser castle and a possible reconstruction were to be gone around.
Now the both bearings approach one on the other: Already soon discussions are to be led across a joint action.
The club executive committees Torsten Sjöberg (castle club) and Herbert Piffl (castle friends) on demand of our newspaper confirm that.
“I called and suggested Mr. Piffl that we could build ourselves up once”, report Sjöberg.
According to him all members of both clubs could pull in the future to a strand.
So faster visible successes are to be registered.
While the castle friends had the deceased Richard Dimbath to last a reconstruction of the castle at the mountain forest in the eye around that suddenly, the “development and experiencing bar making” of the area in foremost place stand for the castle club around Sjöberg.
Herbert Piffl, second chairmen of the castle friends, was pleased according to their own statements about the call very much.
Since Dimbaths death it manages the castle friends.
A new chairman is to be found to in the middle of Septembers in a meeting of the members.
Momentarily the club counts 74-year old approximately 40 members according to.
“After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath we let the club activities from respect rest first”. This “thinking phase” was necessary, in order to consider “, like it to continue could”.
According to Piffl the new chairman is to then go into the discussion with the castle club.
By then the castle friends could make themselves also a current painting conveying a special atmosphere within their grouping.
There is, says a candidate for the presidency momentarily not yet Piffl.
“However I am confident that someone will be”. He does not want to stand as a candidate, because he has his domicile in bath Tölz.
The new chairman should be a Wolfratshauser.
The Tölzer wants to cooperate in the project “however very gladly further”.
The different points of view in things reconstruction will probably remain existing in the eyes Piffls in next time.
It appreciates Dimbath as “missionary”, which always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far progressed projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a castle in the air.
By a high participation of the population as well as by voluntary aides from all over the world they are a tourist magnet.
Piffl: “Also I was at the beginning sceptical.
But in the course of the time I am more and more arrived at the conviction that it is meaningful, the project to advance”. A “unique selling proposition” can be created for the Flößerstadt.
Here it gives nothing else.
Besides the project would be eligible for financing by European Union-subsidies, visitor tickets and potential sponsors, believes Piffl.
“I do not want to throw the idea of the reconstruction personally therefore simply over board”. He hope that perhaps the castle club in this point moves something.
Their goal of documenting history first “is important and good”.
Afterwards one would know further marriages.
Smarter ways to saving with university text books
Since the costs of university text books of many students more than 1,000 $ per year are, the nearly secondary term student Matt Schroeder considered himself a smarter savings idea.
It invented a borrowing system for books of students of higher terms and offered a nominal compensation, in order to delay the back sale.
“My mathematics book costs normally 180 $, but I received it for 10 $ for one term and a Chick fil A cookie,” said Schroeder, 19, the Covenant college in Georgia visited.
For the last term the needed books would have cost, said it to 430 $ it.
It spent 120 $.
The college line communicated, which students spend annually on the average more than 1,200 $ on text books and study material that there would be different curbing cost expansion options for the students however.
Online shops and creative approaches like the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of the choice for the students.
Renting of text books becomes more popular, and so students can use a book one term long, frequently for clearly a favourable price than with the purchase.
Neebo Inc., which operates more than 250 university book shops, communicated that renting librettos had doubled itself since 2011.
Surveys in the industry show that about a quarter of the books was rented in the college book shops in the past spring semester, said Neebos vice-president Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all text books according to statement of the trade association national Association OF college store in campus book shops are bought.
Here is the multiplication table for best deal.
Online buy
Some new books cost online only one third of the price, for which they are to be had in the campus book shop.
The ninth edition of “calculus” vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs nearly 290 $, can however with the specialized text book retailer Chegg .com for 239,99 $ be referred.
Used buy
If the notes other or normal signs of usage anything do not constitute, used books are a good option.
“Calculus” is to be had used on Chegg.com for 93,49 $.
Matt Casaday, 25, conclusion student at Brigham Young University, says that it spent 42 cents on Amazon.com on a used edition of “Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business end to OF The Advertising Business.”
The book was sold again for 48 $.
University graduate such as Ingrid Bracey, Leiterin of the University OF Massachusetts at the Amherst college Without of embankment recommended students to inquire with her professors whether earlier expenditures were permissible.
Sometimes the updates for the seminar work are not relevant.
In such cases older expenditures can often be acquired for a fraction of the costs of the newest edition.
Except Chegg and Amazon also Half.com of eBay Inc. is a popular alternative for used books.
Rents
Renting text books is a consideration worth, if you treat it to some extent well, remembers, to return it and you the books after conclusion of the course not kept would like.
They can save more than 80 percent of the costs of a again bought book.
A student could rent for example “calculus” for the duration terms for approximately 20 $.
Inform about the regulations of the business with that you rent yourselves, also about the penalty charges, which result if necessary for the letter of notes, underlinings or signs of usage.
Tenant watched out: If you do not return the book, the penalty charges can even exceed the price of a new book.
E-Books
Also E-Books instead of conventional text books are an option.
Sometimes these books are de facto rented, by an electronic license for a certain period of wholesale dealers such as Amazon.com, Chegg as well as Barnes & Noble Inc. one makes available.
With Chegg one can rent “calculus” for 6 months for approximately 61 $.
Bracey says that students in literature courses find frequently the best offers, since many classical authors can be downloaded nowadays free of charge, while scientific and engineer-scientific text books can be very expensive.
In any case look around.
Joe Gault, 29, which will visit the Pepperdine Law School shortly, recommends the ISBN number for the price regulation with books, since one can be so safe, to find the correct text book.
And before an online order one should check, so Gault whether the book is actually available.
He learned this lesson the hard way.
He bought a book the fact that four weeks delivery time had and paid finally the full price in the college book shop.
Why “Guardians OF the Galaxy” no cash hit became
“The Expendables 3” of Sylvester Stallone brought in less than 30 million dollar its 90 million dollar budget in the USA, during “Sin City: A lady ton kill For” only 12 million dollar of his budget of 70 million dollar brought in.
The film “sex Tape” tailored to Cameron Diaz brought in on opening weekend only 14.6 million dollar, while children's films likewise disappoint like “Drachenzähmen easily made 2” with the incomes.
An article of the telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that with the children's films the lack of quality could be with the films themselves the reason.
Collin called 2014 “the worst year” so far for children's films and described “Drachenzähmen easily made 2” as purely “functional” fantasy continuation.
With films for a somewhat older target audience it seems however in such a way, as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore and Metacritic evaluation for each summer film release, which was shown between American Memorial Day and 20 July 2013 and in the current year on at least 2000 canvases.
The results rely on the opinion of the cinema visitors and film critics and point to the fact that the film hits of this year those of the past year equivalently are.
Some commentators mean that the development to changing Sehgewohnheiten and the increasing popularity of Web Streaming services are to due such as Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who works at present on of Disney soon appearing jungle book film, said Hollywood Reporter opposite the web page: “I believe, the times change.”
We must accept and not try that to run after the past.
Contrary to at present weak cash results of the Hollywoodproduktionen Netflix obtained in recent time of sales with Streaming contents at a value of 1.2 billion dollar, nearly twice as much like last year, in which the revenue 837 million dollar amounted to.
In the last summer the director Steven Spielberg criticized the film studios for the fact that they concentrated too much on filmings of comics and prophesied a “core melt-through” Hollywoods.
In the light of the present wing over seen some commentators argue that its dark prediction can quite contain a true core.
Due to the potential cash hit, under, it which can be expected in the summer 2015, Avengers: Age OF Ultron, mini ONS and Jurassic World are however more optimistic other representatives of the film industry:
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, described the decrease of the cash results recently as simply “cyclic” and said opposite Hollywood Reporter: “The next summer will be the largest summer at the cinema cash at all, and nobody becomes more around the business worrying.”
When the 2nd table tennis district class was painted some years ago for rationalisation of the league organization, that was a step into the right direction.
Now the German table tennis federation took an additional 3rd Bundesliga in the program.
The consequence: Who did not ascend, descended.
Thus of Goettingen avoided, plays class-highest team torpedo in first league relegation the descent in the coming season however only fifth-rate ones.
Fourth-rate ones remain torpedoes ladies, despite their magnificent victory into the regional league.
The boys and girls of torpedo start in the Lower Saxony league, just as the boys the sports club of the Weende.
The SG Lenglern and the torpedo reserve begins in the new local league, in which national league are no Göttinger club more represented.
With the ladies the TTV Geismar in the local league plays, torpedo second in the national league.
Which by the composition looks like a better district class, now new highest regional division is south.
Here TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, torpedo III, steps Geismar, installation-hits a corner, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, the FC Weser and that on TTC.
In the district league Dransfeld and the sports club Weende allude, in the district class that TTC II, red Weis, the Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III. the highest regional division of the ladies begin at least in desired strength as regional representatives.
Güntersen, that TTC and the TTV Geismar II are here also from the portion.
In the district league accumulate torpedo III and Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen start.
With ever nine crews
The sports club Weende sends its girls into the small district league.
Also the district league relay of the SCW boys - there still torpedo II starts - is not complete.
In a district class Geismar, Tuspo Weende and the Bovender SV go into the season.
In the first season of the again-created region federation the two Göttinger eighth divisions with nine crews each start.
In the west relay red Weis the II, Bovender SV III, leaves oh II, are torpedo IV and V, MTV Grone, Dransfelder sports club II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the east relay play among other things Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen.
Lady eighth division consists of Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and the SG Rhume.
That is still better than in the circle Easter ode, where there are no more lady teams on area level.
Remarkably that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen reaches desired strength, here the innovative and bustling district executive will have itself to make already thoughts.
NATO summit: First protests in new haven and Cardiff
On the weekend there were protests of opponents of the NATO summit in new haven.
On Saturday hundreds in the center from new haven met to a anti NATO march.
On Sunday about 150 humans in Cardiff before the local town hall met, in order to hold a so-called Gegengipfel.
Stephen Fairclough pursued and with demonstrators spoke the developments for us on the weekend, who traveled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenager from the Blue Mountains gone on a trip
TWO youth shrub ramblers were brought with the rope hoist in security, after they were imprisoned the night over in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year old girl and the 19-year old man applied shortly after Sunday noon in Govetts Leap in Blackheath to their tour.
Procured used called around approximately 20 o'clock the police, when the two had not home returned.
A search party from local police and emergency services fallow up and the pair was found around approximately 23 o'clock in the proximity of the Bridal Veil water falls.
The girl had injured herself at the knee and the man had fallen and its head open had broken.
Rescue squad remained over night with the pair, and it on Monday tomorrow were gone on a trip.
They were admitted in stable condition with an ambulance into the Blue Mountains hospital.
Oppositional protests in Pakistan escalate
Those approximately 1000 demonstrators were pushed by soldiers from the PTV building, said Minister of Information Pervaiz Rashid.
The transmitter took up the radiant emittance after well a half hour again.
PTV director Athar Farooq said, which would have devices in the editorship with sticks equipped demonstrators damaged.
Dead or injured one were not announced.
The demonstrators demand the resignation of the head of government, to which they accuse electoral fraud.
The police communicated, approximately a kilometer remotely from the residence of the prime minister to Nawaz Sharif it on Monday again to collisions of approximately 3000 demonstrators with safety forces came.
According to information of hospital a policeman was injured.
On the weekend at least three humans had been killed and more than 500 had been injured, than demonstrators tried to penetrate to Sharifs residence.
They demand the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called on Sunday evening after a meeting in army headquarters to a political solution of the conflict to waste “without time and use without force”.
It was called further in the report: “The army remains obligated for its role to ensure the security of the state”.
The escalating force stirred concern up before an intervention of the military, which revolted in the past already more frequently.
The protests stated by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri persist since the independence day on 14 August.
Sharif rejects a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had called their supporters on Sunday to endure.
“We not to decrease, without Sharif to the resignation to have forced”, said Khan.
Qadri expressed itself similarly.
Khan accuses Sharif the parliamentary election in the May of year passed by fraud to have won.
Qadri demands the resignation of the central and of the provincial governments.
Then an interim government is to reform the choice system and proclaim new elections.
More than 40,000 security forces are in the use, in order to protect the area of government administration.
The demonstrators had endured first peacefully before the parliament, until Khan and Qadri called them on the weekend to penetrate to Sharifs residence.
Hütteldorfer after second win of the season at place three of the table.
With the 2:0 over Grödig for rapidly a bitter week on Sunday a conciliatory end took.
“The victory is very liberating”, said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team with from in Europes League on Thursday had reached an interim low.
“The sense of achievement was terribly important”, confirmed Kapitän and Torschütze Steffen Hofmann, who advanced with green Weis at place three.
Schrammel Traumtor brings rapidly on winner route rapidly with the second win of the season the correct reaction to the disappointment against Helsinki showed and goes with a sense of achievement into the international match break.
“We wanted to show a positive reaction”, said counsel for the defense Thomas Schrammel, that with its wonderful guidance Volley of the sixteen-horizontal bar in the 14. Minute the switches set to victory.
“I imagined, I strike whole frustration of Thursday purely and snapped him under the slat”, meant the 26-year old smiling.
As Schrammel to 13. Novmember had met 2010 to the last mark in a Bundesliga portion, still was for Ried.
The first championship hit in the rapidly Dress will therefore remain for it in special memory.
“For me that is somewhat completely special, I am from the rapidly new generation”, said Schrammel.
Due to the short term basin wound of Mario Pavelic Schrammel of the left moved on the right defensive side and made also there its thing very good.
It has enough experience that he can also mirror-wrongly exercise this position.
He earned the gate, afforded, praised he this year already some Assists” Barisic.
Crew points a character Schrammel supplied also the flank to the 2:0 by Hofmann after well one hour, which finally brought the decision.
Because before it quite also the guests could have written down.
“Thank God we had, noticed today something luck” also Schrammel, which alluded thereby to gaping achievement and result in the past weeks: “The results were not correct, but the playful was always good in the comparison to the last year”.
Barisic found even that one had been better “in many plays than today” before - against “the strongest crew, which played in this season in this stadium”.
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July proved from there that the crew structure the setbacks is intact to the defiance: “Today my crew showed that it has a character”.
For it not less pleasing: “That we played finally again to zero”.
Much work during international match break also the circumstance that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger several losses are to be deplored, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl as well as Philipp Schobesberger their first eleven debuts gave, make the victory still more valuable.
“One may not forget that”, reminded Barisic, which lost players in the past three days with Behrendt and Pavelic, “those lately was very stable”.
The international match break must be used from there to add over “wounds to leaking and in the physical range a little”, explained Barisic, who has five U21-Auswahlakteure in its rows.
One, which the break probably particularly suits, is a captain Hofmann.
It tears up for the crew, goes over pain over it.
It showed straight ones in this heavy phase that he is for us a very important player”, stated Barisic.
Hofmann gave Rapids before its replacing to the play in the 68. Minute not only the structure, but obtained also the second gate.
For the 33-year old, its 350. Bundesliga play completed, was it the first hit from the play since 2 November 2013 (4:2 over the Admira).
Hofmann: “Being allowed not to believe the fact that now everything is good” “we has probably also a little luck had but sometime must come the luck also to us back.
Now was it high time”, said Hofmann.
It reminded certainly to concentrated continuing working: “One may do that not always black and knows to see.
We did not play in the last weeks so badly, as that was represented.
In addition, we may not believe that everything is good now.
It could not deny the meaning of its role for the team.
It is nevertheless a very young crew, which I can help for the moment much.
Adhere in certain phases nevertheless to me on”, said Hofmann.
Grödig coach Michael Baur had itself to accuse and its crew little.
It regretted the fast goal against “from the category charm gate”, as well as the regular gate of use in the 40. Minute, which had been denied by arbitrator Kollegger to injustice.
The only reproach, which I can make for the crew am that we were not concrete direction gate in some phases enough.
There we had too few conclusions.
Interior defender Maximilian Karner saw it similarly: “It began directly badly, then we found however pure and even a gate made.
On the whole would more in it have been.
Under this treetop prevails rest
We showed a powerful trunk with our task of mystery of the summer series “my piece of the Rhöner luck” on past Friday.
Several of these tree giants there are still in the district, the shown copy is the “Geißruheiche” above Unterweißenbrunn.
A bumpy footpath leads up to that approximately 600 years old oak.
It goes past at ouples, basalt cairns and basalt stone seas.
A bit underneath the quarry north of the farmer mountain, a kilometer the road after instruction brook, there stands it.
The natural monument looks vital, it exceeds over the other trees of the environment and reminds with an extent from over eight meters to an American sequoia.
A small Buddha on a stump points to the fact that it concerns a spiritual or mystical place.
But despite intensive searches there was only referring to the name origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider consulted specially the Bischofsheimer archives and asked in order to experienced older people from Unterweißenbrunn, which Bewandtnis has it with the Geißruheiche.
The result of its investigations remained the quite sober explanation for the name.
Therefore the goat shepherds their animals from Unterweißenbrunn are to have toilsomely stubbed on those and to have driven from stones released meadows to forwards about 80 years.
At the foot of the tree the animal guardians exhausted by the ascent are to have rested themselves.
In the meantime the range won its meaning back, because on the meadows actually again herds of goat feast.
In addition the range was explained as the core zone of biosphere reserve, cutters continued to find out.
When entering the accumulations of stone one should let caution reign however, because of the sun warmed up basalt is also for cross otters a popular place of residence.
A trail leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, which is appropriate however for something hidden.
Further ways are signposted, the direction Hochrhön climb and to an expanded migration invite.
Where does those stand for castle surrounded by moats?
Castle surrounded by moats, which is looked for with our next task, are to be found rather rare however in the height.
The reflection in the ditch already gives a good impression of the building, but we have some historical buildings in the district, to which building-counter-protect fit could.
Where is our “piece of the Rhöner luck”?
My piece of Rhöner luck
As is the case for earlier series of the Main post office in past years there are prices to win also this year again, if they have the correct solution.
Who photographs even gladly, can likewise join.
Under the email address red.neustadt@mainpost.de can send you to us the solution and also your completely personal “piece of the Rhöner luck” under this keyword.
The most beautiful photos are published.
After tug-of-war lasting for weeks of Italy implemented Prime Minister and acting European Union-chairmen, Matteo Renzi, against strong conservative of resistances on the European Union-Sondergipfel week the nomination of his Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini passed as a boss of the European Union-foreign policy, becomes you successor the Britons Catherine Ashton.
Renzi regarded, like government near daily paper the La Repubblica shows, the appointment of its also Mogherini valid in the government team as favorite as stabilization of the position of the Social Democrats and its own in the European Union.
It expects of it also a lift for its “reform package” in Italy.
Not least Renzi hopes to place thereby also again and again the left party lines rebelling against it calmly because Mogherini is assigned to these - although rather in moderate way -.
Opposite the conservative representatives with commission president Jean-Claude Juncker and Poland Donald Tusk nominated as Council President, so the predominating opinion in Rome, thereby a political reconciliation one manufacture.
Because the chief diplomat of the European Union becomes at the same time substitute of the commission president Juncker.
The still which is pending agreement of the EU Parliament is considered as safe.
Otherwise president Giorgio Napolitano would have called the nomination of the 41jährigen politician of the governing democratic party (PD) probably hardly a “important acknowledgment” of the role of Italy in the European Union.
La Repubblica spreads optimism that for nearly two decades in prominent party offices worked satisfactorily and will grown be it shown for its ambition well-known Mogherini the “enormous challenges”.
The native Roman is married and has two daughters.
Their party career began the political scientist attained a doctorate 1996 in the youth organization of the Democratici at that time di Sinistra (on the left of democrat), who united to 2008 with the catholic central party Margherita to the today's social-democratic PD.
1999 became Mogherini for three years vice-president of the European Community organization OF Socialist Youth (European young socialists).
With the choice 2001 into the party advice of on the left of democrats it entered into the high party politics, worked in the department of foreign policy, whose chief became it soon.
It occupied traditional emphasis of Italian foreign policy like the Near East, became known by studies to the NATO employment in Afghanistan, in which Italy with a troop contingent is involved, maintained the contacts to the Social Democrats in Europe and to the democrats in the USA.
Since 2008 it is member of the chamber of deputies, in which it is Expertin for defense and European and international affairs.
When Renzi became in February 2014 a Prime Minister, he appointed Mogherini as his Foreign Minister.
If the PD has today better relationship to the strong peace movement in the country, which contributed to over 40 percent the voices of the party with the European Union-elections in May, then, as in PD-circles is noted, Federica Mogherini had a portion of it.
The reproaching in Brussels, the new European Union-Außenbeauftragte too little diplomatic experience has, is missing it at substance, in the PD is thus countered.
In Brussels, particularly by Poland and the Baltic members, distrustfully realistic accents Mogherinis are pursued to the crisis in Ukraine and defamed as “Russia-friendly course”.
She endorses the pipeline South Stream operated by the Russian company Gasprom, over whom Russian natural gas is to be transported by avoidance Ukraine directly to south Europe, which serves also the securing of energy of Italy.
After Renzi had begun its term of office in July as a European Union-chairman, Mogherini traveled to its first state visit to Moscow.
Photos, which showed it with Putin with Shake hands, were taken up to Brussels with indignation, likewise that it invited the head of the Kremlin for Octobers to a citizen of Milan economic summit.
Altogether nine young people began their training with emz Hanauer in Nabburg on Monday.
Among them is an apprentice, who already before concluded another training in the enterprise.
In four teaching professions the new employees are in the future active: Electronics engineer (three training), Mechatroniker (two), tool mechanic (two) and process mechanic (two).
All apprentices come from the district Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl out blackoh, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from new castle before the forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd as well as Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new training visited before main and/or middle schools and six-form high schools.
From Wednesday to Friday the training of all classes as well as the trainers drive as a team education event to Oberammergau, where among other things a complete daily migration and a Rafting stand on the Inn on the program.
The enterprise counts in all over Germany 435 and world-wide 950 employees.
The number of the training distributed over all classes amounts to 27.
The socialists in France should hold and France in order bring “the mouth,” said the most important allied one of Francois Hollande.
Mr. Valls called the deeply split left one to show “their love” for the disputed socialist president whose cabinet reorganization is discovered disapproval with the large majority of the Frenchmen.
The president earned everyone respect, it earns our loyalty, it earns our support.
“It is our obligation to remain at its side” said it with large applause.
As appeasing gesture the prime minister insisted on the fact that its government the controversy 35-hour workweek in France despite violent demands for a loosening of the regulation on the part of Emmanuel Macrons, who will question new minister of economics, not.
On Saturday Mr. Hollande had called his Mitsozialisten urgently to appear “united” with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, which strewed Minister of Justice, sand in the transmission, in which it arose with a meeting of disloyal socialist delegates and whom Socialist Party for it criticized that it takes the Frenchmen “the faith in their future”.
Marine Le Pen, which lampooned and said the constant trench combats of the socialists far right guide of the national front, that she could not imagine that the new Valls government will hold on longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without dresses, but prince Manuel Valls has also none, her is compelling to educate a new government if the old did not survive times one summer.
“And the new will not likewise survive the autumn or winter,” said Ms Le Pen opposite supporters.
It repeated the call of its party after a dissolution of the parliament and said, she was confident to come out with early elections as winners and was ready for the government.
The governing party of France suffered a defeat with the local elections in March and the national front oriented towards the right lay with the European Union-elections in May in front.
A survey in the Sunday newspaper journal you Dimanche showed that 76 percent of the Frenchmen of the opinion are that the Socialist Party is exposed to the danger, before the end of the term of office of Hollande 2017 into several rival factions to disintegrate.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at Sciences Po university, warned of the fact that fast the patience would lose the Frenchmen, if the new socialist government does not obtain improvement of the economy and the record unemployment figures.
“There is a small window for possibilities, but the public opinion must feel fast that the things change,” warned he.
Otherwise the situation can worsen further.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before a deal with prestige a Cruises of 3 billion $
Norwegian Cruise LINE holdings Ltd. NCHL.O, the third biggest cross driving provider of the world, leads advanced negotiations according to connoisseurs of the industry to the acquisition of the competitor prestige Cruises internationally Inc. for approximately 3 billion $.
A deal would give Norwegian Cruise, to an enterprise with a market value of 6.8 billion $, entrance to the luxury cruise ships of prestige Cruises as well as to its wealthy customers, during it with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) in the competition stands.
An agreement could be announced already this week, said the sources on Sunday and warned that the discussions could end in addition, without result.
The owner of prestige Cruises, the private Equity society Apollo Global management LLC (APO.N) possesses also a portion of 20 percent of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to be able to remain anonymous since the negotiations were not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and prestige Cruises did not answer to requests for comments, while a spokesman for Apollo rejected a comment.
In Miami resident enterprises Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its incomes were 2013 with 2.57 billion $, a rise of 13 percent compared with 2012.
Prestige Cruises, likewise settled in Miami, acts under the label names Oceania and regent, which together eight cross driving ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, which Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America operate.
It announced incomes for 2013 of 1.2 billion $, a rise of 6 percent in the comparison to the previous year.
The cruise industry is appropriate altogether with approximately 29 billion $ and in the next years for it due to the stabilization of the middle class in developing countries such as China and India is expected.
The enterprises try to position for these new customers as the best choice with the cruise providers.
Prestige Cruises requested the initial public offering with the US-regulatory authorities in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder with the enterprise since 850 million a $ deal 2007.
Norwegian Cruise resulted in its present form in the year 2000 from a fusion with a cruise provider in the possession of Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and a casino conglomerate under control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested 2008 1 billion $ in Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went in January 2013 to the stock exchange.
Genting held at the end of June according to admission authorities for 28 percent of the portions, Apollo 20 percent of the portions and the private Equity society TPG Capital LP a portion of 8 percent of the enterprise.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise order together according to that of the original request documents for the initial public offering of prestige Cruises over 82 percent of the passenger capacities with American cruise ships.
Pro-Hongkong-Aktivisten condemn China on the day after the choice decision.
A Peking-faithful group moved the Chinese flag into the proximity.
The standing committee of the national congress of people passed a basic law, which permits only two or three candidates for the guidance choice in Hong Kong in the year 2017 on Sunday.
All candidates must obtain first the majority support of a nomination committee, which is occupied with Peking-faithful members presumably.
By this decision will it for oppositional democrat nearly not possibly to paralyze to become certified the choice and arranged Pro-Demokratie-Aktivisten to carry out their threat and with “Occupy cent ral” - protests the financial centre Hong Kong.
Political reforms are for a long time a disputed topic in Hong Kong; and the party leadership of China fears that the calls expand after democracy on other cities.
After the publication Beijings of a White Paper, in which in June the supremacy of China over Hong Kong was stated, held Demokratieaktivisten an unofficial referendum to the choice procedure in the special administrative region, with the hundred thousands into the business district the city marched and a sit-in organized there.
Lis questioning is organized by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese connecting office in Hong Kong.
The deputy chairman of the right commission of the standing committee, Zhang Rongshun as well as the vice-director of the office for affairs of Hong Kong and Macau of the Council of State, Feng Wei, should be asked in the process of the day.
Student activists announced to meet in the afternoon before the office of the top management in Hong Kong.
Great Britain did not plan any democratic elements up to the final phase of the 150-year old colonial government in Hong Kong.
Putin requires the admission of “statehood discussions” of Kiev with east Ukraine
Russian president Wladimir Putin required Russian media reports according to on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stops and directly with negotiations to the “statehood” of the disloyal region takes up the fights against the separatists in the east of the country.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskow got straight later that Putin had not meant with it that the area standing under control of the separatists becomes east Ukraine a part of Russia, but that its status must be redefined opposite Ukraine, in order to give to the Russian-speeking region power for the agency of his rights and interests.
Of Putin call to the Kiev government to negotiations on eye level with the per-Russian insurgent ones fits however the strategy apparently pursued by him since beginning of the excesses five months ago: Help for the separatists when taking areas and pressure on the Ukrainian government, in order to make for the again proclaimed region possible Novorossija actual independence for an alliance with Russia instead of with the west.
In an interview with the national television station channel unity condemned Putin the Ukrainian military campaign to the recapture of the areas in the eastern regions Donezk and Luhansk, thought of separatists, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow the Ukrainian peninsula Crimea to 18. March had annexed.
The Kremlin and the separatists called lately the taken area “Novorossija” or “new Russia”, a term, which reminds of the pre-revolutionary gloss time of the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all those, which attack in the course of the campaigns of Ukrainian politicians for the elections on 26 October and during government groups civilian communities in the areas thought of separatists for imminent peace talks hope “in their illusions” are imprisoned reported Itar Tass.
“We must take up immediately detailed discussions, not only to technical questions, but also for the political organization of the society and the state status of southeast Ukraine, in order to protect the interests of there living humans,” said it.
Peskow said the fact that of Putin reference to the statehood in the context with the larger autonomy had to be seen, which is discussed for months by the Kiev guidance, in order to scatter fears in Russian-speeking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights is endangered.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern areas, said Peskow.
Here not Ukraine and Russia goes, said Peskow, “because it not around a conflict between Russia around negotiations between and Ukraine goes, but around an internal conflict in Ukraine.”
The clarification of the Kremlin spokesman for the correction of the “misinterpretation” of Putin remarks underlined the claim to leadership of Russia while handling the separatist rebellion in the east contrary to the direct Annektion the Crimea, on which the majority of the 2 million inhabitant ethnic Russians are.
Moscow would have far larger difficulties to annex the regions Donezk and Luhansk in east Ukraine since most of the 6.5 million inhabitant are not Russians and surveys showed a broad majority for the whereabouts in Ukraine from the time before the conflict.
The autonomy, which was responded by Russian diplomats to international forums, would give to the regional governments in Ukraine authority to negotiate own trade agreements and external relations and so the Kremlin de facto control of an area to give, which connects the Russian national territory with Crimea.
Five months ago the annexed peninsula in the black sea is the home port for the majority of the Russian navy as well as an important commercial port and a historical coastal region.
The regions between the Rostov area in Russia and Crimea is beyond that rich at mines, factories and foundries, which manufacture important components for the Russian military.
Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko suggested with his speech to the inauguration on 7 June that the Ukrainian legislation - after new elections - was to consider additives for condition, with which the respective areas larger control of their finances and the status of the languages is granted.
But its conception of autonomy seems to stand for their armament and goading Moscow on in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, is accused.
Of Putin last request of Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders after eye level followed after a further penetration of the rebels in the past week, after Russian troops and tank penetrated over the before peaceful region along the Asow sea into east Ukraine.
The separatists supported by Russia transferred in the coup, which is according to fears of Ukrainian police officers the first step of a campaign for the assumption of the strategic coastal region up to Crimea, control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason substantial civilian and military preparations started, in order to fasten Mariupol, a steel industry port with 500.000 inhabitants, which lies between Nowoasowsk and the narrow entrance to the peninsula Crimea.
Poroshenko spoke a former Soviet republic, which is independent for 23 years on Saturday with a meeting of the European Union-guidance in Brussels and asked urgently for acts, in order to prevent a further Russian aggression against Ukraine.
“We stand shortly before one point, at which it gives no back more,” warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of strange troops and hundreds strange tank are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit did not decide concrete actions, the guidance required the draft of further sanctions against Russia, which are to go in effect with a unspezifizierten escalation of the Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw themselves from their positions into Ilowajsk, after two Russian tank columns and 1,000 soldiers penetrated in order besieged last week into the Donezkregion, separatists to support, said Colonels Andrij Lysenko, Sprecher of the Ukrainian national safety and defence council reports on Saturday in Kiev.
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who were included by the Russian idea in Ilowajsk, exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers, who had been imprisoned taken one week ago in Ukrainian area, communicated Lysenko on Sunday.
Naked photo scandal around Australian celebs and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten did not make no secret around his annoyance over hackers, whom probably naked pictures of its engaged Gabi Grecko and a Who stole is from Who of the A-celebs from Hollywood.
The film city is in excitement, after a series of clear photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a Hackingskandal around celebs on the Internet emerged.
For it the responsible person hacker probably has 60 naked photos of Lawrence, star from “the tributes of Panem” and of superstars, under it the models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle as well as the actress Kirsten Dunst.
By the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, and Grecko from Melbourne became allegedly also private photos due to a iCloud gap publicly.
On the list 101 celebs stand.
Noblest ones, which had gotten engaged last month with Grecko, said opposite Confidential: “It is disgustingly.”
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a dishonor that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, at present in New York, said according to Berichten a news web page that chop was “infamous” and that the concerning felt “injured”.
The hacker has probably 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, under it two photographs, in which it lies above without in a pool.
To the film works Palmers belong to “love are invincibly” with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck star Strahovski and the actress Browning from Sucker Punch were not available yesterday for comments to the chopped pictures.
A representative Lawrence' said opposite TMZ: “It is a horrible injury of the privacy.”
Actor Seth Rogen condemned the hacker in his Tweet: “Chopped pictures from a mobile phone to post is nothing different than the sale of Hehlerware.”
Purely legally seen that should not be tolerated more widespread ones of stolen pictures.
Radler, joggers and ramblers participated yesterday when 8th cycling on large Feldberg and thereby the club “assistance for cancer-ill children” supported.
The tour, which was for the torture, represented an easy training for the others.
In one were itself however all united: It has joke made.
Thomas Studanski might have slept past night well.
Because in its life the boss of the Oberurseler of brewing house drove yesterday for the first time with the wheel on Feldberg.
For the good purpose.
It can get over the small muscular strain there easily, particularly it the participation in 8th cycling on large Feldberg in favor of the club “assistance for cancer-ill children” (Frankfurt) also personally a valuable realization brought.
A great thing.
“I know now that I can do that - great!”
Small short break on the way in the applause curve?
No, if I had stopped, it would be out been…
As many tormented themselves Thomas Studanski, who sits for the CDU in the Oberurseler city council, the 718 participants yesterday in the early rope to mountains and arrived the exhaustion close, but happy on the plateau.
Others it fell more easily to overcome well the eleven kilometers long distance between high Marks and Feldberg.
Norman Dießner for example.
The Green Party politician from the district assembly - red Dress, red Bike -, arising completely in red, made some more at the start on understatement (“a lot of professionals, there is arriving the goal! ”) proved, then however at the mountain nevertheless as a half professional and went after 45 minutes without difficulty in breathing through the goal.
Also it drove through the distance in a slide, like also Nina Kuhn, press spokeswoman of the city Oberursel, which had made itself common with Frank Grüneisen on the way.
For the two triathletes “Feldberg cycling” was not necessarily a sporty challenge: “Here it concerns Charity, there participates we gladly also - an exit we would today have made” anyway, so for Kuhn.
On the way they had met Paul Wenzel from upper tire mountain.
The boy (12) had gone down in the morning after Oberursel, in order to pedal immediately thereafter the height.
Frankfurt Florian Zierz had swung in the morning at 9 o'clock at home into the saddle, “made” Feldberg two times, in order then with joke home to roll.
Joke had also “frit tonuses”.
For the boss of the Oberurseler of cult kiosk belong to bicycle tours over Feldberg simply.
It had focused 40 minutes with its 6,5-Kilo-Rennrad.
A crazy event.
For this purpose - there I am gladly thereby”, meant Andreas Balzke.
The through-trained Mainz says of itself that it is a “ambitious Rennradler”.
That it must also be, because it was with the “Fixie wheel” on the way, that is also racing cycles, but without circuit…
The fact that it went loosely upward also without wheel proved not only the 20 ramblers, who over the white wall and the fox dance rose up to the summit, but also a jogger, who pulled a motor-car tire with weights at a cord behind itself.
Mountain rescue team physician professor Volker Lischke, who ensured equipped with its team, with Allrad Bully and Quad, for security, said: “” I know from Frankfurt, trained for special carriage trail, only that he pulls the carriage stop”. The man is thus to a certain extent its own carriage dog.
The 718 participants - and thus so many like never - had been sent in the morning in groups on the distance.
The ramblers first at 9.30 o'clock.
The first cyclists and runner followed at 10 o'clock.
Five minutes later started the first mountain bikers.
Bent Hansen, chairman of the club “cycling on large Feldberg”, gave the starting commands and wished to the participants a beautiful trip.
For next year hope he that succeeds closing the distance up to Feldberg for the security of the participants.
