The prime ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India of new prime ministers Narendra modes Shinzo Abe in Toko encounters in its first important foreign visit since its election victory in May its Japanese office colleagues in order to discuss economic and security policy relations.
Mr. modes is on a fünftägigen trip to Japan in order to consolidate the economic relations with the third largest economy nation of the world.
Plans for a stronger kernel technical collaboration stand very above on the order of the day.
According to reports India hopes in addition for a contract to the defense collaboration between both nations.
Police of Karratha arrests 20-year-old after fast motorcycle hunt
A motorcycle was seized after the driver had gone it with 125 km/h in a 70 km/h-zone and through shrub country in order to escaped the police in Bilbara.
Traffic policemen in Karratha of tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after they had observed it at the same time, how it left a gas station with 125 km/h on the Bathdate Road.
The police reports that the driver went the stop signals then ignored and further on the castle meal Road, before he turned into the shrub country, where the officials lost it out of the eyes.
The motorcycle as well as a person, that of the description of the driver corresponded were seen later in a house in the Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
The police of Karratha accuses a 20-year-old man of the non-observance of a stop signal as well as ruthless going.
It should appear on the 23rd of September before the district court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was guaranteed and was seized for three months.
George Webster because of hotel rapes in Naim and Pitlochry accused
A man stands because of the rape of women in two hotels before court.
The accusation George Webster, 28, was misread in a hearing of the colonel court in Glasgow.
It is accused to have raped on the 7th of June 2013 a woman in the Scotland's it hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire.
The accusation reads that Webster was it attack, while it "unconscious, slept and no agreement could" signal.
Webster is reproached in addition to have raped on the 4th of May 2014 a second woman in the gulf View hotel in Naim in the Scottish highland.
Judge lady Rae set the negotiation appointment for the 17th of November on the colonel court in Edinburgh.
Return to the very American ideally the labor laws as human rights
The congresswomen Keith Ellison and John Lewis brought in a legal proposal in order to establish the organization of labor unions as a civil right.
Die "so like labor unions, die also the middle class jobs," said Ellison, a democrat out of Minnesota and deputy chairperson of the progressive Caucus in the congress.
Therefore I introduce proudly jointly the colleague authorization law with the civil right icon John Lewis.
This pioneering law gives workers the same legal possibilities in discrimination because of the organization of labor unions such as in other forms of the discrimination - and stops so antigewerkschaftlich adjusted powers.
The supplement of the national labor law law in order to create a possibility for a discrimination exposed workers to the organization of a labor union representation, to complain around before a civil court around justice - and around compensation or fine to received - a meaningful and necessary initiative is.
But it is with security no radical initiative - in any case not after American standard.
The best type and manner to the understanding is actual its, what Ellison, Lewis and the further sponsors of its bill propose, the connection back to a very American idea.
In spite of the setbacks, which the labor unions in the past years stopped were - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other countries in the entire country - have American once countries in the world in addition encourages to acknowledge, to expand and to keep labor law.
There was a time, at which millions of Americans yet remember, when this country named democracy, speech freedom, press freedom and the union right in a breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after the second world war, encouraged general Douglas Mac Arthur and its rod the country in addition to dismiss a constitution, that should guarantee, that the militarized autocracy Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full consciousness its that the workers and its labor unions took in in the creation of a new Japan a roll, used it a language that explicitly acknowledged, that "the rights of the workers are" on union and joint negotiating and actions guaranteed.
When the United States occupy after the second world war Germany, Dwight David Eisenhower pressed general and be rod the Germans to write a constitution, that would provide, that the fascism of Adolf Hitler would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would have to organize themselves, and should raise its voice in the new nation, inserted the Germans a clause, that explicitly stated: "The right to establish unions, in order to secure and to improve the works and economic conditions is guaranteed every single and every occupation or business.
Agreements, that restrict this right or aim on that, to lessen it are are null and void; on that aiming measures illegal.
When the earlier First lady Eleanor Roosevelt possessed the chair over the international human right commission, of which the general explanation of the human rights was sketched, how she was received 1948 by the United Nations than a worldwide agreement, Roosevelt and the other authors inserted a guarantee that "every is right the to form labor unions to the protection of its interests or to join" them.
Since generations, Americans accept the reason premise that labor laws of human right are.
When this country advised other countries at the same time, how one could form civil and democratic societies, declared American that the right would have to be protected on the foundation of a labor union - and on that, that this labor union then at collective negotiations as an equivalent partner with business and government places participate might -.
After these rights in America under gunfire ridden is it actually very would show to bring to the attention of itself the American ideally again, consequently the working population the right have must to unite itself and to get in a free and open company ear.
How pastor Martin Luther King Jr. fifty years ago said:
The story is a magnificent teacher.
Now everyone knows that the worker movement did not restrict the strength of the nation, but rather enlarged it.
Through the raising of the standard of living of millions people work created in wonderful manner a market for the industry and raised the entire nation on unimaginable production levels.
That that attack the work forget these simple truths, but the story preserves it.
The story remembers, and we should do that also.
The formal recognition of the labor laws as human rights - and the expansion of the protection of the civil rights as a protection against discrimination in the creation of employee representations - is a long time overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideal that largely made America in the past and redeemed the promise of democracy.
Judge stops temporarily law that all abortion clinics in Louisiana to the closing could force
A US federal judge stopped on Sunday provisionally the conversion of a law in Louisiana of which lawyers say, that it would have led probably to the closing of all five abortion clinics of the country.
This measure, that by Bobby Jindal, governor of Louisiana, in June to the law raised became and step should on the 1st Sep effective, would become physicians, that carry out abortion, in addition force to acquire a patient reception right in a hospital within a radius of 30 miles around its practice.
The decision of the judge means however that the physicians can carry out provisionally further legal abortion, while they apply for such a right.
"The complainants can continue work on law in conformity while they strive for the acquisition of these rights," wrote federal judge John deGravelles in its judgment.
Within a month, a hearing is prepared for the judge in order to induce a more durable decision for the law.
Abortion advocate of welcomed the decision, that youngest in a row of judgments against similar measures said and, that physicians would win so more time in order to attain hospital introduction rights.
"The current decision means that the women in Louisiana escape an insidious law, that wants to take them its health and its rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chairperson of the center for reproduction rights, that had complained in the name of three of the five clinics of the country, in order to delay the law.
It was not directly clearly whether the judgment extended also on the physicians out of the two clinics, that had not joined the complaint and had applied for also introduction rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 countries that similar laws released, whereby courts declared recently such measures in Alabama and Mississippi to be not constitution appropriate for.
Key places of a law in Texas, that that of the clinics remaining in the country would have forced to the closing, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion advocate and the American College of Ostretricians and Gynecologists as well as the American Medical Association say concurring that introduction rights demand restrictions unnecessary by physicians.
Abortion opponents hold that toward that the measures serve the protection of the health of the women, although some welcomed also the effects of a closing of clinics.
Only a physician, who in Louisiana abortion carries out, controlled patient one manner rights, divided the center for reproduction rights with.
If all remaining physicians in the country are forced in addition, to carry out no more abortion, this physician would carry out the operation out of anxiety around its security no longer, said the group.
In its argumentation against the judgment, representatives of the country Louisiana said that it no physicians would punish because of the execution of abortion, while its proposals would be yet pending on Patienteneinweiserechte.
Delayed diagnoses and lacking access to the best treatment possibilities lead to higher death rates through ovarian cancer in rural zones.
Angelina Jolie and its brother James placed a Videohommage for its mother Online, died that 2007 at ovarian cancer.
For women in the rural zones of Australia, a higher risk exists to die at ovarian cancer, than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed placed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians, with whom 2005 ovarian cancers was assessed, and firmly that solely 25 percent five were year after the diagnosis yet alive.
The research leader Susan Jordan of the QIMR mountain yard of Medical Research institutes said, more highly lay that for that, that lived in rural and remote regions of the country, the mortality risk during the study around 20 percent than for that in metropolitan areas.
SMALL STUDY: New medicines could slow down lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers examined the medical provision of the women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman in the diagnosis, the type of the ovarian cancer, existing before diseases as well as the social and economic status also the chances of survival of influenced.
For older women and that, whose cancer to the diagnosis moment had advanced already further, the survival rate lay lowest.
For that, that lived in rural and remote regions of the country, the mortality risk lay during the study around 20 percent more highly than for that in metropolitan areas.
Although the study did not examine, why outside of the city living women with higher probability died at ovarian cancer, assumed Dr. Jordan a belated diagnosis and the lacking access to the best treatment centers as possible factors for that.
"This illness is treated best of gynecological oncologist, and these are to be found usually in larger cities," said it.
In spite of the improvement of the telemedizinischen services in order to oppose the distances somewhat, proposed it as a possible remedy a strengthening of the service of flown in physicians in order to give specialists the possibility, to furnish women poet at its place of residence, as well as treatment programs for people outside of its region.
Dr. Jordan said that the study yielded independent of the geographic status a bad long-term survival rate with women in the ovarian cancer and unterstrich the need for of better treatment and provision strategies.
The study financed by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer is published today in the Medical journal of Australia.
Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years of the gold coast learned in March 2013 that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centers regret sinking home owner numbers
The decline together with a reinforced sinking of the amount of the home owner under 35 years could lead in addition, tenth cable would send lose that garden centers pound per year if the current young consumers reports after a study of the HTA, how in the Financial Times, that "kernel reach age group for garden products".
The report purports that tenants on the average 55 issue percent of the sum, that people with home issue for its garden.
The climb of people, that in highly urbanisierten areas live without gardens, the popular procedure to pave before gardens to park purposes and the sinking garden size further factors that threaten the industry are, in that, 5 billions appreciated transferred become£annually in the sale.
In the greater London area, in which over a period of 6 years of the shares in homeowner of 61 fell to 43 percent, the slightest editions are announced for garden products per household.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society of wise on that there that living to the rent or small gardens cannot mean, that the people can pull no plants.
Guy beards, boss garden adviser for the RHS said: "Container gardeners is chosen for example with tenants very because they can" bring its plants in a move.
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the garden retail trade based on increasing homeowner numbers and economic prosperity from the late 1980's to the middle of the '90's.
It predicted for this year moreover an improved market situation because of the better weather after unfriendly weather conditions in March and April of last year.
The protest movement cited by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the spiritual Tahirul Qadri in Pakistan goes on.
In the capital Islamabad approximately 1000 demonstrators stormed the national television station PTV.
Information minister Pervaiz Rashid said, soldiers would have been able to press the Protestierer however again out of PTV building.
The transmitter adjusted its business for approximately 40 minutes, sends in the meantime however again.
To arrive simultaneously tried approximately 3000 demonstrator, at the residence of prime minister Nawaz Sharif.
Round a kilometer removes delivered therefrom it itself with canes and stones equipped collisions with security forces.
The police used tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded Sharifs resignation, this leans that however off.
The army of the country warns meanwhile to a political solution of the conflict, "without time to waste and without force to use".
After a session in the headquarters on Sunday evening the military announced: "The army remains obligates its roll to guarantee" the security of the country.
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already frequent geputscht.
The opposition politician Imran Khan reproaches premier Sharif to have deceived past year in the parliament choice in May.
The protests were escalated at the weekend after Khan and Qadri its followers had called in addition to advance to Sharifs residence.
At the same time three people had been killed.
US diplomat orders Turkey because of espionage report on
The Turkish foreign ministry ordered on the most senior US diplomat of the country to information of a report on American and British espionage in Turkey.
Vice prime minister Bülent said that the business carrier of the US message and Turkish official had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine of the mirrors as well as the Online magazine The Intercept reported that that show of the earlier US analyst of the national security agency, Edward Snowden,, that Turkey was a head activity zone for the US American and British secret services.
According to Turkish news agency, the Turkish Präsident Recep Tayyip Erdogan deemphasized the importance of the report and said that all important countries mutually spied out themselves.
An earlier report that also the most important secret service of Germany Ankara in the visor had, provided annoyed for clearly reactions of the Turkish government.
Warning strike: Engineers threaten with consequences for commuter
The warning strike nationwide of the engineers on Monday evening could impair also the passenger service in NRW.
The walkout announced for 18 to 21 clocks concerns nationwide all traffic companies, also that far, regionally and S-train-traffic
The head direction of the warning strike is the goods traffic.
Photo: A. Burgi/archive
The district chairperson of the labor union said German Lokomotivführer (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Dusseldorf.
We reckon with considerable precipitating.
There are not regional focal points.
Let the head direction of the warning strike be the goods traffic.
The Germans train in NRW announced to do all, in order to hold the effects if possible slightly.
The GDL had not said however where it wanted strike, so that it would be heavy to anticipate the consequences concretely.
Police boss of Magaluf of the corruption accused
The plaintiffs produced on Friday the office of the district attorney of Majorca proofs of extortions through policemen and employee of the city Calvià.
The boss of the police of Calvià on the vacation island Majorca became would be anxious arrested after corruption accusations of businessmen and bar owners in the notorious-inside King-Hotspot Magaluf.
Head commissioner José Antonio Navarro became after corruption accusations against it of several businessmen out of Punta Ballena, that street taken, in which most bars and nightclubs of Magaluf lie, in detention.
According to the Online daily newspapers Majorca slide Rio the plaintiffs produced the office of the district attorney for corruption fight Mallorcas on Friday proofs of extortions through policemen and employee of the city Calvià.
Two further place policemen were arrested of the Spanish Guardia Civil in connection with the corruption accusations and are questioned jointly with Navarro of a judge.
The national Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that the annoyed night club owners stated, the nepotism of the authorities would have serious effects on its businesses.
"It concerns no longer the Geldverdienen, it concerns the survival," said one of the businessmen to the court.
Our basis of life lets out of the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made in this summer based on a viral YouTube video international headline, in which a 18jähriger of British tourist was shown, that at 24 men during a drink tour fellatio performed.
The island authorities tried since then to stop the illegal behavior of inebriated vacationers in Magaluf in that the amount of the participants was minimized in the notorious alcohol soaked tavern tours.
The Playhouse club in which the fellatio occurrence took place was forced for a year to the closing while Playhouse and the tavern tour organizer must pay Carnage jointly a punishment of 55,000€ (73,000 $).
The tourist places Magaluf, that is chosen above all in young British vacationers, is jump also for some accidents under alcohol influence well known, under that also the trend of the "Balconing", in humans of a balcony to the other or of a balcony into the hotel pool.
The spring day first with wet and stormy weather conditions impairs flights of the airport Adelaide
The SPRING gave south Australia a wintry surprise, with violent shower and strong wind, that impaired flights of the airport Adelaide out of.
In the evening until 21 o'clock, further 5mm rains fell on the city, after 6,6mm, that had descended already in the early hours of Sunday.
The last precipitation was the result of a row of shorter, stormy shower, including a shower, that began shortly before 20 o'clock and provided for almost 4mm precipitation in about 10 minutes.
After the winter had provided last week spring for an early dose, the temperatures in the city fell on Monday again on a maximum value of only 15,8° C.
The böigen weather conditions led probably airline from Melbourne to Adelaide to the belated landing of a flight of Virgin.
The airplane should have landed shortly after 19.30 clock, was encountered however of some scissors wind - a sudden variation of the wind speed or -direction over a short distance - and had to start through.
Gusts reached at this time about 50 km/h on the ground on the airport Adelaide.
The flight data showed that the airplane had to start through also in a second country approach and mounted in the end by approximately 20.40 clock.
The flight delay led in the consequence to the delay of some of other flights, including an emirate flight from Dubai and a Quantas flight from Sydney.
For Adelaide, a high temperature of 16°C is predicted on Tuesday, with possible shower.
Matthies means: Highest time for large networking
In view of the galloping technical progress, that threatens to change our comfortable home in High-Tech-control centers, our columnist Bernd Matthies with some extremely trusted electronic accessories comforts himself.
While I write that here, my view falls of the self-coiling cable, that connects the listener with the telephone, and I think: Is Boah, like retro that then?
But behind it a consideration sticks: If the cable were not, all listeners would fly around here in shortest time abandoned in the house, and that would be yet significantly more retro.
Does anyway count yes on the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typing error: electronic) sector the rule that the world novelty of today the electro scrap of tomorrow is, bought - becomes obsolete.
And who for example today another tube television in the living room has, says that therewith solely that it basically rejects television.
Why these considerations?
Because the crowding of the Ifa brings to the attention of us at the radio tower in this week again our absolute incompetence in questions of the electronics.
The layman, that blindly controlled early washing machine and CD player, grasps today not once the purpose of the devices, that are spread with inconceivable vain expert language before it: "Connected home, Wearables, Health Care and urbanly technologies" promises us the press place.
Is yes, it going yet?
About what should one speak with people, who spread evidently voluntarily such curds?
In the reason, it has gone yes for about 20 years above all therefore that we should network please our house.
So that the yogurt itself reorders itself, so that the Brandmelder in the vacation announces us on the Malediven, that it burns degree in the work room.
It and were not wonderful if we of the office out of the air-conditioning on our early arrival...?
Yes, that prefaces to be sure an air-conditioning.
But a dream becomes very certainly soon true: We lift our watch, say its loud "sucking!" - And at home the dust aug robot departs.
Crazy.
Everything runs out on nothing slighter than a revolution: "The boundaries between white and brown good blur", whispers an industry connoisseur, one the washing machine can connect with some headphones, sends shows that steam cooked the weather report and the data glasses on how long yet needs the pizza in the oven, what utilizes however nothing, because we stand in the obstruction.
Out of the daily practice, we know moreover: If a new-fangled device is needed once really urgently, the rechargeable battery is guaranteed empty.
What a further reason is that the self-coiling cable will survive at the telephone also the next radio shows.
Israeli children return after the war in Gaza into its schools
Cable transmitters of Israeli children out of the zones in the vicinity of the Gazastreifens returned on Monday into the schools after they had spent the summer in air protection room, while rocket gunfire and mortar gunfire descended on its communities during the 50-tägigen of war between Israel and the Hamas and remained closed the schools in Gaza while the zone of the fights recovered.
The school start brought the communities drawn by Raketeneinschusslöchern in the south of Israel a feeling of joy and expectation, but the signs of the battles are yet fresh.
In the southern city Ashdod, colleagues of the "Pashosh" removed from -kindergarten that was encountered by a rocket, before the arrival of the students of garnet gravel the walls and push walls.
"We have a little anxiety, but are excited," said Ronit beard, resident in the Kibbutz Saad and English teacher there.
Many children out of our area need urgently the return to a routine.
Your 11-year-old daughter Shani beard said, it would feel "a little strangely" on to go suddenly again into the school.
"Those were difficult times, and we did not go at all out of the house," said it.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the Kibbutz near the boundary to Gaza in order to offer its support.
Until an armistice the war last week interrupted remained thousand of inhabitants the boundary communities such as Saad in its houses or left removes its houses, around into more certain areas further to pull of Gaza and to escape the rocket fire and mortar fire.
Many inhabitants of Nahal Oz, a community in the vicinity of the boundary to Gaza, in which a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar garnet, hesitate yet with the return.
The development ministry announced, about a dozen of families would not be returned yet.
Your children were accommodated provisionally in other schools.
Prime minister Benjamin Netanjahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town to Gaza that is drawn heavily by the Palestinian gunfire.
It appealed at the children, to learn much and said will provide "we that its knowledge acquires and offer you security".
Israel and Hamas agreed at the past Tuesday on an unbefristeteten armistice.
The weapon quiet provided for an immediate end of the battles; important problems remain however unsolved, like the demand of the Hamas after a lifting of the Israeli Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air harbors and lake harbors in Gaza.
Israel demands a disarmament of the Hamas and the delivery of the corpses of soldier killed Israeli two in the fights.
A new round of indirect conversations will begin presumably yet in this month in Egypt.
In the war, more were killed than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters therefrom civilians, and at least 494 children after estimations of the Palestinian and the UN.
Israel challenges these statements and appreciates that it concerns in at least the half of the killed fighter, put however no concrete records for these information before.
On Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians became, under that a Thai worker, killed.
Hamas and other fighters in Gaza discharged 4,591 rockets and mortar garnet during the battles on Israeli cities, that in the south of the country.
In the meantime the Israeli military carried out more than 5,000 air attacks and other attacks.
Thousands of damaged or destroyed the Israeli attacks by houses in the Gazagebiet and about 250,000 people sought in more than 100 UN schools refuge that were rebuilt into preliminary protection rooms.
While ten thousands of people live further into the protection room and the battles last, the development authorities shifted past week the start of the school year.
"I hope, the school soon again is opened so that we can learn further, so such as the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who lives presently in a school in Gaza city.
After choice in Saxons: Christian Democratic Union vice Strobl places NPD Verbotsverfahren in question
In view of the voice losses of the NPD in Saxons, Christian Democratic Union federal vice Thomas Strobl talked things out for an end of the running NPD Verbotsverfahrens before the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - the running Verbotsverfahrens against the NPD should find sound Christian Democratic Union federal vice Thomas Strobl before the Federal Constitutional Court an end.
"The NPD cuts more badly from than in the last time", said Strobl, that also Christian Democratic Union country boss in Baden-Württemberg is, the "Leipzig resident people newspaper".
That is not a pleasant development into the correct direction and a development, that lets conclude me sooner, that one politically fights the NPD and before the constitutional court.
The NPD was failed in the voting on Sunday very tightly due to the five-percent-hurdle.
A first start for a ban of the radical right-wing party was failed 2003 because the constitution protection had at that time also in the NPD tips informants.
The Bundesrat submitted in December 2013 after long preparation a new proposal in Karlsruhe.
Federal Government and Bundestag did not join.
Harburg: Tents for new fugitives
At the new country place fugitives are accommodated now in tents.
The headquarters first reception for fugitive in Harburg bursts out of all seams.
Now the interior authority has set up let three tents of the Red Cross beside it.
The district politicians were informed first shortly previously - it are enthused few.
"These chop jerks actions stir up further reservations of the citizens and give the district politicians no possibility, constructive at the humane lodging of fugitive to co-operate", says about Britta gentleman man, floor leader of the green in the Harburger district meeting.
Your party demands that the district administration Harburg makes available presently unused houses lodging to the.
96 fugitives can be accommodated in the three tents.
Reasons for the overfilling in the first reception are the onset of those appealing for help - and the circumstance that the authorities of sufficient places cannot allocate in consequence arrangements.
Many fugitives remain therefore longer than the regular three months.
The house prices experienced the strongest winter climb in seven years, shows a largely observed index.
The RP dates CoreLogic Hedonic home Value index for homes in the Australian capital climbed in August around 1.1 percent, so the RP data of the Monday.
Through this climb, the entire increase has been in June, July and August about 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months for 2007.
The price climb annual was about 10.9 percent, more than twice as highly like the climb in the 12 months until August 2013, but the increases were not distributed uniformly over the country.
The research leader of RP dates, Tim Lawless, announced that Sydney and Melbourne drive a split market.
The numbers of RP dates cover that the house prices in Sydney in the past year increased around 16.1 percent, in Melbourne on the other hand around 11.7 percent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin in whom the prices increased on the average around five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale, Canberra, that hard was encountered by the incisions in national editions and increased where the prices over the year solely around 1.4 percent, lies.
Mr. Lawless said further that with the spring beginning now for the next months a climb would become to observe be in the for sale standing real estate, that would subject the market to "a real test".
"If one observes the continuously high rate of the auction prices, a generally fast sale rate and the continuously low interest environment, it is probable that the home prices in the next three months will climb yet further," meant it.
In an attitude at the new press, it contradicts statements of the manager Peer Medau and attests this to pose "like a commander".
Let the style of the university be not this, is named it in the communication.
So the family Medau had been informed already "in the middle of June orally about the request of the university.
The statements that the plans became first in July well known, are definitively incorrect", so Pötzl.
Simultaneously it reprimands on that that it does not concern in the plans "before establishments or quite decisions", it to be sure "preferences" would give.
Also the extension necessary for the driveway of the narrow street up to the lock would be feared fewer dramatically than by the Medaus.
Street of wide by a nine meters was not and is the speech.
It that concerns is after present state 5.50 meters, a meter of wider than previously", explains Pötzl.
The argument of the Medau operators that its free of cost and school own park areas in the future are used then only by students of the university, does not want to count let Pötzl.
Zugeparkt becomes not at all because that intelligently can be solved like in other public parking lots meanwhile.
Think of the residents
The child manger Bergwichtel, that is on the terrain and would lead the driveway before its front door to the park cover along, should become" according to the university president "not impaired.
Rather it gives to consider, "that it concerns here not only the child manger, but rather also around the residents at the confluence to the Friedrich-Streib-street and the 800 students of the neighboring secondary school.
It concerns therefore much more than around minority interests of the Mr. Medau", so Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents adviser of the child manger, with the extension of the street Coburgs would be lost go" entitled would be one "the few nature left spots, "can the reader himself decide".
Beginning of October wants to inform Pötzl together with the national department of building and inspection Bamberg the Stadträte about the structural development of the university until 2020 "and address" the meaning of the new development in this context.
Peer Medau had informed past week the parents of the child manger about the plans of the university.
Accordingly the driveway should not lead for the new park cover like previously over the campus and the Friedrich-Streib-street, but rather over the Medau mountain.
Therewith the narrow street would have to be expanded on about a kilometer length zweispurig.
According to projections of the Medaus, the traffic in the park of lock would decuple itself high rock therewith.
Of about 2000 vehicles the speech is daily.
Of sides of the city, one wanted to express himself not yet for intention.
Glandorf resigns out of hand ball national team
Holger Glandorf will play no longer for the DHB team.
The 31-year-old of the national league team of SG Flensburg hand bet cited health problems for this decision above all.
The decision did not fall me easily, it is ripened over several months.
It is for me time, on which signals of my body to hear, and to conclude my career in the national team", announced the world champion of 2007 on its Facebook side.
It goes therefore with a balance of 167 country games and 576 gates for Germany into the international retirement.
Because the throw powerful back room player wants to go for the champion-League-victor out of Flensburg a few more years on gate hunt, he is available now the new national trainer Dagur Sigurdsson no longer.
With the Isländer, that will announce on Tuesday its Kader for the country games against Switzerland, Glandorf led a "long and good conversation.
Its ideas and extensions enthused me just as how it also my long-time partners and my successors will enthuse.
But for my club, I would like to be available also in the next years healthy, are does not allow for that longer regeneration recesses necessary, that the current double load.
The lefty had quite be fear must 2012 after a heel infection career end.
Because of Achillessehnenproblemen, he had treat let himself of team physicians of the German of hand ball alliance (DHB) with a Cortisonspritze, who had released later a strong inflammation.
An emergency procedure and two further intervention followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a complaint against the team physician, that ended discussion with a comparison.
Twelve years pro and eleven years national team career go past no body without a trace.
I have some health construction sites that I can ignore no longer.
After the three infection contingent foot operations, that resulted 2012 in short distances, I never got my blood pressure correctly into the handle.
To this some come other abrasive contingent troubles.
Already at the beginning of the year, I did not notice that I drive to be sure my head, but my body deceive can", explained Glandorf in the interview "hand ball Time" to the magazine.
For a comeback, it would be available only in the absolute emergency.
"If all cords tear, am I always ready to talk", explained the dual family father the specialty magazine.
To be sure I can count the years, in which I can play yet hand ball, at a hand.
I must say also that I became after my long hospitalization 2012 also rather humble, what concerns my health.
After my career, I at least somewhat just would like to go can.
Next to the World Cup title 2007 and the profit of the champions League 2014 he got 2008 (HSG north horn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo) the EHF cup.
He secured himself 2012 moreover with Flensburg the Europe cup of the cup victors.
German economy in the spring around 0.2 percent shrunk
The crises all around the globe braked the German economy in the second quarter.
The gross domestic product sank from April to the end of June 2014 in comparison with the previous quarter around 0.2 percent.
That announced the Federal Statistical Office and confirmed therewith preliminary calculations.
Alone the consumption animated the economy in the spring while the investments returned.
Also the foreign trade braked the economic trend.
Thanks to the strong year prelude, a GDP plus of 0.8 percent arises for the first half year altogether vis-à-vis the second half of the year 2013.
Horstmar was the start point and the goal of the "Münsterland Mooiste" that led on Sunday for the first time through the castle man city.
The castle man city Horstmar experienced on Sunday an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer".
The largest wheel sport association of the Netherlands, NTFU, arranged the so-called "Münsterlande Mooiste".
At the same time handet it itself around the largest bike ride diagonally through the Münsterland, the cyclist paradise nearly the Netherlands.
Over 1000 participants thanked with its registration Jos ter Huerne for the organization of this excursion through the Münsterland.
Written out in different trade journals, this tour was offered interested.
We come out of the Helder and went overnight in order to participate in this excursion.
We once more closely would like to know learn the Münsterland also on this type", were happy the cyclists about the route through the circles stone ford, Borken and Coesfeld.
After the registration in the society home of the marksman fraternity Sta.
Katharina went it on a small "peace trip" through the city over the rampart where also the start resulted.
Further the route, that was written out for three different categories, led, toward gentleman wood over the Schöppinger mountain toward Coesfeld and over Havixbeck and Billerbeck back after Horstmar.
On stretches of 95 kilometers with 1175 gains in elevation, 120 kilometers with 1475 gains in elevation and 145 kilometers with 1775 gains in elevation, the cyclists proved its good condition.
Provisions became it underway in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Head organizer Jos ter Huerne and mayor representative Heinz Lölfing appeared over the succeeding of this wheel sport Events very delighted.
We are satisfied and it was a beautiful experience for all participants.
The organization passed gave no negative occurrences without problems and it", pulls Heinz Lölfing a positive result of this organization.
Unfortunately so many participants did not come had themselves, like the organizer hoped for what lay probably at the bad weather forecasts and at the morning rain.
"We see us in 2015 again in hopefully beautiful weather on the 30th of August or during another weekend", promised plan the cyclists to return however nevertheless again into the Münsterland and the organizers a reprint.
Memoirs protectionless honest constantly alarm
It is actual more philosophical testimony as a biography, what put constant alarm, singer-songwriter, pacifist, politsicher activist, former prisoner, in "monk and warrior" on 287 sides on paper.
Chronologically, but rather more thought shred for thought shred the citizen of Munich born at the 1st of June 1947 did not write down its memoirs, initiated each chapter by a suitable song text.
And it is there protectionless honest: Of the masturbation as a Gymnasiast to the shoplifting and drug consumption, it leaves out no human weakness.
In order, around to show how he himself learned tolerance in the contact with its fellow men.
Also abstract, but all the more more important concepts take in wide room: Dear, soul, ego, that are in that now to go sirituality - all that tried it on the reason, on very philosophical, but also very personal manner.
And it clarifies also its pacifism, its company criticism, its political engagement - and also, like it not only the music stamped has be (the opera lover became the Soul- and rock music), but rather also prison stay.
More latter constant alarm has vicinity furnished the swinger also the ascetic monk, who is caused "by subtraction", how he says, "in that one all unnecessary leaves out".
Between all the highly intellectual views, there is however also short anecdote for grounding: about over fight in one of G SHARP of frequented locally or a mad car trip with which it envisaged frontal a tree.
Also there it is protectionless honest.
Lenny Henry: My father never took me into the arm.
Said never "I dear you"
Henry was one of seven children of a family of Jamaican immigrant in Dudley in the Midlands in the year 1958.
Its father who died when Henry 19 was, worked was limits in a factory and its ratio.
Henry rehearses it for a comedy, Rudy's scarce Records that is based partially upon an imaginary conversation with its father and developed from the series on radios 4.
The Soundtrack is a mixture out of Reggae and Rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work itself through some difficult childhood moments.
It visited "many" therapies after death of its mother, and Henry is reflective over its relation to its father.
It was heavy to know it.
One never saw its face, heard only its voice: "Stop with the noise.
Let your sister in quiet.
Move you!
I want cracked view.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - that were already adult, when I a child was - went with it into the tavern and spoke over things, like the form of the beer glass or the beauty of a Cricketschlags.
I never had such a conversation with it.
It was a large part of my life this serious type in the corner that read the newspaper.
Recently Henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than an at times its father, he won yet an insight therein how life might have been for it.
It is now somewhat brighter, but they are dark, waft away, deep stygische mazes with flame pushes and smoke and much soot.
My father put himself earlier simply into the tub and then one slowly was able to hear it how he began to sing, because he was able to wash the foundry of itself.
When I ran around there, became clearly that it had done that for years in order to bring the meal on the table, and my attention before it became larger to me.
Nevertheless Henry grew up as a child without Liebesbezeugungen of its parents.
My father never embraced me, he never said "I dear you".
First as it of my mother toward the end of its life badly went to say caught we on, "I dear you, I dear you, I dear you".
Through its own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, was able to divide it the love, that it had missed as a child.
Could you stop once "I with that dear yourself"?
Stop yet embracing me!
Papa, I am 22!
With Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a magnificent mother.
It is married was still with French friendly, with that it 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a magnificent mother.
Mother own Henrys was diabetic.
That contributed to its death.
As I therefore very, very overweight became and showed symptoms of diabetes, said must be radical my physician "you.
Therefore I got through this fitness thing and had to make also a drastic diet in order to reverse the symptoms.
It is very heavy.
And it is strenuous.
No one eats gladly carrot.
Henrys career change appears perhaps in its elegant, shingled beard.
Since he was praised by the critics for its Othello, he is collects of the theater.
It followed the comedy of the errors, and then Fences of August Wilson.
That is be filled out have another experience as the Sitcoms and comedies, that busy work life.
It began with only 16 years when it worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered it on the stage when it wrote people imitated and to New Faces over it.
Its TV career began middle of the seventies. "I was for a rather long time the single black imitator/Comedian on television".
It learned in the occupation.
I had to become not only before the eyes of the public large, but rather also of 1975 to 1985, that learn how I was able to become an efficient joke-Erzähl-machine, while I was through television a star, and was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 in New Faces
And White Minstrel show looked possessed there its manager the stage rights at that, an easy support program, in that itself the people "blackly painted", led Henry its Comedy there over five years up.
That was my family very unpleasant.
I wished somehow that it never would have happened, but I do not regret that I did it.
It was a strange, unpleasant position for me, but I cooperated on giant projects and learned how one handles a large audience.
But this "years-long prize-winning easy column of the British distance marriage" was also a "grotesque parody of black people".
Through the introduction of figures, that the British black culture both mocked celebrated how, worked Henry in the eighties at an alternative Comedykreis.
The first row of the Lenny Henry show went 1984 on shipment, and in the ninetieses, it was among other things as the chef Gareth Blacklock in the Comedyserie boss! well known.
Advertising, documentary, series of TV and film rolls stamped its next decade, but after its series of BBC LennyHenry. tv 2008, he thought himself: "What you make next, Len because it feels all so, as bring you only the time around or trittst a few on the place".
After that a Dokumentarserie came for radios 4 with the title What's it so Great About...?
The first consequence revolved around Shakespeare.
On Shakespeare, I was regular allergic.
I never had learned something in the school correctly over it and considered it predominantly to be a domain of the middle class, white in stocking pairs of pants and a cabbage head ahead inside.
Therefore I had large anxiety before that.
Everyone that we interviewed for the show Peter hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, judos Dench said should try "you it once.
Do not make it badly if you do not know, whereby you speak.
Nimm a couple of the words into the mouth, and then you will understand why we love all Shakespeare so.
Henry itemized 20 lines out of Othellos of last speech for the documentary and it was enthused.
I had the feeling that I was able to create that.
It was almost, as would have someone the head finally correctly mounted me.
"Therefore goes it, it is a serious thing, nimm it seriously, learn your text, would research a little.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we made it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and that did not happen simply.
And soon it appeared in the comedy of the errors.
Suddenly I was was hardly able to believe in the national theater and I it.
There there was a moment when I thought, "oh, you have you changes"."
There were felt a technical mistake and Henry instinctively that it had to maintain the audience.
"A small voice said must bridge you now 10 minutes to me", repair while it the computer"."
Instead the stage leader announced that the presentation would go on, as soon as the problem would be solved.
I went said of the stage and anything in me "oh, God would be thanks to".
I am not for that responsible.
I can leave that someone to other.
"You play in a theater piece, therefore shelter in your role".
Henry in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
To learn the text for Fences was demanding.
Panic is very good, that strengthens the tendons.
Also that arrived well, it is say is therefore like a large sign of the Gods, that "that here your determination"." to me.
It says this, naturally, with a THUNDERING voice.
Therefore I remain at the same time.
I love that really.
I love it to be in a sample room.
Henry has however still the head of a Comedian - our conversation is gotten through of humorous outbreaks while it imitates again and again people.
I concluded to make no state-up-Comedy because I find, that this type of the immediate satisfaction of a hall is dangerous more fully more strangely somehow.
If one seeks that continually, one goes therewith before a wall.
I appear sometimes live in the Apollo if I am in the mood in addition, but altogether it does not give me so much like earlier.
I ask it whether it will make ever again a state-up-Comedytour.
The joke, that I have in a room with a director, that helps at the same time, a beginning to form a means part and the end of a trip - I do not believe that I would like to abandon that ever again.
Is that here therefore its new incarnation?
I think already.
I am gladly an actor.
It is fun.
One tells always a story, and that is magnificent.
Stories love I.
The people love stories.
Huthi rebels block streets in Yemen capital
In the conflict between Shiite Huthi rebel and the Yemeni government, the Huthis to civil called disobediently in the capital Sanaa.
Huthi followers would have occupied on Monday streets central in Sanaa, said a speaker of the Huthi party "Ansar allah".
Also the driveway to the parliament had been blocked.
Yemeni media report of a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper "Yemen postal service" Huthi leader Abdulmalik al Huthi had called on Sunday evening to the measures.
Huthi threatened according to the leaf with a further escalation of the conflict, should not fulfill become its demands.
The Shiite Huthis fight for more independence of the Sunnite reigned Yemen and demand the resignation of the government.
The tribe of the Huthi belagert since almost two weeks the Yemeni capital.
Approximately 30,000 rebels erected protest warehouse at the large driveway ways of Sanaa.
In the surrounding countryside, it comes again and again to bloody fights with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registers official in order to dam "spirit employee"
Kenya began therewith to register all country officials biometrically, in order to delete "spirit employee" out of the salary lists of the government.
Colleagues, who do not register himself in the next two weeks, would be paid no longer, read a government communication.
The government assumes that thousands people receive yet salary payments also after its departure out of the public service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to fight in its assumption of office 2013, corruption in the public service.
In a test to beginning of these years was assessed that at least 1 million $ (700,000£) per month at payments for "spirit employee" got lost and through other improper finance practices.
The government assumes that salaries are paid further on accounts, after a person died or leaves the public service, reports Wanyama Chebusiri for the BBC out of the capital Nairobi.
All officials must appear now in the next two weeks in identification centers in order to guarantee that its data are received over the biometric registrations, was announced in a government message.
The communication, did not read everyone that painted would do would become this without a plausible apology by the salary list, further.
"Through this action is contributed substantially to the rationalization of the public service in that the actual amount of the official is assessed and also the salary list on both government plains settled becomes - so are eliminated the" spirit employees", said" Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary in the ministry for decentralization and planning.
The scandal around the art adviser Helge alas stream is negotiated on the 11th of November for the first time before court.
Five inheriting of Berthold Albrecht, son of the Aldi founder Theo Albrecht, demand in a civil action at that Düsseldorfer regional court 19.4 million Euro compensation of alas stream and two of its businesses that are in bankruptcy proceeding.
A court speaker announced that on Monday.
In the complaint writing, it is named had deceived, alas stream in the purchase of works of art and Oldtimern and calculates Berthold Albrecht higher than an actually paid purchase price.
Through it also the arranged provision more highly had fallen out.
Alas stream had purchased valuables for 121 million Euro for Albrecht.
Children need roots and wing
It was 44 years in the school service, therefrom 23 as a school leader.
Out of this time, Manfred judge knows many stood Petershausener and Kollbacher out of its time as a student.
Its methods were carried sometimes unorthodox, but always of its striving to see in the student the person.
The Schneekoppe is the best known mountain of the giant mountains.
Manfred judge loves the painting with the subject out of its homeland.
Judge was born 1930 in Trautenau/north bohemian, today Trutnov.
Already with 14, he was interested after four years waiter school in the teacher occupation.
A year after that the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within a half hour, the family had to leave its house.
After some months in a warehouse, it went 1946 to Bavaria - in the goods car.
So verschlug it judge into the upper Franconian depression village.
The teacher development took place in Bamberg.
In addition Manfred judge had to run six times ten kilometers to the next railway station per week, had to go with which train go to Bamberg, there three kilometers diagonally through the entire city to the school and evenings back.
After two months, Manfred judge in a red-cross-home in Bamberg got a sleep opportunity: together with up to 15 fellow pupils in a dormitory.
It made 1951 the first and 1954 after three years scholar office applicant the second country examination.
Because Upper Franconia had no free scholar generation for it, he applied himself to Upper Bavaria and came on the 1st of November 1954 at the school in Kollbach.
The "Miss room" was its first "service dwelling" in the school house.
It related 1958 in the new built teacher house next to the school a three-room-service dwelling.
This house bought Manfred judges 1980 after the school had been dissolved in Kollbach 1968.
Until there, there were three classes and in Peter Hausen five in Kollbach in the school association Peter Hausen Kollbach.
From the school year 1968/69, these in Peter Hausen in the current city hall were summarized.
When the school association was established indian village, the elementary school in the place remained only.
In order to escape a Rückstufung in the school smaller now, the at that time chancellor Georg Sigl changed after Karl field - and Manfred judge became be successor.
Yet Peter Hausen grew, and so the children and its teachers were able to relate as of September 1982 the current building, that was expanded 1997 after judge retirement.
Manfred judge praises the straightforward generosity of the at that time mayor Ludwig Götz, that let construct on community costs in addition a work room and in the expansion 1997 cellar rooms, although that was not after the guidelines subsidy capable for Schulbauten.
"Mayor Götz was very school friendly", remembered judge gratefully.
In its entire career, Manfred judge never forgot the speech contribution of a government representative, that had answered on a report of a schools inspector over right and justice: "One never may forget" the love. Manfred judge transferred, what he had heard there as a young teacher.
"One two kinds must give the children: Be rooted and wing", says that today 84-Jährige.
And it had to learn: "That does not succeed always". Whether it means there only its student or just as its own six children, is not entirely clear.
In every case, doing was judge sometimes unorthodox.
If students thrashed himself, they got a punishment work of it not and were condemned also not for detention.
At the expense of community couple of box gloves had get let judges two and let begin both contractor against each other, also if there should be at the same time once a violet.
To the welfare of the school, judge maintained a good relation to the at that time mayor Ludwig Götz (Christian Socialist Union) as a chancellor.
This moved the impartial judge after its retirement in addition to run for office 1996 at least as more last on the Christian Socialist Union list for the local council.
Yet judge was selected before on place six and stepped the Christian Socialist Union by.
180 Kilometers in three days
HR4-RADTOUR 700 cyclists insert salt Hausen and scot in the cure park of bath stopovers
If cyclists make races on its tour in bath salt Hausen or scot, that is at itself nothing special.
On Friday however alone the amount of the resting made impression: The 700 participants of the hr4-Radtour including accompanying horse wetted a recess in the lower cure park of bath salt Hausen and later a party under free sky in the Schottener old castle park.
Under the motto "cycling and celebrate had on newly discovered ways between Nidda and Kinzig" the participants in the Thursday in bath Vilbel themselves encountered and there a concert of Van Baker & volume lives through.
On Friday it became serious: The cyclists took the first stage, the 60 kilometers over Florstadt after bath salt Hausen and further after scot in attack.
In bath salt Hausen the athletes were welcomed of mayor Hans Peter Seum, that was started with in bath Vilbel with the bicycle, and the leader of the own business bath salt Hausen, Petra wing Döring.
To the refreshment of body and spirit, all kinds had been prepared at good things: The country women out of Ranstadt and low Mockstadt had baked 85 sheet metals apple, prunes, Streusel- and cheesecake, that the efficient cyclists wonderfully mundeten.
"Such cakes can only country women bake", praised a participant out of Aulendiebach, during he a further bit of orderte.
At the drink state of the gymnastics society Geiß Nidda cold refreshments could be arisen.
The "duo Bravo" maintained the visitors with well known melodies out of operetta and musicals and harvested enthused applause.
The beautiful ambience of the park caused relaxing.
A gentleman enjoyed furthermore a head massage of its partner: It earned "that, secured" in the end it today already jumped off bicycle chains again.
Meanwhile the mayor and the business leader yet had to work: They became interviews at the well before the Trinkkurhaus of reporter Rainer Janke and used the opportunity to advertise in the radio for bath salt Hausen.
Also graduation boss Tobias cultivated, since the first hr4-Radtour 2004 as a tour leader at the same time, was able to have a breather only shortly, had he yet amply with the technology on the spot to do.
Its Pickup Truck, in which it communicated by means of three telephones and a radio device with its colleagues and the 15-member motorcycle squadron of the police Hesse, Facebook entries wrote and made coverage, needed also a Check.
"The large part of the participants comes from the Rhine-Main-zone", told he, "but also out of pouring or Fulda, out of sound stream or the Taunus and even out of numerous cities in Westphalia cyclists traveled.
The number of participants depends a little on the overnight stay capacities standing to the decree.
In category I, the participants in hotels are accommodated, in category II in collecting lodgings.
Of the spa, the cyclists had a good impression when they broke open after one and a half hours again: "Bye!"
"It was beautiful in bath salt Hausen"! waved it to the departure.
After the arrival in scot, the group was allowed to insert a short have a breather recess.
But in the evening the cyclists in the idyllic old castle park were demanded.
Under the administration of the Schottener company for tourism and city marketing (GTS), the park had received a beautiful festival ambience and naturally had one delicacies, about flame cake with well cooled feather knowledge, prepares.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS manager Markus Hoßfeld and MSC chairperson Wolfgang Wagner special it in its function as a member of the board of directors of the ADAC Hesse Thuringia the visitors welcomed.
The three appeared evidently delights over that "many business in scot".
DJ Tobias cultivated gave subsequently the dance stage free.
The opportunity for spirited moving under free sky enthusiastically was used in spite of the sporting activity on the bicycle.
Under the guests, citizens, that of the good mood mixed done were himself increasingly just as like the large multitude of the cyclist.
At the second day, the stations stood for the cyclists Birstein, guard stream and bath Orb - inclusive of a concert with the Trenkwaldern - on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometers of cycling, the athletes arrived again in bath Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish policemen because of "plot" against the government arrested
Altogether 33 policemen were arrested in Turkey based on the suspicion of the "plot against the government", report local medium agencies.
The police authorities delivered no direct commentary.
Under the arrested, 14 high-ranking policemen are, reports Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in the corruption investigations against government colleague, under that four government ministers in the last December.
In July a row was arrested of Turkish policeman because they had established nominally an organized criminal union and phone number had tapped.
The Turkish Präsident Recep Tayyip Erdogan (that at that time prime minister was) described its action as a part of the activities, that are cited by the Islamist spiritual Fethulla liquid manure against it and other people in power positions.
All children in the Ukraine do not return into the school
Educate almost everywhere in the Ukraine opened on Monday (1. September) after the summer vacation.
This day is traditional an important day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, prime minister Arsenij Jazenjuk brought its daughter into the school.
There he announced waiting journalist that all schools had not opened again, that he would be decided however to defend the country for future generations:
The September celebration were not held off in every school.
The sky is not everywhere peaceful over the Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The entire Ukraine, a gigantic joint Ukrainian popular front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, school leader of the school in Slawjansk who visits Jazenjuks daughter spoke in Russian.
We hope that here finally again peace rules and that the children receive a development, that will be useful them in the further life.
The school day first of the new school year traditionally is celebrated whereby the children carry bestickte shirts, balloons in the hands hold and give its teachers flowers.
With Rona Fairhead, the BBC found perhaps the magnificent director, whom it needs.
It arrives with a proud renown train out of the bank world, the medium management and the internal circle of the Tory party.
And it has own front experience.
Your career began in the worldwide management consultation business Bain and Co. whereon it changed to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the medium world of Pearsons.
You chairman of the board of the Financial Times was for seven years and resigned when the uppermost post of the mother business Pearsons went at a younger masculine colleague.
Your settlement amounted to nominally almost 1 million£.
Also its political Ranking is solid.
It became sought became David Cameron of lord Browne that recommended earlier chairperson of BP, than this after more private-sector knowledge in Whitehall: it the adviser of the cabinet.
Your husband is an earlier Tory councilor.
Already in May I described the task of the chairpeople with a poisoned cup.
Not only the BBC stands as a gigantic and complex unit in the heart of the public life, but rather there is also an internal paradoxically in its structure.
The confidence functions in two directions: after interior on the first corps of the own management hierarchy in the BBC, but also outward as a voice of public apprehension and unrest if the things incorrectly run.
That provides for a duo pole almost untenable, that demands after a complete comprehensive reform.
But which newly arriving chairperson it would risk, to begin is so complex to hit on everything and to take apart an institution, that like a Chinese dynasty while he brings himself at the same time even perhaps around its job.
It is a difficult task.
And as that would be not already enough, are interested also yet many on that to see the BBC reduced - power, money and status overtakes.
While the competition more closely moves and new technologies threaten old, comfortable securities, the standing negotiation of the license fees is connected for the BBC with special dangers.
For the modest sum of 145.50£per year the British public shops itself into the certainly largest medium business of the world.
The BBC tells a good story: it says that it reaches 96 percent of all households and everyone costs therefrom only 40 Pence per day.
And apparently the BBC climbs on the popularity scale again towards the top: 53 percent support it today, in comparison with 31 percent 10 years ago.
The Seh- and utilization habits for the BBC changed: I get nowadays message headline on my mobile phone and see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and notable institution.
It needs a notable chairperson - I hope, it found it.
Perry from Texas says that reducing Tweet was not authorized
A Tweet of the official user account of the republican governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a reducing comment over the democratic district district attorney, who stands in the midpoint of a criminal accusation against it because of abuse of the office force.
The Tweet later was deleted and replaces by another of Perrys user account, that contested the prior.
Just a Tweet is of my account out of sends become, authorizes was that not of me.
"I do not approve the Tweet and deleted it," was named it in the later message.
Colleagues of Perry did not answer immediately on inquiries after commentaries.
Although the Tweets of Perrys went out official user account, was not clear, who serves actually the Feed.
In the earlier Tweet, an unfavorable picture of the district district attorney became of Travis County, Rosemary clay mountain, drawn, convicts became that in April 2013 because of drunkenness at the tax.
Perry inserted a veto against a financial support of its office when she refused, to resign, what led to an accusation against Perry - the possibly 2016 presidency candidate be could - before a Grand jury this month in Austin.
The text of the Tweets reads: "I go not always drunk with the triple allowable alcohol mirror... however if I it would do, complain I governor Perry on, if he it chats from".
I am the most drunk democrat in Texas.
Clay mountain office was not entrusted with the direction over the investigation of the Grand jury against Perry.
This was led of Michael McCrum, a special district attorney out of San Antonio, that was selected by a republican judge.
Perry pleads on not indebted and named the accusation a political trick.
Its hochklassiges team of counsel applied for in the judge entrusted with the case to reject the accusation and argued that the law, with which against the most senior governor in the story of the country Texas is advanced, is diffuse, unverfassungsgemäß.
Perry stopped resident is 7.5 million $ national moneys at the Public Integrity Unit of the country - that in Travis County and determines in cases of national corruption in Texas - as a clay mountain refused, to resign.
This veto provided for a public trouble on the part of a to the left standing Watchdog group.
User account official Perrys frequently is updated - and sometimes famously.
After it had locked in the choice meetings in Iowa during its presidency candidacy 2012 as fifth, Perry went in on speculations that it would stop, in that it posted a Tweet of a photo of itself in the Joggen in the vicinity of a lake, with the words "South Carolina, we come"!
Berkeley declares housing market again to be "normally"
One of the most prominent contractors of London referred on that that the housing market in the southeast of England would be "returned" again to normal level.
Homes in that of the capital be named were desired and object enormous price climb, what moved the bank of England based on the far common fear of a credit bubble in addition, to set in June upper limits for mortgage credit.
Tony Pidgley, founder and chairman of the board of the hochklassigen building business Berkeley said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current fiscal year, the market is returned" again on normal transaction levels since the record level 2013 and joined thereto that this would offer a "stable action environment".
The real-estate market in London was set up during the downswing well because foreign buyers pressed into the capital.
The prices in the metropolitan area increased according to information from the land register office alone in the past year jerky around 18.5 percent, far more than the average climb in England and whale altogether.
Offer private, low-priced and student-like the average sale prices in Berkeleys climbed around approximately one-fifth in that passed year and lay the end of April about 423,000£.
A stronger pound attractively made however in the last months real estate property in London for foreign buyers fewer - some of them were deterred also by the introduction of new real estate tax and political rhetoric around a possible "villa tax" before the general choices in the coming May.
The Londoner real estate agent Foxtons warned in the past week that the mortgage market reports for April, in which sharper credit award regulations were introduced, in which second half of the year would lead also to slighter market growth both in the real estate sale such as in the praising.
New data of the bank of England of the Monday show a decline in the mortgage permission in July, what points also on that, that the real-estate market cools off.
Hamptions internationally, another real estate agency, corrected its prediction for the climb of the real estate prices in London for 2015 downward to 3 percent, on the basis of an already now weakening house price consciousness.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington returned meanwhile year for year around one-quarter, so the broker WA Ellis.
Nevertheless the wish is after a home in the capital for Berkeley a blessing because the due sums amount to themselves for Terminverkäufe on more than 2.2 billions£.
Mr. Pidgley added: "The demand after the correct, well planned product at the best locations remained stable and as a result, also the Terminverkäufe remained" stable.
In June the business reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year until the end of April - almost one-third more than to the record level 2007 before the crisis.
The annual pre-tax result climbed annually around 40 percent on 280 millions£, the revenue around 18 percent on 1.6 billions£.
In a communication on Monday the year ago meeting of the business Mr. Pidgley said that the revenue would correspond year for Berkeley in the course presumable to the present market expectations.
The analysts estimate concurring the annual pre-tax result to be 450 millions£.
Berkeley shares stood in the afternoon in the Londoner trade firmly in 23.96£.
Naked photos of Jennifer Lawrence through hacker on the Internet publishes
Jennifer Lawrence entrance in the 85th Oscarverleihung.
Naked photos of the Oscarpreisträgerin Jennifer Lawrence were published Online of a hacker, who maintained to have a "master list" of pictures more further 100 Starlets.
A representative of the star out of "the tributes of Panem" confirmed that the photos really would be of Lawrence and complained the hacker because of "striking injury of the privacy" on.
The authorities were notified and will pursue all those, that further post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, that were posted originally on the photo-Sharing-side 4chan, were procured nominally through a space in the Online memory system iCloud of Apple. The alleged "master list" of the Hackingopfer comprises the names Dutzender of feminine star, under that Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary Kate Olsen, reported BuzzFeed.
It is not certain how many of the pictures really are, although Winstead, star convicted out of "Scott Pilgrim against the remainder of the world" on Twitter also the hack.
"At that of you, that itself photos look at, that my husband and I years ago in the private background of our house received have - I hope, you are so really satisfied with you", wrote Winstead on Twitter.
Victoria just Ice out of the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" contested however that it would concern in the photos pictures of it and tweetete FALSIFIED are "these so-called naked pictures of me, people.
Let's defend yet once immediately the beginning. *Pun intends*.
Buzzfeed reported at the late Sunday that a speaker of the pop star Ariana Grande contested the authenticity of the alleged photos of it.
Novel highly praised new exclusive statement out of Howard Jacobsons over love and the letter "J".
They dissolved, was able to describe one it best, solved it themselves slowly on like a carton, that one has stand let in the rain.
Occasionally a woman said it, it would be too serious, strenuous, intensively, dissociates and perhaps something kratzbürstig.
The hand and shook it then.
It knew Kratzbürstig.
It was thorny, like in hedgehog, yes.
The last victim of this thorny-ness had been was brought would have a just beginning affair, that very promising for a relief of the solitary boredom of its life as otherwise, and it perhaps even a certain contentment.
Ailinn Solomons was was even yet remote and rougher rubbed a trembling delicate beauty with untamed hairs and a fluttering heart out of a village on the north island, that than a Port.
It had come had with an older accompaniment to south, was inherited had that considered Kevern to be its aunt, and that a plot of land in a damp however heavenly valley with the appropriate name Paradise Valley.
Over several years, no one had lived in the house.
The pipes were were had left behind and believed leak, in the baths yet spiders, naked snails its traces on all windows, would belong that of all to them, and the garden was overgrow with weeds, that looked like gigantic cabbage heads.
It was like the house out of a child fairy tale, both threateningly like enticing, a garden of full secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson whose novel "J" stands on the Longlist for that one Booker price 2014.
The Shortlist is announced in the coming week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn hand holding on the broken deck chairs in the high grass and had wetted an unusually warm spring afternoon. Both had linken absent-minded up with the service console, that furnished the country with calming music and soothing messages, when the view of its crossed brown legs reminded one it of an old song of an a long time forgotten black entertainer, that its father had listened gladly in closed roll stores in the house.
Your feet are too large.
Based on its inherent aggressiveness, songs of this type were played no longer on the console.
Forbidden simply not played - nothing not so correctly was forbidden -.
It became successful obsolesziert, so like the word obsoleszieren.
The general taste created, select, what directives and directions never would have created, and like the people in books the Vom-Tellerwäscher-zum-Millionär-Memoiren, cookbooks and love novels, selected it in the music the ballad.
In the euphoria of the day, Kevern began to play an imaginary piano and in a coarsely strange serenade Ailinns large feet to besingen.
Ailinn did not understand that.
"That was a well known song of a jazz pianist by the name of Fats ramparts," declared it its and put automatically two fingers at its lips.
Its father always had done that in order to stop the letter J before he came out of its mouth.
It had begun as a game between it and its father when he was yet small.
Its father had played it with its own father, had told he.
If you begin a word with a J, without putting two fingers over your lips, it costs you a Penny.
It had been already at that time no very funny game, and it was also now not very funny.
It knew, expects became that this of it, that was all.
It had to explain, what jazz was.
Ailinn had heard never which.
Jazz became, also if it was not forbidden directly, not played.
The improvising was no longer modern.
It was only place for an only "if" in life.
The people wanted to be certain entire at the beginning of a melody where it would end.
Just as the intellect.
Its unpredictable-ness made the people nervously.
And jazz was musically expressed intellect.
Although it had become 10 years old, without having heard of Sammy Davis junior, knew Kevern something over jazz of the half secret collection of old CDS of its father.
But at least it didn't have to explain Ailinn that Fats ramparts was black.
In its age, she was not able to remember probably a time, in which pop singers were not black.
Again counted, no laws or compulsions.
An in conformity company meant that each element of this company agreed gratefully with to the principle of the group aptitude - gratefully like that of the fate of spared.
People with afro Caribbean origin were suited through temperament and physique for support and sport, therefore they sang and raced.
People, who came originally of the Indian subcontinent, were like of nature with electronic talent blessed and were looked after with the task, to guarantee that no family remained without functioning service telephone.
What was remaining yet of the Polish partnership, attended to the sewer system; what was remaining of the Greeks, plate smashed.
That out of the gulf countries and the Levante, whose grandparents the country quickly left had not as WHAT EVENTS WAS IF IT happened WAS out of fear TO EVENTS to be accused because of Feuerschürens, out of fear even that the flames would consume it next - had Labneh- and Shisha-pipes-restaurants opened, held considers itself and became with the inactivity depressive.
Every after its capacities.
Because it had belonged to only ballad, it fell Ailinn heavily, to understand, become could like the insulting words, that just had sung before Kevern its, per vertont.
Music was expression of love.
"That are not really insulting," said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people, whose feet are too large.
My father never insulted someone, but he loved this song.
It spoke too much, but that neglected gave garden it the deceitful feeling of security.
Was nothing able to overcome the sound insulation of the gigantic cabbage-like leaves.
Ailinn did not understand still.
Why would your father have should so something dear?
It wanted to say that it was a joke, hesitated however to put in its present again two fingers at the lips.
It thought anyway already that it was somewhat strange.
"Appear amusingly to it," said it instead.
It shook unbelieving its head and blocked Keverns visibility.
There was in the entire world nothing other to see when its ungekämmtes crow black hair.
There was nothing what it would have wanted to see otherwise.
"If you say it," mine it without conviction.
But that does not explain yet why you sing before me it.
They seemed honestly concerned.
Are my feet too large?
It looked once again.
Your feet so directly not.
Perhaps your knuckles, a small little...
Do and you say hates me, you because my knuckles are too thick?
Do you hate?
Naturally I do not hate you.
That is yet only the stupid song.
It would have been able to say "I dear you", but for that it was yet too early.
"Your thick knuckles are exactly the reason why you please me," tried it it instead.
I am there a little perverse.
That did not sound correctly.
It had strangely be should.
If he tried to be strange, he brought himself often in difficulties because he did not control like its father the calming Charm, that one needed, around the cruelty inherent in jokes to bezähmen.
Perhaps wanted to be be also cruel father.
Perhaps it wanted to be, Kevern, that.
In spite of its friendly eyes.
Ailinn Solomons became red and rose out of its deck chair, threw the console over and spilled the wine that they had drunk.
Elder blossom wine, therefore drunkenness was no apology for it.
In its excitement, they seemed to tremble, like Palm frond in the storm.
"And your stubbornness is exactly the reason why I feel moved perverse to you," said it...
Except, that I am that not at all.
It harmed it, both because of the unnecessary unfriendliness of its words such as the fear, that appeared in its eyes, when she resisted herself against it.
Did it think that it would strike it?
It had not told it of life on the cold northern archipelago where it had grown up, but it had no doubts that it was essentially so like here.
The same gigantic and icy ocean broke itself here like there at the bank.
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and more annoyed after THAT WHAT EVENTS had been were than it its ancestors as a smuggler and beach robber, pulled from tavern to tavern, always ready to raise the hand against a woman, that denied itself them or verlachte.
Stubbornness?
That would have shown it a thick fist if it did not pay attention!
Strike knutschen first you - Knutschen was the most frequently used word for an erotic attractive force between men and women, an antidote to the meaningless love ballads out of the console - it first knutschen and then.
After Keverns view, the one unnecessary refinement was because the Knutschen represented even already an act of the force.
Ailinn Solomons gave to go it through its body a sign.
He rose out of the deck chair such as an old man.
It felt also leaden, but the force of its sorrow surprised it.
That was not the end of the world.
They knew themselves yet hardly.
It watched removed herself it, like he - so like of a room on the upper floor its companion it at the same time watched - a man, burdened through something, what he himself had conjured up.
Adam leaves the garden, thought it.
It felt a sudden pain for it and men in general although some had raised its hands against it.
Did a man turn away of its, its back bended, embarrasses himself, overcomes, without battle spirit - why was that a view that they seemed to know well, if she not was able to remember yet a single time, at that it so something the current day ago already once seen had?
When it was again alone, Ailinn Solomons looked at its feet.
Esme nut tree, an intelligent and enthused 32-year-old researcher did not work some years before the just told incidents on behalf of Ofnow, that legislative supervision organ for the public mood, at a short presentation over the continued force on low and middle level in exactly the province, in which its reduction if abolition, at that soon to not to expect been become, in consideration of the moneys and energy, that become invests into the extermination of this force Were.
"Much was done already, and much yet must be done to soothe wrote it, "around the innate aggressiveness of a people, that waged wars thousand and that therefrom won has, especially in the remote corners and valleys of the country, in which the sweet breath of human kindness historically was seen rarely perceived in spite of the high towering steeples between the sterns.
But some characteristics turn out as ineradicable.
The more highly the steeple, seems it, the slighter the passion that it wakes further.
The population cries in the hearing of sentimental ballad, becomes intoxicated at stories over overcome difficulties and maintains to believe firmly in the virtues of marriage and family life, but nevertheless there considers is not only the earlier raw-ness the rural communities just as as our municipal structures firmly in the hand, but rather also records to be the emerging of a new and insidious contentiousness at home, at the job, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to the exaggeration," meant its mentor when he had read the entire report.
I propose that you read less novels.
Esme nut tree sank its head.
Must I ask also: you are atheist?
"I believe, I don't have to say that," answered Esme nut tree.
Are you lesbian?
Again Esme referred to its right on privacy and denial of the statements.
Feminist?
Again being quiet.
"I ask that not," said Luther Rabinowitz in the end, "because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
That here is an unprejudiced job.
We serve an unprejudiced company.
But certain types of Hypersensibilität, that are absolutely acceptable and commendable at itself, can occasionally results how you introduced it, distort.
You yourself have could be interpreted obviously prejudices against the church, and these things, that you "raw" designate as "insidious" and, by other just as well as an expression one naturally power and vitality.
If one ride around further on that, WHAT EVENTS IS IF IT IS EVENTS, as if it had happened, if it, yesterday happened would be, means to take the country its essential vigor.
Esme nut tree looked around itself while Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind its head repeated a LED writing train in flamingo pink the pieces of advice that Ofnow more long had given the country in the last quarter century or.
If smile at its neighbor, appreciate its partner, hear ballad, visit musicals, use explain its telephone, you speak, you, you hear to, you agree, apologize.
Speaking is better than a being quiet, the sung word is better than the written, but is nothing better than a love.
"I understand absolutely whereon you want out," answered say Esme nut tree with quiet voice when it certainly was, that its superior had spoken to end, "and I nothing other when that we are not healed yet so effective, how we show ourselves.
My apprehension lie therein that we regain ourselves without warning if possible at the same time, how we repeat the mistakes, that generally first to THAT WHAT EVENTS IS, IF IT led IS EVENTS.
It are not this time however the other at which we leave out our fury and our mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with the hands.
In order to indicate therewith an angel patience.
"You go too far," said it, "if you actions as" mistake" designate, that our grandparents not also committed perhaps or.
They go also too far if you speak therefrom, that these left out its "fury" and its "mistrust" at "other".
It should be actually not necessary to remember someone in your position that we do not speak in the understanding of the past such as in the protection of the present, about "us" and "other".
There were gave no "we" and it no "other".
It was a time of the disorder, that is all what we know.
"Of that if we are honest to us even," ventured maintain can Esme to throw in, "no part of the company to have behaved well.
I accuse no one.
Whether it was done bad or well, what happened, happened.
That was at that time.
In addition must nothing be said more - there are us we united.
And exactly like no guilt shown will must, must be deleted also no guilt if such a cancellation would be appropriate and if there would be a way to delete it.
But to what the past serves if we do not learn from that -
The past serves in addition that we forget it.
If I may say in addition something -
Luther Rabinowitz let collapse its pyramid.
"I will consider its report," said it and released it.
At the next day when it went lived how to the work, it became run over of a motorcyclist, gone was who how passersby described, in a type of "brutal fury" on the footpath.
There are chances.
Lesotho military member says that no country stroke would be planned; prime minister remains in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho contested to have planned a country stroke to the overthrow of the government and said that they advanced against policemen, whom the armament of political fanatic is reproached.
Prime minister Thomas Thabane flea out of the country and announced that the army of the country had surrounded its office residence and had occupied government building in the capital Maseru.
The premier brought its family into the adjacent South Africa after he had reported of attempt threats.
Military speaker major Ntlele Ntoi said that there would be de facto no country stroke, that however the military would react to the threat through "political fanatics", whose armament through the police was forthcoming.
To cause "what was happened this morning that the rod of the defense effectivenesses acted of Lesotho, after he had received several secret service reports, that within the police some elements act, that actually some of the political, party-political young fanatic wanted to arm, that stood shortly before that, devastating damage," he said vis-à-vis Voice of America.
The South African government speaker Clayson Monyela said, the military action had made the impression of an upset.
"Also if no one maintained to have torn the government through force at itself, are itself all reports about that united that the activities of the defense effectivenesses of Lesotho show previously indication of a country stroke," said it.
Speakers of the military of Lesotho announced on Sunday that the soldiers would withdraw into its barracks and would be quiet the situation in the capital.
In the meantime, the vice premier Mothetjoya Metsing receives the government leadership during Thabanes absence.
Thabane announced that it believes, it had become because of its attempt to fight the corruption in the country, the target.
In Lesotho, there have been for June large tensions after Thabane parliament sessions stopped based on the discussions in its unit government.
It said, its actions would not have undermined the government, differently sounding accusations to the defiance.
Production in the Eurozone on a 13-Monats-Tief of 13-Monats-Tief month 13-Monats-Tief depth
The climb in the production in the Eurozone slowed down in August on the lowest point of the last 13 months, such an exactly observed study with.
The final Markit purchase manager index of the producing business (PMI) fell in August on 50.7 in, after a state of 51.8 in in July.
A detail about 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders returned and factories experienced break-ins in a time of increasing tensions between the EU and Russia over the Ukraine.
The numbers will arrive before the meeting of the European central bank (EZB) on Thursday.
The markets expect a clear plan of the bank for the contact with a hesitant recovery of the Eurozone as well as for the threatening deflations in an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
There are speculations in addition that the leader could make statements further the EZB, Mario Draghi, in the course this week, whether he takes a quantitative relief for the Eurozone into consideration, correspondingly that that were undertaken by Great Britain and the USA during the finance crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than cooked no growth, became the braking effects of the increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for the manufacturers clearer," said Rob Dobson, leading economist in Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, that fell largest trade partner of Russia in the EU, on the deepest state in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime fell in the second largest economy nation of the block, France, the PMI on 46.9.
France remains a worry child, like also the descent of Italy of a solid expansion to stagnation.
Refer on that that growth stimuli in the key industry mechanism Germany grasp as well as in Spain and the Netherlands no longer, are said not either calming," Mr. Dobson.
The decline of the industry stir up probably the fire of the analysts that further monetary or fiskale stimuli expect.
A positive message came out of the republic Ireland where the PMI increased on 57.3, the highest level since the end 1999.
Howard Archer, boss economy expert in IHS globally Insight, said: "The best, what one can say for the purchase manager index of the producing business in the Eurozone of the August, is that after that the sector are awake" further.
It added: "Maker in the Eurozone find life presently obviously quite hard because the current increased geopolitical tensions - especially with regard to Russia and the Ukraine - uncertainties in the conditions difficult further in many countries enlarge.
These increased uncertainties impaired very clearly the economy - especially, and the confidence of the consumers, and leads probably in addition that some orders are delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
It said that it would become more and more "more probable", that the EZB had to initiate in the end a type of the QE, "although we assume, that this limited its becomes".
The hell decade of the surviving of Beslan: Ten years passed since the terrible siege of the school, entangled yet suffer like that therein children today.
Ten years ago were taken over 1,000 people of Chechen militias in a school in Beslan in south Russia as hostages.
More than 330 people, more than the half therefrom children, became in the three-day martyrdom that the world shocked, killed.
We are returned after Beslan in order to find some of the victims, that had escaped death in the horror deed in the class room.
Exactly a decade after the shocking siege of the school of Beslan, with which 334 people died, under that 186 children, warned the heroic surviving past night against a new apocalypse in the Ukraine.
As fanatical Islamist terrorists children and parents on the 1st of September 2004, the start of a new school year, caught took and killed, seemed that like the evilest of the squall.
West united the tragedy and east in abhorrence, and changed itself then surprisingly in action and hope for the future middle in the worst misery.
We later are returned ten years after Beslan in order to find some of the victims, that had escaped death in the horror deed in the class room.
We found surprising young people who overcame resistances, although the memory of will pursue this terrorist hell it for always.
Your largest hope?
That the war, that the Ukraine now an end haunts finds - and in the child how it die - now.
The girl who was photographed in the attempt in which zerschossene school sports hall climb back
It was photographed of the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous when it tried only in its underwear, in which zerschossene school sports hall climb back, after a mine was exploded.
Totally confused Aida after its mother Larissa, now 40 years sought old.
Both became for dead held, but they survived.
"A woman said me, I should race around my life, but I could not," said Aida at that time.
My legs were covered in blood.
I rose and climbed again in in order to search for my mother.
A soldier brought it in security.
After a row of operations, she considered healed herself to be totally, said however yesterday: "Three months ago the pain returned.
I fear that I must be operated again.
Some garnet gravel are still in my knee.
It is your goal now to become dentist, in order to help the person how its by physicians helped became.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it did not break me," says it fight funny.
"That did not happen can change, and that one to me.
Once in the year, I go always into the sports hall in order to remember that, that remained there.
My friends and I try to not to speak at other days about that.
The pain is too large.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were small, and dreamed to go therefrom, together to the school.
"I does not want to marry until I conclude my study and begin my career.
At a family, I think later.
It says that the siege will remain always a part of it, although the memory somewhat more weakly becomes each year.
I am happily that many people remember in the world yet our frights and we are so grateful for the aid, that we received of people in Great Britain and everywhere here.
If I see Online the photo of me, how I would climb back into the school, I think that many people see it for the first time, our catastrophe understand and contribute in addition that so somewhat not again happens.
The boy, that through the hail of bullets flea, in the opinion, let its mother be dead
It was its first school day (Russians go at 7 years of age into the school) and survived the three-day siege in the arms of its mother Tamara.
As seven year old, it said: "Mama said me, I should leave myself if there were an explosion, and hold" its hand.
After an explosion, it thought would die, it.
It said to it: "Course."
Full anxiety, it could be dead, flea it and saw on the way a crying infant, seized it at hand and flea through a hail of bullets.
Its father Wladimir, that closed its son outside into the arms, said: "Damir said to me that its mother had died.
It said: "I was not able to rescue" it.
In reality had stumbled according to Tamara outside and with leg injuries in the hospital, on their part in the acceptance, that its son had died.
After its reunification, it said: "I cried before joy.
I was not able to believe it.
It raced me in and embraced.
Damir was flown later to London (of the newspaper dissolved in the meantime News of the world) in order to received the title of a Barnardo's by the at that time premier Tony Blair and his wife Cherie it Children's it champion.
"This horror pursues you every day, but I wished, I could stop with the remembrance," said it yesterday.
But I can say that it becomes in my memory paler.
I know yet that I threw away directly after that all my toy pistols.
But now I can play computer game with shot scenes and am that for me no problem.
"I no anxiety before that have to return into the sports hall, but I do not think over me even after.
I do not remember created have these children, with whom I played in the yard, and that it after outside.
We never say that they were killed or are dead.
We say that they remained in the sports hall.
I remember very well my trip to London, especially at the toys store, where I was able to choose myself everything, what I wanted, and the trip in a vehicle open above.
But now it has anxiety around place such as the Ukraine where wars cause the type of misfortune, that it and its friends suffered.
This horror pursues you every day, but I wished, I could stop remembering on that.
"I am so sorry around all that, that suffer from the horror," said Damir, that worked past week as more voluntarily in a cloister.
I want to help so gladly.
I want to go one day to the police and hope that they will take me next year at the training academy.
Its mother Tamara, 48, said: Were "37 children out of our neighborhood killed, can imagine you that?
I remember gave lasted the terrible quiet after the siege, it simply no children who were able to call and run around, and this quiet many months on.
It remembers lively its trip to London with Damir.
The people in London cried when I told our story.
I understood at that time how people can understand our feelings on the other side of the world, and show its support.
It was Cherie Blair and its foundation grateful for the price and the possibility to travel in the autumn 2004 to London.
I wished, I could call Cherie and say its simply even that 10 years passed, but I remember still the meeting me its and its man in London, and helped myself like the Damir and.
I remember yet how Damir wanted to eat gladly borscht and they called all local Russian restaurants.
I remember how it played with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot raced with its water pistol on it and it away and played with it.
And that was only a month after the horror.
I was surprised us that the Britons divided so willingly our pain and supported.
It said: "I think always that this world in these 10 years became not better.
In the Ukraine, the war goes on now, and people die every day, and I believe that many children were killed become and yet killed.
Those are exact such children such as our.
I think that for many of the war a part of the messages is, that they hear, if they are bored or are busied with something other.
I know simply, what these people feel, the entire horror.
And I cannot stop therewith feeling that.
Did nothing change, still mutually want to kill itself the people and is that so sad.
Damir became large and is a very soft and quieter boy, he is not at all aggressive or furiously.
It does not search for example for revenge, it is not overwhelmed of the past horrors.
I know that he does not remember gladly on that, but he has go six close friends out of the class and it occasionally into the sports hall and ignite there candles.
When he was smaller, he suffered under that - I remember me how he put himself sometimes on the sofa, that turned away face of us, for hours.
Sleeping, its eyes were not open.
I remember also yet how it threw all its weapons and other military toys away. Damir is now 17, more largely than I, good-looking, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I was certain so some hours long, that it dead would be and I would see it never again.
When I came myself after the explosion recovered and on the legs, I looked around myself, and the hell saw around me around, with body part lying around everywhere.
I was certain absolute that my smaller boy impossibly could have survived in this hell.
"I remember me that I shouted it," Damir, run, run away", but I was certain also so that it had not heard me.
But it heard it and ran away it.
And so life goes on unlike that of many other, for us.
Georgij Ilyin, 17
The boy whose terrible picture became after the siege the symbol of the horror of Beslan
Comfort: The Beslan surviving Georgij Lyin with its mother Fatima after the siege 2004, to the right of a picture of Georgij today
Its covered in blood face was drawn of anxiety when it raced around its life, while Chechen terrorists its classmates shot down.
Its picture was shocking one of that symbols for the barbarism of Beslan.
Its mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had it for its first school day dropped before she loosely hurried in order to bring its older son Wladimir to the university.
"I left the yard about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and so remained my smaller boy there for three terrible days alone," remember it.
Very alone, there an entire family of relative of us was not, but they were killed everyone.
Only my Georgij created it, to survive.
The more closely this date moves, it is the heavier to keep in mind and to speak about that.
There is no single day at which we do not remind one us of this tragedy.
We do not think that it is long here, I my, it would have happened yesterday, pursue some scenes out of these days me continually.
No one ever will forget that, I promise that you.
Urgently: The picture of Georgij (to the left) was shocking one of that the attack and was immortalized as a statue (to the right).
I remember that Georgij wanted to go this day so gladly to the school. It said, it wanted embrace its teacher.
I knew first that it was alive, when I saw it on television.
And now there is even this statue of the crying Georgij in San Marino.
Georgij does not see the picture gladly, and it is hidden here at home in the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I my also that the people feel in the world our pain thanks to this picture.
Georgij says today: "It happened can important, that so somewhat never again.
"I doubt that we learn ever the truth.
The people examine such tragedy again and again and learn never the truth.
And now they examine the fall of this Boeing in the Ukraine.
Are we learned ever, what caused it?
This world becomes something terrible.
Can "I not understand how that is possible, for if you ask the people, wants to happen no one a war, therefore how that?
Ten years are nothing at all in such pain.
We need dozens of year in order to forget it a small few.
It attacked my health and feel I it still.
About three or for four years I had a couple of nightmares because of the siege, but then it became better.
I went later in 2004 again to the school and had every day anxiety.
I thought of my friends and classmates, who had been killed.
Therefore I go always into the sports hall if the 1st of September more closely moves.
I want to accord my my old childhood friend tribute.
It is heavy for me, in which sports hall to go, but I must do it.
I do not feel as a victim, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I bemitleide myself not.
My life goes on.
I locked this year the school and visit a medical university in Wladikawkaz.
I will become heart surgeon.
My first choice was an education in the army.
I wanted to become a soldier, but my health let that not to.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that is not happened.
Georgij Fanijew, 20
The boy who survived although he was caught on foot a homicidal terrorist
A miracle: Georgij Fanijew was caught during the siege on foot a homicidal terrorist, but it created it, to survive.
During the siege, it was caught in the sports hall and sat next to the bomb, that was secured to the foot of a homicidal terrorist.
It is actual a miracle that it was not killed.
"We feel it as if it would have been yesterday," says Georgij, that wanted to go as a secret service officer to the FSB, but this because of its health damages based on the siege do not do could.
It is still with me, it is nothing what I let behind me.
I am now older and the people say that children can handle easily bad experiences - I must say, that does not agree.
"2006 I worked with psychologist and felt after that actually somewhat better, but I cannot forget it.
And I would be forgotten gladly.
The first and only time was 2005 - in the year after that - that I went again into the sports hall.
I lost the consciousness.
I will not return and ask myself never again there you please to show you where I sat in this famous picture.
More surviving: Georgij Fanijew today, with a photo of itself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous and I carry it every day with me.
My friends never know that I do not keep in mind gladly or speak about that and it asked me about the school.
Physically it goes me good.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but I can run now well.
But because of my health, I was not able to study at the secret service academy of the FSB in Saint Petersburg how I wanted.
I have my documents, also the medical sent in and answered it that it would not be possible.
The animals were my second passion, therefore I went at the veterinary institute.
I have there already two years behind me.
It learns the treatment of all animals "from cats to cows".
It said: "I knew that I never would report my children of my experiences.
About that children should know nothing and obviously also should not suffer it it.
Its mother Marina, 42, said: "This pain never leaves me.
It is in my soul, worse if the anniversary more closely moves.
I will go to the ceremonies for remembering.
I know that Georgij will not go.
It doesn't have to be more violent for it yet much because it was there and I.
I waited at home for it and was not able to help.
I am God so grateful that he was returned me. Here in Beslan, everyone of them is drawn.
It remains in us.
Georgij is now an adult, but this horror is still in it.
It is heavily, to accept that if one somewhat so unfair strikes.
He is a boy, he likes sport, but he cannot participate because of its knee.
It was operated repeatedly, it can run, but can drive no sport.
I would say that it overcame the horror to 50%, but one can overcome and forget that never totally.
This terrible experience always will pursue us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed in the siege and that reinforces only my pain.
I lost many people, whom I knew well and who were expensive me.
My son is with me, and that is the largest gift that God was able to make me, but my heart cries around the killed.
I know of families, in which new children were born, but also of widows, who married never again.
It is to be accepted heavily that life goes on, also if one does not want that.
I never am forgotten how my heart burst in me, when I saw it in the hospital.
And now I see advances, what in the world - wars in other regions.
For what do these people fight?
Why are they killing itself mutually?
The war is not our country now very near and I can that almost believe.
Were we can be earlier a friendly country, how it that we fight now?
People and children suffer, I am certain that in the Ukraine already many children were killed and yet many are killed.
If we could grasp and throw out only all these rebels - so far away like only possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby that was carried so seizing by a special use command in security
Rescued: Aljona Tskajewa is brought (to the left) of a Russian special use command in security.
It is now ten (to the right) and remembers not at all the cruelty
The world stopped 2004 the breath when the baby Aljona in the arms of a Russian policeman was carried out of the siege by Beslan.
The terrorists let go it, but held its 30-year-old mother, the 10-year-old sister in its cruelty Kristina and its brother Makhar in the school sports hall back.
Makhar, at that time three years old, escaped died, but Aljonas mother and sister in the homicidal bloodbath.
Your father Ruslan married since then again and has a little girl with his new wife Swetlana that he named after its lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, today ten years old, remembers not the siege and is grown up to an intelligent and happy girl, say neighbors.
"You are are now a large happy family and Aljona and Makhar both magnificent child," says a close friend.
A fantastic father is Ruslan and wants to save them all the memories, that raise here with the tenth anniversary.
They will understand, why.
Man accuses to have run over girl on pedestrian transition in Fife
A 78-year-old man stands because of the running over of a three-year girl on a pedestrian crossing in Fife before court.
Gordon steward is accused to have conveyed a girl on the transition in Pittenween in East Neuk.
The accusation indicates, Mr. steward had driven its Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and had injured the girl.
Stewart, 78, out of Anstruther, contested the accusation before the Dundee sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC prepared the procedure for January.
4 Tips for better lower water photos and video
If you would like to make gladly photos or videos under water, there is a selection at devices.
The most low-priced option is a watertight Point-and-Shoot how the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an Action Cam such as the GoPro HERO3 + Silver edition, that both are to be had for about 300 $.
I received these photos in a family festival with several cameras, that are all to a price of less than 350 $ available.
There is independent of the equipment a couple of rules for the best results.
Control your equipment twice.
Also if you have a watertight camera, reassure yourself that the battery compartment and other specialties thickly are locked.
Adjust your camera also to the photos or videos, that you want to receive.
Some cameras and video camcorder control scene modes and reception modes, with which the exposure time is optimized for the dämmrigen lower water conditions.
And before you jump in, you test, into which depth your equipment is operable.
Some cameras are only for up to 5 feet allowed, other until 50 or 60 feet.
Search in our purchase leader and the estimations for digital cameras for conventional and watertight models.
If make multiple reception - because many will not work out.
Point-and-Shoot-cameras do not control a LCD, with which you can compose pictures, Action Cams normally.
Also if you have a LCD to look at is it difficult, this under water, and the correct picture attitude a matter of luck is.
Therefore you make many receptions.
If your camera controls a row mode, with which a row are made by receptions with easily changed exposure attitudes, you use it.
Remain near the surface.
The light will remove yourself dramatically worse, ever further you of the surface.
If you possible remain include in make therefore close to the surface, if you a pool, a lake or the sea.
Through it you can bring also more color into your photos; the more deeply you go, the less color you will see.
Approach close to the objects.
That is also at country a good advice, but it is under water all the more more important because of the bad lighting conditions.
It is very especially important if you work with an Action Cam: These devices control often a firm wide-angle lens, what means, that you should must poet at your objects up to, if these should fill out the entire picture frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort whose character changes things, even in such a gigantic organization such as the NHS.
As an advising anaesthesia physician, he dedicated suffer its career of the task, that both to save the Agonie of the illness such as the torments of the treatment.
Under its patient, remembers his wife, was a MI6-Mitarbeiter, who had to live with the devastating effects of tortures.
Lawson knew that the diagnoses and illnesses are important to the physicians, during the treated predominantly with somewhat entirely other busied are: Pain.
One day in 2007, it was however that whose life of suffering began.
"I did not feel me," wrote it in May this year.
I had difficulties to pull myself together up.
While it fought with the flu-like symptoms, it noted that it made his wife Juliet impatiently accusations.
"I wants all rather immediately than later", noted it.
When Juliet was for a week on a business trip, Lawson felt entirely unusual would prove and disturbs without reason.
Anything lay in the air.
It asked a colleague to undertake a x-ray investigation of its breast.
It had been only two weeks ago in the French Alps to the ski load.
The result of the x-ray investigation existed.
It suffered from Mesotheliom, an incurable cancer, that attacks the breast fur, therefore the skin covering the lungs.
How in most cancer diseases, the exact trigger is to be determined usually heavily.
While for example some smokers become ill with lung cancer, all lung cancer sick early smokers were not.
But Mesotheliom is differently.
In almost all cases, the trigger is an asbestos load - contact with the fiber building material, that once as a "miracle material" counted however in the meantime as deadly recognized became.
For that of us, Mesotheliom is a disease that can ignore how easily.
Asbestos is in the end a product of the past.
The most dangerous asbestos type was used in Great Britain since the '1960's no longer when the industry promised voluntarily in addition to use this no longer.
Where it yet was used, only people in certain industries worked directly with the material - plumber, construction worker, carpenters and shipyard worker for example.
As an industrial danger material out of another time it seems to be today hardly yet serious.
But this even contentment is inappropriate.
Great Britain, seems it, experiences today the highpoint of a Mesoltheliom epidemic.
There are more deaths through Mesotheliom here than in every other country of the world.
With altogether 2,500 deaths per year, many people die twice as at this illness as in traffic accidents.
Annual numbers of the Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and presumable future deaths in Great Britain
The reason why we experience the deadly effects now, although asbestos illegally has been for years (1999 became all asbestos types forbidden), is that that a Mesotheliom develops first after decades.
And the scourge of the Mesotheliom is not restricted on former worker of the building industry.
Asbestos was is, and frequently yet, in the houses available, in which we live, the offices in which we work, the schools in which we learn and the businesses in which we shop.
And therefore Mesotheliom knows no class barriers, financial boundaries, occupations or age.
The privileged bastions, of the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are no protection room.
The parliament buildings are asbestos contaminated.
Also in the hospitals, in which we should become yet healthy, were settled already as an exit herd of this deadly Karzinogens.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
It was also no plumber.
It fell it in the deed heavily to imagine where it could have come possibly with asbestos in contact.
Then it found out it.
"It looks so as if in the tunnels at the Guy's it hospital, where I graduated for six years my education, a quantity asbestos available was". wrote it.
All - students, nurse, physicians and doorman - use the tunnels.
Does one ask himself how many of my contemporaries will suffer from the same illness?
It unfortunately at least partially was able to answer this question.
"Of the four physicians, that at the Guy's it hospital instructed became, and that in the last five years at Mesotheliom of sick", wrote he 2010 in a letter, "am I the last, that yet lives".
How many will of us yet become ill?
In Andrew Lawson, Mesotheliom was diagnosed at the age of 48 years.
When it died on the 17th of February of this year, it was 55.
That was an unusually long over lifetime.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months after the diagnosis.
The illness ends always deadly.
We can repeat therefore only Lawsons question: Will "like many of us yet become ill"?
The leading expert of Great Britain to Mesotheliom, professor Julian Peto, supposes that between 1870 and 2050, if the asbestos epidemic in Great Britain will come presumably for succumbing, altogether 90,000 of the illness to the victim fallen be become.
That therefrom still have no idea in the moment that they will die so.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A short view of the acts of the courts, at which the concerned turn frequently because of compensation demands, shows how far the scourge of the Mesothelioms already is spread.
In June these years gave notice & Spencer for example to, Janice of all careless would prove stopped asbestos to have.
It worked for nine years for the chain, of 1978 to 1987 and was responsible over the clothing department at two locations - one of them of the Flagshipstore in the Oxford streets.
Mrs. All was first 18 years as when it began its activity in M&S.
Now it has two children in the Zwanzigern.
"Before this thing," says it, "I had heard never of Mesotheliom, knew I not yet once really something over asbestos.
I never would have thought that that would concern me once.
There is only a few people who know much over asbestos.
Fact is that the term asbestos a substance, but rather a group of six minerals does not relate itself.
The name stems of the word "Asbestiform", a description of the fiber structure that flexibly makes the material resistant and.
Three of the six were used in the building business.
Chrysotil, also as a white asbestos well known, is the asbestos by far most frequently found today in buildings.
It was used for roof disks, foot bottom disks, pipe isolation, boiler isolation, even for brake linings in cars.
It is less deadly as other asbestos forms, is looked at however nevertheless of the EU and the WHO as a "large health risk" with possible death consequence.
The brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith) is more dangerous however.
Great Britain was once that importer world's largest of brown asbestos, and experts assume that "there are clear, however indirect references, that these was" a main reason for the uniquely high Mesotheliomraten.
A colleague of notice & Spencer was stopped in the Flagshipstore in the Oxford streets, London, asbestos Alamy
Janice all did not see itself perhaps as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto points on that there that its story is unusual in no case.
It produced a study of the concerned, in which represented becomes, that "an essential share of the Mesotheliome became" without well known exposure through work or in the house probable through asbestos contact in the environment caused.
A large part of these contacts is based its statements after upon the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It looks so, as could no one therefrom go out to be certain.
A report of Goddard Consulting, that examined the palace of Westminster, shows how people could have been also in the heart of the government, unknowing the material exposed.
2009 reported Goddard that the service shafts and pipings had contaminated behind the from shot room of the parliament with asbestos, whose deadly fibers could be swirled up by air movements" "strong somewhat as harmless as.
Members of parliament frequently are accused to attend to its own interests, but here it sees so from, as would be true the opposite.
While the direction of the parliamentary community service existed on that, that the Westminsterpalast had received a "clean health testimony", it is in the meantime uncontested that 1 billion£work expense must be raised over several years in order to renovate the parliament, to modernize the electric installations and to remove the asbestos, and that after the general choices 2015 the delegates will meet probably sooner in the suggested QE2-Konferenzzentrum than on the green banks in Westminster.
The Goddard report referred also on that that "the existence became not" handled by asbestos corresponding to the respective determinations.
No one can know whether this Missmanagement life will cost.
All what one can do now, is wait.
A person, that the contact with asbestos never exactly determine was able to be Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
How Andrew Lawson the 50-year-old Abbott assumes that it was stopped during its work in hospitals the asbestos.
"I have in a hospital worked, in the asbestos complaint positively decided became", says it, "but I can it in my case do not prove.
It is so difficult to remember all places, at which one worked, and at the data.
On what it yet exactly remembered the day is itself beginning of December 2009 at which it got so a kind of fever.
It was 45, and an operation carried out just late evenings.
Suddenly I had violent shivering.
It came very suddenly.
I felt terribly.
I believed to create the trip home no longer.
As a physician, Abbott knew that the pains of the breast fur that stemmed skin around its lungs around.
But how Janice all it had no reason to assume a Mesotheliom.
It did not go a month to work.
Surprised physicians made x-ray of its breast and set Pleurakathether on in order to take fluid out of the lungs and to test in the laboratory.
Its troubles remained however without diagnosis.
Its health improved itself slowly, and it turned at its job back.
From time to time, the symptoms returned however, frequently after sporting activity and violent breathing.
A patient Abbotts with similar symptoms in its practice came 2011 and was diagnosed later with Mesotheliom.
But also now Abbott did not connect this with its own case.
In the end its patient was some decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011 deteriorated Abbotts condition again and its family doctor its CT Scans and x-ray to an expert group brought themselves.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott suffer had felt for the first time, was introduced a probe equipped with a camera into the cave between the rib fur and the breast fur.
I am an optimist.
I continue says usually simply," it.
Honestly said, had made me I not at all so many worries.
But Rachel, my wife, was provided.
The result of the biopsy existed in the week between Christmas and New Year: "One said to me that it was" Mesotheliom.
Graham Abbott: Diagnosis Mesotheliom
Suddenly had Abbott appointments with Macmillan nurse of which one recommended it to take itself a lawyer.
First now concept it the size of the epidemic.
"It turned out very far spread was, that asbestos, especially in large public buildings, in which pipes were isolated often with asbestos," it says.
The people, who were stopped the asbestos in these buildings, become ill now.
And so Mesotheliom encounters now younger people who did not work in the typical occupations.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos isolation in hospitals lay under the earth, therefore patients were not stopped probably sooner the material.
But many colleagues, who changed in pedestrian tunnels of a building in the other, (like Andrew Lawson) or in underground canteens ate (like it Graham Abbott often did), came with largest probability in contact with the poisonous substances.
It appears that over several decades after the war of hospitals for the patients possibly life rescuing were, but life-threatening for the treating physicians.
It yet is removed also today.
Students turned down its Bunsenbrenner on asbestos mats.
And it concerns not only hospitals.
Asbestos was used based on its fabulous isolating and flame impeding characteristics frequent in offices, businesses, libraries and city halls.
Also schools.
Actually many people had probably the first asbestos contact in the class room.
Everywhere in the country, in thousands of chemistry hours, turned down student its Bunsenbrenner on asbestos mats.
On web pages, the subject of asbestos in schools now frequently is addressed.
And meanwhile so innocent objects in our houses such as foot bottom disks or barn roofs contained standard moderate asbestos.
"It is an industry poison that in large parts of our real estate contained is," notes Andrew Morgan, that lawyer, who represented Andrew Lawson in its process against Guy's it hospital.
In a case, the single contact that occurred to a concerned woman was, the abstract of a garden barn in the 1970ern.
Therefore you pay attention how you dismantle your garden barn.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the illness is incurable, is immense.
A while lasts "to process that," says Graham Abbott.
I went again to the work and tried to make further, but I noticed that I was not able to concentrate on that, what I did.
I was two weeks in the practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and had to attend to me even.
Well yes, I no further christmas will experience.
With the largest difficulty, the telescope change of the position of a physician to that of a patient was.
He remembers patients countless how before it on that how overwhelmed he was by all the information, with which he had to come right.
"It was very heavily, to receive that everything," says it.
Did "I ask still have my physician" how long I"?
And one gave me yet about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "well yes, I will experience no further christmas.
It was that then"."
Mesotheliom is especially insidious because it is our life maintenance mechanism - the breathing itself -, that the deadly cancer causes.
Most cases of Mesotheliom are caused through asbestos contact.
Asbestos consists of smallest fibers.
If the asbestos is swirled up and the fibers are inhaled, they can itself in the breast fur, that skin fix around the lungs around.
Asbestos fiber irritate the breast fur and can release cell mutations.
"The problem emerges with the inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibers," so professor Tom Treasure, a heart-Thorax-physician who changed 2001 at the Guy's it hospital.
Exactly the hospital of which Andrew Lawson assumes that it stopped it the asbestos, is ironic would prove now, a leading center in the treatment of Mesotheliom.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some other that were stopped probably also during its education in the hospital the asbestos.
As soon as the asbestos needles reach the lung tissue, says Treasure, "become it of the breath process at the edge pressed where the skin is.
Inherently it is from the beginning invasive.
The usual options in other cancer diseases do not function in Mesotheliom so good.
The effectiveness of an operation is for example be named disputed.
Some my that it would be valued an attempt.
Treasure denies that.
"One cannot excise the breast fur," says it.
They get around with the knife not therefore.
Meanwhile the cancer does not address "on chemotherapy very well," that "effect shows", but does not heal.
"Sometimes there is long-term survival," says Treasure.
But at the end, they die everyone.
Fortunately some patients live actually long, much more long than expects.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
Graham Abbott fights two and a half years after its own diagnosis still.
After it had contacted Mesotheliom, came Abbott in contact with Andrew Lawson, that four years had become after its diagnosis an a-man-supports and consultation office for Mitbetroffene.
"Hello, cancer headquarters," imagined he in calls cheerfully.
"It was very positive," says Abbott.
It had received its diagnosis 4 years before and was still very active.
Originally Abbott had been offered six chemotherapy cycles, that would last four months and would extend its life presumably only by a month.
"I was doubted," say it.
I wanted to abandon.
Lawson created appear it however "the things light of somewhat more positive in one to let".
After the consultation of several physicians, Abbott, its treatment with prof. Loic long Lazdunski, heart-Thorax-specialist concluded to continue it at the Guy's.
"We had an advantage through it that I must not further reprimanded become, I called simply on and got an appointment," gives Graham to.
A normal patient would be received must a transfer and wait must for the permission of the treatment.
Money is decisively for Mesotheliom become ill in order to be able to perceive the best available therapies.
But if these treatments fail in the end inevitable, stand many concerned of another financial worry - over the future of the families, that leave behind it.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been since 1898 well known that asbestos is extremely dangerous for the health," says Morgan.
But what in the 1960ern changed is itself, that one recognized, that also a very slight load represented a health risk.
And here the negligence of the businesses began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's it hospital enclosed its case in the end, but it was not that, what names Morgan a "full compensation", because Lawson was not able to prove with absolute security, that be Mesotheliom on an asbestos contact at the Guy's it to lead back was.
After the investigation to its death, a speaker of the Guy's confirmed it however that "the asbestos fiber in the concerned cellar area in the 1990ern became" removed.
That was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How asbestos can be removed
It is actual for Mesotheliom become ill, that strive for compensation, an enormous problem to assign the deadly asbestos contact of a firm or a job - normally decade after the occurrences.
Many of its earlier employers were sold or closed.
Insurance documents can lost go.
And that that defend themselves against claims do not know that the time is for it, but very certainly with the complainants.
As a reaction on that there were this year clear new legislations, that it makes for Mesotheliom concerned simpler, to sue for a compensation, also if its earlier employers are to be discovered no longer.
The law arranged a fund promoted by the insurance industry of 350 million£for everyone, prove can accuse can that were diagnosed after July 2012, a contact, but no one.
In these cases, the complainants 80 received communicate can would have percent its, what a court in a normal compensation process them - about 120,000£.
About 300 successful proposing in the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks like so many Mesotheliom concerned that 350 million represented£a "very good work" of the insurance industry.
"That is a deal of insurers for insurer," says it, and points on that it concerns in this sum one-quarter its, what insurers should have paid, if the time were not passed over about that and Mesotheliom become ill could find the businesses and normally could accuse it.
Also Mike Penning, at that time work minister and pension minister, admitted that the law would not be "perfect".
But both Penning such as Morgan admitted that in view of of seven dead daily some fast actions would be necessary.
"The people suffer so very and need today aid," said Penning during the second hearing of the Mesotheliom law in December the past year.
At this time Graham Abbott has been for 19 months in the hands of prof. Loic long Lazdunski.
After its first consultations, long Lazdunski recommended an operation of which it expects in contrast a positive effect to Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied of a radiation therapy and a chemotherapy - a triple therapy with which long Lazdunski can present a survival rate over five years of up to 40 percent.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"That is natural with the most important," says Abbott.
One sees that again and again with patients.
There is there something what lets continue you.
If you abandon, it goes you very quickly more badly.
Graham Abbott subjected itself in March 2012 of the operation.
It had the end of August the last of the six chemotherapy cycles behind itself.
Nachsorgescans showed no sign at all of the illness.
Then I had in March 2014 a Scan.
There were several cancer spots around my breast.
I became just 50.
That is not life-threatening.
That is life concluding.
Again Abbott subjected itself six chemotherapy cycles.
Now no trace of the Tumore is more visible.
But the process is physical and psychically very strenuous.
They must think of practical things - over the money if I am no longer, for example, or my wives show how the boiler time attitude functions.
If you receive bad news, you become negative.
They must look forwards.
As a father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, is that not always easy.
"For parents, that is heavy," says it.
It is to be known heavy, what one should say and like much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I said to my girls that I would have an illness, with which I would not become old.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and impetuous.
It told got it its friends and we soon very many calls.
Ellie was more reserved.
It did not say much.
Such conversations are endure must somewhat, that all cancer patients.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte, such conversations are not gotten through of hope, not by a trace of hope for survival.
The illness brings (so like in conclusion also for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security.
How Andrew Morgan says, "Mesotheliom is not life-threatening.
Bodies of embalmed Pharaonen in asbestos clothing wrapped
Asbestos fiber that were used for the strengthening by saucepans and for a larger heat resistance.
Plinius the older describes asbestos.
It was developed a tissue that inflammable is not.
I have grease see napkin from that in banquet in the fireplaces.
The use of the modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy where it is used in order to produce paper (also banknotes) and material.
Important asbestos mine are opened in Canada and South Africa and shortly after that in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal isolation material for the steam engine and turbine of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production increases on more than 30,000 tons annually.
Statisticians of Prudential identify a premature death rate with which, that work with asbestos. These receive thereupon no more life insurances.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke states that asbestos particles in the lung are" "with no sensible doubt the head cause of death.
That is the first case of this type.
Kershaws employer, gymnast Bros Asbestos, receive no liability.
No compensation is paid.
During the second world war, ships are constructed intensively, one of the deadliest performance with asbestos contact.
Voluntary renunciation of the industry on the import of blue asbestos
A court of appeal confirms the first successful person compensation complaint in Great Britain because of contact with asbestos.
The global asbestos production increases on more than 4,213,000 tons annually.
Great Britain imports 139,000 tons.
A health executive and security executive in Great Britain obligates all firms that work with asbestos, to the license acquisition.
The import and the use of blue and brown asbestos are forbidden legally in Great Britain.
Each use of asbestos is forbidden in Great Britain.
The Mesotheliom law is dismissed in Great Britain.
A compensation program of 350 million£is announced.
Asbestos is forbidden in more than 50 countries, white asbestos is used to be sure further in many countries of the earth as a low-priced building material.
The worldwide production is about about 2 million tons annually.
China denies Hong Kong right on government choice, demonstrators swear reward
On Sunday the Chinese parliament decided in spite of the increased calls after democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the choices 2017 through the Hongkonger constituency.
This action fuels probably the long announced protests in Hong Kong business district while activists led the planning and mobilization in addition within less hours after the announcement into the ways.
The decision of the Chinese people congress permits it the communist leaders basically not to reject everyone of Beijing faithful candidate.
"That does not come unexpectedly, but it makes us yet furiously," said legal expert Emily tepidly, chairperson of the democratic party.
That is not that what had promised Beijing.
One designed the inhabitants of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we have to do it with an authoritarian regime.
In its defense of the Chinese decision, Li Fei, vice secretary-general of the permanent committee of the national people congress said that the allowance of public nominations would be in the choices for the Hongkonger government to "chaotic".
Since 1997 when Great Britain returned the control of Hong Kong the Chinese, promised Beijing let select the inhabitants from 2017 the government chair.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision of the Sunday as a democratic breakthrough because there are the citizens of Hong Kong a direct right to vote, but the decision makes also clearly that the Chinese leadership retains the flow through a nomination committee controlled closely by Beijing firmly in the hand.
After a new clause, only candidates "with love are supposed to be allowed moreover to the country and love to Hong Kong".
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest and audience most effective protests have taken place in Hong Kong for some years.
Behind the per democratic campaign in Hong Kong, the movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace whose organizers threatened therewith stands to seal off the finance district if Beijing allows no real general right to vote.
On Sunday evening hundreds of Occupy-Central-followers in the rain had met itself within less hours after the announcement before the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
In the demonstration, the organizers said that its movement had reached a new step of civil Ungehorsams and they planned protest waves in the coming weeks.
They made in addition however no nearer statements to avoid apparently around problems with the authorities.
In an Online communication, the organizers announced that the movement took "the occupation of the headquarters district only as a last means into consideration, an action that should take place only then, if all dialogue chances are emptied and no other choice exists.
It harms us to have to say that today all dialogue chances were emptied and the occupation of the headquarters district definitively will take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong prepared themselves for days for the announcement of Beijing, and intensified security measures counted on Sunday before the government building including police powers and barricade.
The unrest becomes through the feeling of many in hung Kong reinforced that they lose slowly the control of its city.
The train of people of the mainland reinforces the competition around products and services.
Moreover the fear are awake that the values of Hong Kong such as democracy and speech freedom begin to crumble under the growing pressure of Beijing.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy-Central-movement because it would endanger the business - the lifeline of Hong Kong -.
"The protests of which they speak could cause large economic damage, depending how many are involved on that and like long they last," said legal expert Regine ip that criticizes the movement for some time.
We want to stir up no fears that Hong Kong runs except inspection.
This impression is bad for investments.
The nationally controlled media China reported also recently over the democracy activists in Hong Kong as agents driven subversive by western powers.
In this summer, activists organized participated an unofficial referendum to the rights to vote, in which 780,000 people - more than one-fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July ten thousands took part at one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the story of the region.
The tradition of the diploma balls in the USA is transferred now to the universities where Freshmen entrances are offered with the private airplane.
We are happy to be able to react to this demand and to offer that the first luxurious trip service of Great Britain for students of today.
In order to be able to obtain an especially impressive entrance at the university, offers the business also carrier option such as private airplanes, rolls Royce phantoms, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart indicated also that the services a security branch would have.
An ideal alternative is these services for students, who would have to drive otherwise its meager possessions in a dangerously overloaded car through the country.
Together with our new VIF options, we are happy on that to provide this year that the students reach the university with a minimum at expense and a maximum at luxury.
A company spokesperson said that yet no new entries would exist, because the services just recently introduced become would be, joined however thereto that "students would book" the services in the next weeks.
The business announced moreover that it would expect in spite of the tuition fees of 9,000£per year a market for this offer.
Students today differ in its expectations and claims very of the students before 10, 20, 30 or 40 years - it is more importantly then ever, to make a magnificent first impression, and with VIF, one can exactly that.
The national student union criticized the services however as removed.
Megan Dunn, vice presidents of the NUS for high education said: "This offer seems separated totally from life of the majority of the students.
Many students, who begin this month with the study, see a crisis of the cost of living stopped itself because the available finance aids cannot consider in the form of credit and scholarships with the strongly increasing calculations to be the simplest bases of life step, before they can keep in mind generally to issue thousands of pound for so something simple like the arrival in the dormitory.
Feminists criticize race question and police behavior after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed beginning of this month of a police officer in Ferguson, Mo..
The participants lifted its hands into the air and sang, waited "hands highly, do not shoot," during it before the burial.
After two-week protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the Erschießung of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noted a change in the Online discussions of white feminists.
After its experience, white feminist commentators set the sex before the race if it goes therefore to address reproduction right and income inequality.
While the tensions in the mediator increased west however and received notice in the entire country, saw Perez that the answers of white women revolved to 100% around the race.
In that came the answers black women compare to shortly after the shots of the 9th of August the personal essays with title such as "thought to Ferguson of a white woman" and "feminism revolves not only around the suppression of women" comparatively late.
But for Perez, the one important variation meant.
"I do not believe that one finds in the feminism many people, who, over the white are and speak privileges on so hochklassige type," said it.
The people felt pressed in addition to express something to the occurrences.
It is characteristic of the crisis, in which we find us and because the situation is in Ferguson so ethnisiert, that they must express that.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of the Ohios State University brought Ferguson problems at the light, which black Americans are stopped every day, that however as a "woman subjects" in the cultural room are not observed.
"I can publish something funny on Facebook over me and my partner and get 150 Likes of everywhere here," said Mitchell.
If I post somewhat about, how colored in its own country stand under siege, the being quiet is deafening.
"How can it not be certain for women to speak publicly over a relation, but over security in the public room"? asked it.
For black women such as Mitchell, the race, sex and sexuality in the story of the USA studied have, gives it no Dichotomie between race problems and sex problems.
For it, black women had not the luxury to separate the subjects cleanly; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women connect now the subjects of races and sex in the feminist Mainstreamkreisen, says Angela Hattery, professor for women and sex investigation at the George Mason University that its predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 black men were lynched and was the establishment almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hattery.
White women had to be involved in the story in order to justify the lynch murder.
For Hattery, the split between white and black women came at the point, at which white fighters assessed for the woman right to vote such as Susan B. Anthony the country in the late years of the 19th century of analyzed and, that the battle was able to be successful for the right to vote only for respectively a group: Women or black.
"You made the decision to support the woman right to vote, and the right to vote for black later should come," said Hattery.
If one remembers such things, becomes one with power aware why colored women do not trust white women.
We made our job not well.
We never helped black women at the same time to protect its husbands and sons.
Also after women 1920 received the right to vote, it lasted another decade until white women against the lynching in the Association organized themselves of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching.
The group emerged ask for according to almost 40 years the original aid of sides of black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist reactions is on the questions turned-up by Ferguson - police behavior, race discrimination - a mirror of the time, in which white feminists played "catching" with the problems, with which black women sat down since generations apart.
Would it "not be control so seriously would take do" crazy, if the activists, that such traditional feminist platforms the right on upbringing of a child like it that with the right on conception inspection? asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second generation, that constructed its career on the fight for reproduction rights and the access to contraceptive means, try to understand now, what means that.
The well known white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks to the Erschießung of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pithy article of Rebecca Carroll, columnist of the Guardian in which she demands more protests of white Americans to the subject of racism.
"I hope that women, the one other, but parallel reasons for that have to understand a danger characterizing the body - and opinions to the race, that in public surveys clearly differently are - the variations cite become," wrote Steinem.
Although Steinem stands for one sooner intersektionalen feminism, in which race subjects just as as sex subjects are addressed, some of its commentaries are astonished to the race subject in America yet.
Did Christina in the summer, researcher on the American Enterprise institute and author of "Who stoles Feminism"? say vis-à-vis She The People that young men in the United States, especially young colored men, "far vulnerableer are than its sisters," to its earlier criticism stand however Steinems comments to Ferguson in contrast.
There is now hunderte of special programs for girl and young women, but almost nothing for boy.
But as the white house recently a small program, My Brother's it Keeper, put on in order to help vulnerable young black and hispanischen men, gave it annoying reactions of many feminists, under that Gloria Steinem.
The ratio of the police to that of the black Community is not the single problem that into the foreground of the Mainstreamfeminismus presses itself.
After the US boundary police took up almost 63,000 unaccompanied minor at the south west boundary of the country this year, also the subject of the immigration reform steps again at the surface - this time as a woman subject.
Andrea Mercado, Co chairperson of We Belong Together, an organization, who mobilizes women for the immigration reform, said that for a new view of the subject as an essential woman subject she had to publish solely the stories of the immigrant women.
"These speak for itself," said Mercado.
If the large majority of the work visas goes at masculine immigrants, are the women, who accompany it, in a position, in which they are susceptible for domestic force and exploitation.
"These stories find a reverberation in the woman organizations," said it.
"Pigs house" in Ipswich stands for sale
The picture of a for sale standing house was removed of real estate agents when clear became, that it a large pig showed, that comfortably had made itself it in the living room.
The vacant house controls a bedroom, lies at a private street in Ipswich and is offered for 120,000£.
To the details, an image of the living room of the house belonged - to that also a pig belonged that its head on a sofa bedded had.
Real estate agent Connells said, would be the pig on the photo the pet of the owner.
"The photo erroneously was published and was removed" said however in the meantime a speaker of the business.
In the exposé of the house, Connells described the earlier meeting house than a "unique detached house with a bedroom".
Although the broker removed the picture of the web page, it appears yet on advertising material.
The house sale provided in the social media for interest when some asked, whether the pig would be contained in the purchase price.
The SW city Harvey introduces after lottery profit a new millionaire
A lottery player out of Harvey is this month at it
The search for a new millionaire in the south west of Perth lasts, with a happy winner, who receives on Saturday almost 1.1 million $ out of the lottery drawing.
A newsstand in Harvey pulled the jackpot in the drawing of the first division for the second time in five years, after 1 million $ in November 2009.
The happy winner yet must report himself however.
The shopkeeper Steve Forward said, that profit would provide for conversation material in the small city in the south west of Perth.
The city speaks of nothing other, and everyone is excited rather.
We thought that such a profit could enter.
Eight WA winners celebrated profits in the first division in the past month, a proper conclusion for a couple of happy weeks for the players in the country.
In the past week, a player became out of Canning Vale of one of the five millionaire in August after a married couple had obtained the Megagewinn of 7.5 million $ out of Belmont only a few weeks earlier.
The victor couple had played for twenty years and said, the profit permits them the possibility of a world trip and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire out of Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the WA this year, with altogether almost 85 million $.
Leonidas asked into the gladiator arenas
Not only the gladiators stood knuckle deep in the sludge in the first Rhine stream Roman day in the leisure time park.
Yet the attractive force of the organization was strong enough in order to lure yesterday far over 1000 visitors, who let completely be enthusiastic the showers and the autumnal cold trotzten and of the historic spectacle.
There were a colorful round of representations, performances, games, display item and information about the time of the Romans and its meaning for the Rhineland.
Main attraction of the day was prepared undoubtedly the martial fighter troop of the gladiator school "Amor Mortis" that used each rain recess in addition, in that with soft sand to demonstrate arena its robust battle art.
Gladiator owner "Leonidas" proved to be a humorous and expert Präsentator and sent one after another its men into the ring to the heroic duel in different gladiator species.
First the "Provocatoren" were at the row with rectangle sign and short sword as well as leg rail at the left leg and arm rail at the right arm.
The "Essedarii" with breast sign, short sword and throw spear as well as iron gladiator helmet, leg protection and arm protection followed.
Especially impressively the entrance of the "Retiarius", that began with throw network, three point and dagger against the "Secutor" and knocked after short battle the fellow to ground, was.
There the swords crashed metallically together, that rattled signs and through the arenas flew the throw spear whirring, that an anxiety and anxious around the health of the gladiator become could.
Yet on that, the imposing had "summa Rudis", the muscular arbitrator, an eye attentive always.
"We wanted the Roman everyday life again revive let and the culture of the time of the Romans tangibly make", clarified Lorenz Euskirchen, chairperson of the organizer "circle of friends Roman canal", the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years preparation time, an "Oppidum Romanum", a Roman city became out of the leisure time park for a day how vice mayor Claus Wehage in its word of welcome assessed.
In the end the Romans brought not only war and conquest in our region, but rather also the Roman culture and numerous buildings that we admire yet today.
Remnants therefrom were also in the Roman day to marvel at, about "Aquädukt marble" of the eleven meter of high and 1400 meters of Roman canal bridge of long that stood some day in Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus company placed the water supply and energy supply system once and now vis-à-vis, and manager Petra Fricke knew: "We pull today yet utility out of the knowledge of at that time".
That confirms also diploma surveyor from Rhine stream team second" Ralph more reverently by the "engineer, that introduced measurement instruments of the Romans such as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra.
The Roman villa in Blankenheim presented sketches and models of the excavations anno 1894 as well as brick stones out of the original Hypokauste, that warm air heating, that heated once the Roman villa.
Impressively also the footprints, that had been left behind of wolf and fox two millenniums ago in the kick out of tone, before one burned this.
The office had dug up 2011 for ground monument care in the state association Rhineland the remnants of a Roman villa in the business park north in Rhine stream.
One had found envelopment wall of an economy building with a Darre for drying of grain and to the malt.
The building has probably to a villa Rustica, some agricultural goods, belongs, clarified the archeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A row of finding pieces out of these excavations introduced it in a glass display case, under that a large plate, several fine glass containers as well as parts of a graceful necklace.
The villa had existed probably of the first to the fourth century after Christ, to the idea of the Teutons in the at that time Roman Rhineland, assumes Morscheiser.
In its busied the children moreover with the Roman windmill game, similarly, or it its names with Metallgriffeln wrote themselves like once the Roman students on wax chalkboards to the current mill game.
At the state of the Römerthermen Zülpich, the children were allowed to put mosaics itself, were allowed to do handicrafts at the state of the glass museum Rhine stream glass mosaics and serve Eifel Nettersheim at the state of the nature center a heavy wheat mill out of stone in order to grind the flour for a Fladenbrot or a Müsli.
With the trip vehicle pulled original loyal reconstructed Roman by two Kaltblütern, the visitors went through the leisure time park and came at the same time also at the impressive state of the municipal secondary school past, that presented here the results of its "Romans project weeks".
With a Roman week of that 13th until 21st of September also the community will bring in itself awake mountain Roman year 2014 exclaimed into the rheinlandweit, that should remind one of death by emperor Augustus 2000 years ago.
Jointly with the homelands and Geschichtsvereinen as well as the Wachtberger wall society, the partnership society and the layman game circle Oberbachem, thematic hikes, a presentation, Kochabende as well as leaderships are offered among other things for school classes and remind one awake mountain of the Roman past.
At the same time for example a Roman Legionär will tell of its work on the drafty awake mountain, introduced plants as living monuments out of the time of the Romans and offered a witty scholar hour in things people understanding between a group of Wachtberger "Teuton" and closed Romans.
The Adendorfer elementary school dedicates itself in the frame of a project week to the Roman subject.
With the Roman week, the numerous traces visible frequently however no longer on the first view of the Romans in awake mountain again tangibly are supposed to be made.
In the Wachtberger city hall, a small presentation will remind one matron sanctuary in 1879 of the finding of the Berkumer.
Ebola: The epidemic burdens west Africa economy
The Ebola epidemic in west Africa is also a heavy blow for the economy.
Markets are been orphaned - and international businesses go on distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic transfers the economy of west Africa a heavy blow.
The harvest decays on the fields, that left are mines and the markets is orphaned - the virus heavily added the region.
Also some international businesses go already on distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but rather also an economic", judges the boss of the African development bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is concerned hardest
"It is a total catastrophe, we lose very much money", says Alhaji Bamogo, that on the second largest market in Liberias capital Monrovia clothing sells.
On the market comes only, who wants to buy groceries or something to the disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia is hit hard fell of the virus, however here the fever more than 600 people to the victim.
Recently the health authorities, that advanced would be illness into every angle of the country, explained.
Also in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria, the virus spread out.
Altogether already more died than 1500 people, cable would send stuck itself further on.
Foreign firms draw-off colleague
Everywhere in the resource rich countries, firms stop its business.
Foreign businesses such as the Stahlkonzern Arcelor with valleys draw-off its employees, several international airlines approach the concerned regions no longer.
Also the domestic dealers and farmers react: Only a few sales people yet its homeland places leave in order to provide supply.
In some zones in Sierra Leone and Liberia, that stand under quarantine, the cocoa beans and coffee beans important for the export decay among other things on the fields.
The farmers do not venture it to leave its home for the harvest.
Groceries become tight
"The people become always fewer travel", says Phillipe de Vreyer, Parisian expert for the economy of west Africa.
The man for example, who goes normally on the market and sells its vegetable, remains rather home.
The population gets to sense therefore the consequences of the epidemic directly and pressing: Groceries become tight.
On the markets, the supply fades at reason foods such as rice.
At the same time that threatens region strongly dependent on international firms an image damage - with far passing consequences.
Let the largest danger be that international firms avoid the area basically over long time, says Philippe Hugon of the French Think tank iris.
Decisively would be how far and like long the virus yet would spread out.
In investors, the impression could emerge, "that it is dangerous, in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia to live and therefore also to invest", warns Hugon.
The illness burdened also the strained country households of the countries
The illness burdened also the anyway strained country households of the concerned countries.
The Ratingagentur Moody's it fears that its budgets are strained strongly by the high editions for the health system and in addition by the self-deteriorating economy.
The African development bank promised already to assist the health systems of the concerned countries with 60 million dollars (45 million Euro).
The effects are noticeable also already in Nigeria where until now only A FEW Ebola cases were diagnosed.
To be sure the oil rich region in the southern Niger delta is concerned not yet.
Yet elsewhere already many people remain out of fear of a contagion home.
Also reservations in hotels return clearly.
Marksmen celebrate its 50th anniversary
The marksman societies "fir forest" Berngau celebrates of 12th until 14th of September its 50-year-old foundation festival.
At full speed the preparations run at the marksman society fir forest for the 50-year-old foundation festival of 12th until 14th of September.
Planned is on Friday, 12th of September, a large Unterhaltungsabend with the group "village of skirts".
On Saturday the large Böllerschießen will be at 18 o'clock.
Subsequently is in the large festival tent of the Stimmungsabend with the "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam".
Bubble chapel provides for the music
Highpoints on Sunday are the festival religious service and 9.30 clock in the parish church and the large procession at 14 o'clock.
In the afternoon also the price distribution of the alliance and Gauschießens is.
The 25 festival ladies with its Dirndln will be an especially beautiful view.
Festival chapel is the bubble chapel Berngau.
Mayors have the patronage Wolfgang wildly and Secretary of State Albert for field received.
The original label "marksman company fir forest Berngau" comes from the year 1907 when on the 21st of March the society was established to the "social support by means of practice in the Zimmerstutzen- and small caliber ski meal".
The NS regime had caused 1937 the solution of the society.
First 1964 were found themselves again 19 young men, who lifted the "new" marksman society on the 30th of April in the inn Lukas "fir forest" Berngau out of the baptism.
Karl March and Adolf reed led the society as a marksman master through a difficult beginning time, in which it went especially therefore to find a society local and to install the shoot business.
Already in the autumn 1965 started the marksman societies in the inn "Leininger" with two teams in the round contests.
In the following years, the sport marksmen, who were organized meanwhile in seven teams, established themselves, in all classes up to the 1st Gauliga.
The society records tumbled annually and the magic boundary of 380 rings became for the first time 1980 of Rudi Meier reached.
So how the efficiency of the active marksmen increased, also the member numbers positively developed.
After the society local "Leininger" sufficed no longer the claims of a modern marksman society, the at that time Vorstandschaft decided under the leadership of Johann Rinn in addition to create inn harden ice" into the cellar room of the new "country a future domicile.
After a performance of 2700 hours, minister Strasser gave the church blessing on the 8th of May 1988 for the new marksman rooms.
One of the large highpoints in the society story the 44th Gauschießen was certainly, connected with the solemn consecration of the new marksman flag in July 1991.
On that 23rd and 24th of April 1994 its 30-year-old foundation anniversary celebrated the marksman societies.
A Böllergruppe was established 1995.
Josef Schmalzl became Böllerreferent.
A large challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the society altogether the alignment of the Bavarian Böllertreffens 2005 was.
In many hours of honorary work, the society members in the past year modernized the rooms and the shoot plant in the Berngauer yard and brought therewith on the newest state of the technology.
Eleven teams in round contests
See let can also the sporting achievements the marksman society themselves.
Altogether presently eleven teams take part at the round contests: six air weapons teams, an air pistol team, a sport pistol KK1, a youth team and two AH team.
The 1st team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi degree and Kerstin cellar man climbed in the round 2013/14 of the Gauoberliga (highest league in the Schützengau ANB) into the district league 1.
The 2nd team with Verena moss castle Alexandra Meier, Eve shoe man and Tobias Graml climbed of the Gauliga north into the Gauoberliga.
Next to the shoot sport, organizations such as Bockstechen, carnival ball and king ball, society excursion and Christmas celebration have tradition.
With at the same time, the marksmen are also in the festivals in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers accident in return on the race track
Tony Stewarts return on the race track ended about on half way through its race on the Atlanta motor Speedway.
Stewart went be burst for the second time against the wall, after right front tire in round 172 and its evening concluded.
Stewart went its damaged car into the garage and left it without speaking with journalists.
Its team boss Chad Johnston said, its 14-member team would be disappointed, concentrate now however on the race at the coming weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wished, we would have had a better use and a better result for it," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and hope that we better can make it there.
Stewart went already earlier in the race on Sunday evening to a collision with Kyle shrub into a wall and had to repair let the right side of its vehicle.
"I am gone in today with quite good hopes for a good result," said Johnston and joined thereto: "It not simply worked out".
Long after the second accident was not loaded Stewarts vehicle into the tractor and had packed the team and was ready to the departure.
Stewart let sprint fall out three NASCAR Cup race after its vehicle encountered and killed another driver in an ash train race in the north of the country New York.
It concluded to return this week and to win either in Atlanta or in the next race in Richmond, in order to win a place in the pursuit.
It returned became led at its job, while an investigation the tragic occurrence, that to death of the 20-year-old Kevin Jr., examines becomes. This had stepped during a race on the roadway in order to confront Stewart.
The authorities announced on Friday that the investigations will last to the cause of the accident yet at least two weeks.
It was made yet no decision about whether Stewart must reckon with an accusation.
The triple champion was received with large approval when he was introduced before the race.
After a start at 12th position, Stewart had advanced already shortly after that in the first 10 and lay temporarily on place four.
After a new start in round 122, shrub ran
Vehicle with the no. 18 except inspection after the exit out of curve 2 and collided with Stewart whereby both vehicles went against the wall.
Stewart continued, fall back however on place 21.
Dance joyful new generations sought
Simply try: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and leader Lisa Neitzel (of to the left) look forward to comrade-in-arms.
How many other societies the full-time instruction makes to create also the jazz groups in the TV Jahn at the continuing schools.
After the summer vacation, some groups strongly decimated themselves.
Now new generation is sought reinforced for a sport, that healthy is and is fun large.
In both jazz and in a modern manner-Dance-groups of Lisa Neitzel, formerly dancer in the jazz formation and in a modern manner Dance formation "Spirits", are only nine children.
"Three in the group of the respect until twelve-year, six in the group of the twelve until 15-Jährigen", tells the 20-Jährige.
With more assets, that very clearly more joke would make, "one could entirely other choreographies dance", says it.
He who is in the mood for dancing, can Thursday between 17 and 18 o'clock or on Fridays between 17 and 18.30 clock in the dance sport room at the former hotel Meyer, free street 9, non-binding into the training hour sniff in.
"The training begins regularly with a warm up program", tells the trainer.
After that different choreographies are practiced.
JazzDance has gives and is the feature, that it no determined form therefore for many styles open.
Elements out of folklore over classical period to sport and Akrobatik are processed in the jazz Dance.
Naturally also the conviviality does not come too shortly.
"We go also once eating, look dance film and we have also already once in the dance room spends the night", reports Lisa Neitzel.
In the group, one could close friendships, could divide a beautiful hobby and do at the same time another entire quantity for the own motor development.
He whom jazz dance does not lie so, that can sniff in also in one of the other offers of the TV Jahn.
Children and youth can sniff in always Wednesday into the instruction in the areas child dance/jazz dance, Bambini ballet, videoclip Dancing and hiply Hop into the instruction.
The dance trainer is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are on Monday and Wednesday welcome to the dances.
He, who is in the mood for Discofox, slow waltz, Viennese waltz, Rumba, Cha-Cha-Cha and Tango, may view past and join in.
Bulgarian jailers protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison colleagues out of entirely Bulgaria organized a nationwide protest before the Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration of repeated it its demand for restoration of its old work conditions that were changed recently.
Also higher salaries stand on a demand list, that is supposed to be discussed with the interim attorney general Hristo Ivanov.
The officials have protested for a month symbolically against the new working hours and demand a return to the earlier 24-Stunden-Schichten.
In spite of the meeting between the labor union of the prison colleagues and representatives of the Justiziministeriums, no agreement was obtained, reported the national Bulgarian Ratio (BNR).
The negotiations last, divided the general director for the execution of punishment measures, roses Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest of the prison colleagues is supported presumably union of the employees of the Ministry of the Interior of members of the labor union.
Ukrainian army abandoned airport of Luhansk
In the east Ukraine, the per Russian fighters are further on the advance.
After heavy combats, at which nominally also Russian tank battalions were involved, has the Ukrainian army today, Monday that airport of the rebel stronghold Luhansk abandoned.
The army announced at the same time that in the past 24 hours seven soldiers had been killed.
The Ukrainian Präsident Petro Poroschenko had drawn before already personnel conclusions out of the heavy defeats of its army in the battle against the separatists and announced variations in the uppermost army leadership without naming details.
Per Russian separatist shot down airplane
In the battle against Ukrainian government troops, per Russian separatists shot down after own representation again a military aircraft and two military helicopters.
Approximately 100 soldiers had been injured or killed moreover in combat in the region Donezk, divided the rebelliouss on Monday according to Russian agencies with.
Ships of the coast guard sunk
The rebelliouss maintained moreover to have sunk for the first time boats of the Ukrainian coast guard in the Asowschen sea two.
The Ukrainian border patrol confirmed that two of its ships had run on Sunday in the vicinity of the harbor city Mariupol under gunfire.
At the same time seven Grenzschützer had been injured, said a speaker in Kiev 112.ua to the transmitter.
Two garrison members counted as missed.
Local media made responsible Russia for the occurrence.
The separatists of reported furthermore to have brought several villages in the zone Donezk under its inspection.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the white Russian capital Minsk, the Ukraine contact group meets today.
Next to representatives of the Ukraine, Russia and the OSZE, also an envoy of the separatist should participate on that out of the east Ukraine.
In the forefield, all participants used its entrances to the public announcement of its demand.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break its agreement with Russia through the planned stationings in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis.
NATO secretary-general differently Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday, NATO would comply with the foundation agreement NATO-Russia-advice of 1997.
NATO boss accused to be sure Russia of "a blatant breach" of the agreement.
"Today must we reality into the eye see, that Russia NATO not as a partner observes", so Rasmussen.
Out of documents and attitudes of Russian side would follow, "that it us as an opponent observe".
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen announced also to want to reinforce NATO presence in Eastern Europe.
A with NATO summit in whale to concluding "Readiness Action plan" would guarantee that "we more visible NATO presence in the East have become, as long as this is necessary", said Rasmussen in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new gas conversations
Russia and the Ukraine agreed according to official statements on new conversations to the settlement of its gas dispute.
The negotiations would be prepared for coming Saturday, said the Russian energy minister Alexander Nowak on Monday.
It would be waited yet for a decision of the European Union whether it would dispatch also a representative to the conversations.
Because of the dispute over the gas price, the Ukraine has got for weeks no fuel more from Russia.
Finally EU energy commissioner Günther Oettinger between both sides had mediated.
The Ukraine had warned, Russia could interrupt also the gas provision for Europe.
Europe relates round one-third of its natural gas on Russian authority whereby a large part flows through the Ukraine.
Merkel speaks authority: Maut will come "very clearly"
Now the chancellor confesses herself once again clearly in addition.
It is not a license for all complicated details however.
Stubborn objections out of the Christian Democratic Union against the automobile Maut have the Christian Socialist Union visibly ergrimmt.
Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel has would resist spoken an authority after continuous out of its Christian Democratic Union for the introduction of an automobile Maut.
To say "around it very clearly: It stands in the coalition contract, and it will come", said the party chief on Monday after sessions of the Christian Democratic Unions tip groups in Berlin.
On a detailed model, Merkel determined itself however first of all not.
In the blackly red government program, "certain parameters" would be named.
Federal Minister of Transportation Alexander Dobrindt (Christian Socialist Union) had made is continued work on" "a suggestion, and at that now.
The NRW Christian Democratic Union persists to be sure on its no to a Maut immediately on all streets.
Merkel emphasized, also Treasury Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (Christian Democratic Union) would bring himself constructive into the consultations for a draft of a bill on.
Over the subject out it had spoken with Dobrindt also over further possibilities to activate more private capital for investments in infrastructure, about also in the wide volume extension.
"There nothing at all is special at it". Schäuble had let on Sunday a "mirror" -report unkommentiert, be would test house an own draft to compensate around freeways investors with feeble revenue - after the choice 2017.
Christian Socialist Union boss Horst Seehofer warned thereupon before that to develop feeble drafts against the leading minister in the cabinet.
Christian Democratic Union federal vice arm Laschet strengthened its objections.
"The coalition contract went never therefrom from, all circles and main highways to bemauten", said the Christian Democratic Union regional chairman North Rhine-Westphalian.
To this extent let it be an important signal that Seehofer had announced now to speak once again over the subject.
Resistance against the plans comes also of the Christian Democratic Unions state associations Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Fears are background that a Maut impairs the small boundary traffic to neighboring states.
Seehofer had demanded coalition faithful because of the feeble criticism out of rows of the Christian Democratic Union.
The left looks at the plans in view of the dispute in the union as failed.
"The Murks Maut is dead", said party chief Bernd Riexinger of the "new Osnabrücker newspaper" (Monday).
"With the Maut, the minister" fails. Dobrindt wants to introduce a Vignettenpflicht on all German streets, that should start 2016.
Native car owners may be burdened according to coalition contract however not in addition.
Therefore they should receive a full balance over the motor vehicle tax for the Maut.
The model may not handicap foreign drivers however in accordance with EU right because of its nationality.
Genetic interference often incorrectly diagnoses
A Briton says, she thought as a consequence of a false diagnosis over many years that she would die.
Karin Rodgers lived almost its entire youth in the belief that it has to live only few years, after it had been diagnosed with another illness.
It suffered actually from the Charcot-Marie-Tooth-illness (CMT) - a group ererbter interferences that damage the nerves outside of the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK announced that false diagnoses are a frequent problem with people with CMT, because so few is well known over this illness.
About 23,000 people in Great Britain suffer probably from CMT, that can lead to motor interferences such as muscle weakness, an unsteady gear and crooked toes.
Sick suffer also from deafness feelings or pains. The illness is incurable and progressively, what means, that the symptoms become gradually worse.
When Rodgers 13 was, it believed that it would suffer from Friedreich Ataxie (FA) - an illness with very bad chances of survival.
Rodgers thought, it would sit in the wheelchair before it would become 18, and die before its 30th birthday.
The mother of two children who is today 51 years old said: "As a child I knew that I was not able to do the same like the other.
I fell down permanently and everything lasted with me more long.
I never was able to go roller-skate or Skateboard with the other children and became to go and to run in the school often because of my type gehänselt.
Rodgers said that it realized at the age of 13 years its sick document after several operations to the relief of its Achillessehnen and stretching of its feet, when its physician had and read leave the room, that it suffered from FA.
"I felt me indebted because I had been curious, therefore I told that no one, but I went home, searched for the illness in the library and wrote to the FA company," said it.
When I received answer, I was shocked and panicked terrible.
I thought that I would be with 18 in the wheelchair and with 25 die, and in between slowly all my capacities lose would become.
I settled that all alone with me and planned my own burial.
It said when she became 17, became its clearly that its capacities had not decreased so strongly, how she had imagined it and questioned its physician.
It rose me simply, and embraced and said, "my love, I believe not, that you that have, otherwise would be you now already in the wheelchair".
I believe, you have somewhat by far less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests was assessed in its CMT.
"As it explained, what CMT was to me, I felt, as would be I a winner," said it.
Charity CMT UK started a CMT-Awareness-month in order to make aware of this illness.
Rod sergeant a. D. Berni Diether works since the closing of the former military training area as fireworks
Since almost ten years becomes on the former military training area in Münsingen no longer shot.
Nevertheless ammunition death bringing in the heart piece of the biosphere zone emerges yet every month Alb Swabian.
The garnets are sometimes yet so dangerous that they must be burst on the spot.
A deafening crack echoes in the explosions over the heart piece of the biosphere zone.
The last sharp shot fell in December 2004 on the military training area Münsingen, that end 2005 was closed after 110 years of military business.
For this time the 6500 hectare of large area Alb Swabian the principal item the biosphere zone, that is opened on 13 expelled ways for hiker and cyclist, has been.
Tax load of businessmen in the room Washington climbs with the economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more Verkäufe and new jobs.
It means also higher taxes.
National and local tax replies for business in the country increased in the past year easily while the economic recovery sped up, such a newly published study in the past week, and the firms in the room Washington formed no exception.
Jointly 27.6 billions paid business in the room District, Maryland and Virginia $ at national and local places in the fiscal year 2013, a climb around 3.8 percent vis-à-vis the revenue of 2012 in the amount of 26.6 billions $.
The national and local tax burden of the businesses climbed in the past year around 4.3 percent on 671 billions $ on, in comparison with 3.9 percent per year before, and it was the third growth year in consequence after the replies 2009 sinking several years and 2010.
National taxes climbed more strongly at than the local duties, around 4.3 percent, so the study, that was carried out by the service agency seriously & Young with the center for national taxation, a tax politics group.
More than the half of the tax collections of the District, 56 percent, comes from business tax while 36 percent of the revenue Marylands come from business.
Virginia obtains the slightest tax collections with 28 percent out of business.
A large part of the climb in the tax collections is established in a recovery of the real estate values of the businesses, say the researchers, what led to an increase of the real estate tax around 3.7 percent per year after the three successive years with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
During a large part of these profits out of large countries such as California, New York and Texas came, seems to be true the flow also for the room Washington.
Business in the District, Maryland and Virginia 2012 - paid jointly a climb in the course of a year over 10 billions $ at national and local real estate taxes in the past year, in comparison with 9.6 billions $ around 4.2 percent.
But the apparent recovery in the real estate value is not in Maryland so effective in the increase of national and local tax collections because here the real estate tax amount to itself on tightly more than one-fifth of the tax replies of business.
Business in Virginia and D.C. pay almost the half of its national and local taxes in the form of real estate tax.
"In Maryland, following happens: a large part of the real estate, especially in the tax zone around D.C., is either in the possession of the government or of Non-profit-organizations, that pay no real estate tax," said Douglas Lindholm, manager of the center on State Taxation.
Maryland is forced therefore to depended for example much more on the income tax, around which to be able to offer same services, that other countries offer.
The youngest recovery in the tax collections through business cannot be assigned alone the recovery of the real-estate market
Business revenue seem to recover also, so the data.
Business in the region reported over income tax in country organizations of 2.3 billions $ in comparison with 2.1 billions per year 2012.
Maryland took 1 billion $ in business income tax on, the highest sum of the region.
During the trend into the same direction goes, climbs the local tax load for business not at all three places uniformly on.
The Anstiegsrate in the District corresponded with 4.3 percent while the climb in Maryland was clearly higher, 4.9 percent to the national average.
Only Virginia reported a below average tax recovery of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has the clearly slightest business income taxes (in all three gives it firm business tax rates) with 6 percent in all three jurisdictions.
The business tax rate in Maryland is about 8.25 percent and in the District in comparatively high 9,975 percent.
A comparable study of the US chamber at the beginning of this year showed that in Virginia slighter national and local business tax are demanded and altogether a better tax climate rules than in Maryland.
In the study, the District was not examined.
In spite of the advantages, Virginia is under pressure through its southern neighbor.
North Carolina dismissed laws to the decline of its business tax rates this year of 6.9 percent to 6 percent, that same sentence such as Virginia, and the sentence sink becomes in the coming year to 5 percent.
If the country reaches further its income goals in the coming year, this law could reduce the business income tax rate of the country until 2017 until to 3 percent.
In the meantime, it seems to go Washington better to the small businesses in the room, and they pay therefore more taxes national and local, so the youngest study.
Business tax, that as a personal income tax by small businessmen paid become climbed - a transition structure, after that most small businesses organized are - in the District, Maryland and Virginia in the past year around 20 percent on 2.4 billions $ on, a clear faster growth rate than the business tax altogether.
The researchers say that the trend and the climb will stop in the business taxes in the entire country probably this year, with an increase of the general more defense tax collections for the country and the local governments around 6.2 percent in the first three quarters 2014 in comparison with the same period of the preceding year.
Nevertheless the room could Washington afterwards lame if the edition abridgment of the Federal Government affects the labor market in the region.
Partner city: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - also in China a popular combination.
German beer enjoys an outstanding call in China.
Frankfurt it partner city in China wishes for now a brewery and hopes moreover for a flight direct connection between that both cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt it partner city Guangzhou - so the urgent wish of the officials in China reads.
"We would become us very be happy, if a German brewery in our city establish would become", said the vice party secretary of the south Chinese metropolis, Li Yiwei, in this week in the visit of a SPD delegation in its city.
Again and again the functionary of the reigning communist party China in the course of the conversation returned on this concern of the twelve-millions-metropolis.
Guangzhou, that is named in Germany also canton, would be one of the richest cities of China, advertised Li.
Therefore the people would possess also the buying power to be able to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairperson Thorsten shepherd Gümbel that the German politician delegation cited accepted the host, he would become herself in Germany after a possible partner for the project ask around.
"For beer needs it not much: good water, grain and joie de vivre", joined it in the lunch with the party waiter in Guangzhou thereto.
This joie de vivre radiates already Mr. Li, flattered he the host.
Thereupon the functionary knocked out of Guangzhou with shepherd Gümbel at - to be sure with red wine, that was served for meal.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao returns in German brow art.
Tsingtao beer is brewed after the German purity law.
More business
A second wish of the Chinese host would be a flight direct connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said vice party chief Li.
Lufthansa earlier had offered the flight, but had painted in 2012 for economic reasons.
"It would become itself again reward", appeared convinces the municipal politician.
"The business between both cities takes always further to".
Presently travelers would have to take the detour over Changsha in the province Hunan, complained Li.
Also the administration of the province Guangdong whose capital is Guangzhou hopes for the flight connection.
The vice governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, placed this wish in its conversation with the social democrats into the foreground.
"That is a very good idea", answered shepherd Gümbel - the Chinese vice minister Li Jinjun, an intimate connoisseur of Germany, nodded agreeing.
Cultivated partnership
The affable vice party chief of Guangzhou hopes that he can visit Frankfurt in the next year to a partnership meeting.
Li Yiwei was not to be sure already at the Main, but yet in this function.
It came first this year into the office after its predecessor had been conveyed because of corruption accusations out of the office.
Also the local party chief Wan Qinglian had to go.
The action against the functionaries out of Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against the corruption in party and administration that is put through by head of state Xi Jinping with hardness.
The new tip politician Li Yiwei had worked before its party career for an American business, what highly unusual in the communist party China is.
Before its assumption of office in Guangzhou, it was active as a tip functionary in Fujian where the car farmer VW erects a large work.
Frankfurt went in officially more than a dozen city partnership.
The connection to the 9000 kilometer away Guangzhou belongs to that, that are maintained by both sides, about with a student exchange.
In the past year, the 25-year-old existence of the German Chinese connection was celebrated.
The south Chinese metropolis at the perl river is there with its economic strength almost as strong as entire Hesse.
In the next year, it wanted reach a gross domestic product of 250 billion Euro, reported Li.
Family of Joan Rivers "presses the thumbs"
Joan Rivers is since its delivery into a hospital in New York city three days ago unconscious; its daughter appeared however today hopeful that the 81-year-old comedienne of its illness recovers.
"Thanks for your continuous loves and support," Melissa Rivers said today in a communication.
We press all the thumbs.
Your mother became according to sources on Thursday after an emergency because of heart standstill in a clinic at the upper East Side, York villas Endoscopy, in which Mount Sinai delivered hospital.
The physicians hold it intentionally sediert and under exact observation until they are more satisfied with its condition, that further than "seriously" described becomes.
The reactions came hitch-hiked of many sides, also in form of an overwhelming Online support of Donald, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaners and increasing wages
For cars and vacuum cleaner, that come from today into the trade, more severe environment standards will count in the future.
Similar to refrigerators and washing machines, new vacuum cleaners of the 1st of September receive at a label, on which the buyer can recognize data central on a view such as the energy efficiency of the device.
For new cars, "Euro count in the pollutant class 6" sharper nitrogen oxides values.
Moreover there is more money for the scaffolding farmers: That receive a nationwide uniform minimum wage of 10.25 Euro.
Amazon buys Twitch for 1.04 billions $
AMAZON confirmed just now, what had reported on Monday morning to information: The Online retailer - and video maker, and a multitude other things - buys the video streaming service Twitch for 1.04 billions $ (970 million US$).
The announcement does not come surprisingly, because no one had expected an acceptance of Twitch, but rather because largely assumed became, that YouTube would acquire the business.
Three months ago it looked so, as would be the sale thing concluded by Twitch at the video service of Google for a cool billion, and the collaboration appear also naturally.
Twitch, that was established only three years ago as a Justin. tv, was started as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead it became fast a platform for player, who wanted its Bravourstücke in games of published, a "YouTube for live games", such an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let's it play", a video genre, in which know-it-all give that (usually older) games an Anstrich of secret science theater, are chosen on YouTube already very.
It is just so that YouTube often is named, if one wants to describe Twitch, therefore the message became that YouTube Twitch wanted to buy, somewhat bored received, a textbook example of an established technology business that buys up a potential competitor.
It is a riddle why the deal with YouTube did not come into being, because the business was ready according to reports to pay just as much like Amazon.
All, what we know in the moment about that, is these statements of Emmet Shear, president of Twitch: "We decided us for Amazon because they believe in our Community, they divide want to help us our values and long-term visions and it at the same time to arrive" more quickly there.
A further secret is, honestly said, the incredible follow from Twitch.
For snob such as, that explain that it dear sport to watch drive as at the same time to grasp is it heavily, the attraction, that assumes to watch other in the playing instead of even the control console into the hand to take me.
It is a thing to view a friend at 3 o'clock mornings over the shoulder while it slinks through Resident Evil, and somewhat entirely other to watch, a spinner at the same time, how he is shot 20 times one after another in Call of Duty into the head.
You now just could look at all these games.
Another problem lies therein that many of the most popular games are today egos games, therefore the watching can be without own control of the view perspective a really good prescription for headache.
I admit that the fast conduits, in which the Roger Bannisters of our electronics age graduate games entire in record time, are, entertaining.
But as long as a game masterly or humor masterly is not there, its Twitch canal is probably not so very interesting.
But what do skeptic such as I know already therefrom?
Twitch is called of 55 million different visitor per month and is that source fourth largest by Internet traffic tip.
And how exactly does Amazon want to make from that money?
It is heavy to imagine that Twitch is integrated so elegantly in Amazon Instant video, how YouTube Twitch simply would have been able to swallow.
But Twitch has something what would have each business gladly: Thousands of young men, who are courted as advertise customers.
How the chairperson of Twitch, Shear said,, Amazon and Twitch both "believe in the future of the Gaming," and the medium does not show no signs of an atrophy, yet once - swallow - as a spectator sport.
On the hop castle in the castle garden festival was happening at the Saturday a few things.
The draft of the organizers agreed.
In spite of the strong downpour on Saturday evening approximately 1200 music fans to the opus-Air-festival in the castle garden came.
Occasionally the entrance had to be stopped.
"That was annoying", said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salt frond l light and joke.
Out of two Spanish words, Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem formed the name Amula.
Brightness should for that opuses Air in the Salzwedeler castle garden at the day and in the evening through various shows radiate.
Well, and the joke comes anyway of alone.
That appeared already from the early Saturday when the first visitors to the opus Air opened themselves.
The organizers had promised a festival for all generations.
And that is arrive them.
All around the provision states on the castle garden meadow had itself it Salzwedeler, but also guests out of the nearer and further environment cozily made.
They pursued the first live entrances, wippten with the foot in the tact, wetted cool drinks - shortly: Relaxation pure and enjoyment were announced.
And that diagonally through the generations.
During itself the one sand white on covers on the extra angekarrten at the beach bar lümmelten, other itself at one-quarter wine in the Vinothek labten, raged the new generation on the hop castle, that was a large attraction point for the smaller guests.
But also in the child make-up, the voluntary helpers in the truest sense of the word had all hands fully to do in order to become the press gentleman and to do magic imagination full creations into the small faces.
The larger used the Kickertische or were involved in a Skateboard workshop that the Goodfoot Crew aligned out of salt frond.
Until the large rain came.
Shortly before 17.30 clock, it beat down sought on the visitors, above all families the expanse and dry.
This did yet the attractiveness of the festival no discontinuance.
"It came more people than expects", said Ron Sem, that spoke about a "success on the entire line".
Therefore would stand a repetition of the large party in the coming year toward nothing.
Although at contents and size of the Events yet worked will must, Sem in a first balance made on Sunday vis-à-vis the people voice clearly.
As annoying it designated that meanwhile the entrance had to be stopped.
Obviously the security firm had been booked with too little powers.
The consequence: Many that already had paid came no longer on the terrain.
The resonance had been very good.
In a first careful estimation, the Salzwedeler with organizer of about 1200 visitors, that romped about in the castle garden, spoke.
There was problems in the tone technology.
The Salzwedeler hiply-Hop-volumes Blocks`n`Rox interrupted unnerves its entrance therefore.
The technicians were not in a position, to create a half-way sensible Sound.
The planned Shisha Lounges could not be constructed because the tents could not be brought because of a tire breakdown after salt frond.
"In the next year become it however at the same time be", so the organizer.
The premiere of the Amula-opus-Airs was of the numbers of visitors more than arrive.
And that in bad weather.
To be sure the organizers committed some mistakes, removes will must, that yet are forgiven in the first time, but in the second levy.
Also in the social network Facebook, the organizers must put away criticism.
"Sorry, but for twelve Euro has one simply more expects", expresses itself Melanie Meier on the organization side.
"You have you unfortunately a little received", means Ele carpenter at same place.
Others do not see the initial problems very so closely.
I find it very good that many not only stupidly talk nonsense, but rather also really try to place something on the legs.
Hat from"!, writes Stephanie Jenß to the Amula.
Now a year time remains the organizers in order to turn down these points of criticism.
New Radom in Berkum: Awake mountain symbol shrinks
That is as expected not so.
Rather the ready lying component waits on that to be used into the marked building.
The action stands in the context of a larger measure: Almost 50 years after erection of the space observation radar TIRA the cover that renews so-called Radom, completely becomes.
The new Radom will be somewhat smaller with a diameter of 47.5 meters than the old.
The size remains however still world record.
The last step to the completion of the new cover is the cap exchanges
The upper quarter of the old cover is detached and is decreased with a crane.
After that the last quarter of the new cover is mounted.
As far as the weather plays, the action should go at the beginning of this week over the stage.
Participant in the Ice-baked wrenches itself-Challenge jaw
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screamed so very when its icy water was poured over the head, that it injured the bone structure of its face.
These Ices-baked went-Challenge painfully beside it.
A woman was delivered into the hospital, baked screamed had after she in the Ice--Challenge so very that she dislocated herself the jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain kreischte so very when its icy water was poured over the head, that it injured that its face structure.
"The water was so cold that I screamed, and during I the deed, my jaw remained simply stand," said it vis-à-vis The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts some seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but that did not go, that jaw hooked was, and then I understood that somewhat did not agree.
My mother and my sister saw that also and made themselves before laughing almost into the pair of pants, but I must into the emergency ward.
The 20-year-old from Great Britain was delivered into the hospital, participate the jaw around itself after that to let on Tuesday again einrenken in the viral trend.
The Clip became an Internet sensation and thousand fold on Facebook and Twitter linked.
Will the castle societies pull soon again at a cord?
Finally there was again and again quarrel between both wolf advice houses castle society.
Now the boards of directors think about a possible collaboration.
As an example for the reconstruction of the wolf advice houses castle the deceased Richard Dimbath, former chairperson of the wolf advice houses of castle friends, the project in the French Guédelon cited.
Yet a year ago no good climate between the castle society and the castle friend wolf advice Hausen ruled.
Expressed differently seemed the standpoints previously how with the story the wolf advice houses castle and a possible reconstruction is supposed to be gone around.
Now move both warehouses on each other to: Discussions about a joint action are supposed to be led already soon.
The society boards of directors confirm that Torsten Sjöberg (castle society) and Herbert Piffl (castle friends) on demand of our newspaper.
"I have Mr. Piffl called and proposed, that we us once put together could", reports Sjöberg.
In its opinion, all members of both societies could pull in the future again at a cord.
So more quickly visible successes are to be indicated.
While the castle friends had around the suddenly deceased Richard Dimbath until finally a reconstruction of the castle at the mountain forest in mind, the "development and Erlebbarmachung" of the terrain stands for the castle society around Sjöberg at frontmost place.
Herbert Piffl, second chairperson of the castle friends, was happy according to own statements about the call very.
Since Dimbaths death, it projects the castle friend.
A new chairperson is supposed to be found in the middle of September in a member meeting.
Momentarily the society counts according to the 74-year-old of approximately 40 members.
"After death of my friend Richard Dimbath we have rest let" the society activities out of respect first of all. This phase" "think had been necessary go on could" in order "to consider, how it.
According to Piffl, the new chairperson should go then into the conversation with the castle society.
Until there, the castle friends could make themselves also a current mood picture within its grouping.
There is a candidate for the chair momentarily not yet, says Piffl.
"But I am confident that someone becomes" be found. He himself does not want to run for office because he has its residence in bath Tölz.
The new chairperson should be a wolf advice house.
The Tölzer wanted at the project "but very gladly further cooperate".
The different standpoints in things reconstruction will exist remain in the eyes Piffls probably in next time.
It lauds Dimbath as a "missionary", who believed always in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is no air lock.
Through a high participation of the population as well as through voluntary helpers out of all world, let they be a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "Also I was sceptical at the beginning.
But in the course of the time, I arrived more and more at the conviction that it is meaningful to push the project". An "all attitude feature" could be created for the rafter city.
Here there is yes nothing else.
Moreover the project would be through EU subsidies, visitor ticket and potential sponsors affordably, believes Piffl.
I want to throw" "the idea of the reconstruction personally therefore not simply over board. It hopes that the castle societies in this point perhaps something moves.
Whose goal to document, the story first of all, "is important and good".
After that one could expanse observe.
Clever ways for saving in university textbooks
Because the costs amount to more for university textbooks for many students than 1,000 $ per year, the almost second semester student considered mat Schroeder a clever save idea.
It invented a lend system for books of students of higher semester and offered a nominal compensation on in order to delay the back sale.
"My mathematics book costs normally 180 $, but I got it for 10 $ for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-Keks," said Schroeder, 19 that the Covenant College in Georgia visits.
The books necessary for the last semester would have cost it 430 $, said it.
It issued 120 $.
The Collegeleitung announced, that students in the average issue more than 1,200 $ annually for textbooks and study material, that there would be different costs damping option for the students however.
Online stores and creative approaches such as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of the choice for the students.
The renting of textbooks becomes more popular, and so students long can use a book a semester, frequently to a clearly more favorable price than in the purchase.
Neebo Inc, that operates more than 250 university bookshops, announced that the renting of text books had doubled itself since 2011.
Surveys in the industry show that about one-quarter of the books in the College bookshops in the past spring semester was rented, said Neebos vice president Tevor Meyer.
Less than the half of all textbooks Association will disturb bought after statements of the trade union nationally of College in campus bookshops.
Here the multiplication table is for the best deals.
Online buy
Some new books cost Online only one-third of the price for which they are to be had in the campus bookshop.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost 290 $, can be related however in the specialized textbook retailer Chegg. com for 239.99 $.
Needed buy
If one the notices of other or normal use traces settle nothing, needed books are a good option.
"Calculus" is needed to have on Chegg. com for 93.49 $.
Dully Casaday, 25, conclusion student at the Brigham Young University, says, issued has that he on Amazon. com 42 cents for a needed edition of "Strategic media Decisions: Understanding The business End of The Advertising business".
The book was sold newly for 48 $.
Academician such as Ingrid Bracey, leader of the University of Massachusetts at the Amherst College OF Without rampart recommended students to inquire at its professors whether earlier editions would be allowable.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the term papers.
In such cases, older editions can be acquired often for a fraction of the costs for the newest edition.
Except Chegg and Amazon is helped also. com of eBAY Inc a popular alternative for needed books.
Rent
The renting of textbooks is not a consideration appraise if you treat it somewhat well, on that think to return it and you the books after conclusion of the course retained would want.
They can save more than 80 percent of the costs of a newly bought beech.
A student could rent for example "Calculus" for the duration of a semester for about 20 $.
Inform yourself about the determinations of the business in that you rent, also over the punishment fees, that occur where appropriate for the letter of notices, lower deletion or use traces.
Tenants paid attention: If you do not return the book, the punishment fees even can exceed the price of a new beech.
E Books
Also E Books instead of conventional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes these books are rented de facto in that an electronic license is allocated for a certain period by distributors such as Amazon. com, Chegg as well as Barnes & noble inc.
In Chegg, one can rent "Calculus" for 6 months for about 61 $.
Bracey says that students in literature courses find frequently the best offers, because many classics can be downloaded nowadays free of charge, while scientific and engineering textbooks can be very expensive.
In any case look around.
Joe Gault, 29, that soon the Pepperdine Law School will visit, recommends the ISBN number for the price determination in books because one can be certain so to find the correct textbook.
And before an Online order, one should test, so Gault whether the book is actually available.
It learned this lesson on the hard tour.
It bought had and paid a book, that four weeks delivery time in the end the full price in the College bookshop.
Why "Guardians became no box-office hit of the Galaxy"
"The Expendables 3" of Sylvester Stallone balanced out less than 30 million dollars of its 90 million dollar budget in the USA, during" Sin city: A lady to Kill For" solely 12 million dollars of its budget of 70 million dollars balanced out.
The film tailored on Cameron Diaz "sex Tape" balanced out easily made disappoint 14.6 million dollars at the opening weekend solely, during child film such as "Drachenzähmen 2" also in the revenue.
An article of the telegraph film critic Robbie Collin indicates that in the child film the lack of quality could be in the films themselves the reason.
Collin designated 2014 as a "the worst year" previously for child film and described easily made "Drachenzähmen 2" as pure" functional" Fantasy continuation.
Target group somewhat older in films for one seems it however so as if the quality of the films is not unconditional the problem.
In July Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore- and Metacritic estimation for every summer film start, that was shown between the American Memorial Day and the 20th of July 2013 and in the course year on at least 2000 linens.
The results rely on the opinion of the movie theater visitors and film critic and point on that there that this year's film hits which are the past year equivalent.
Some commentators my that the development is to be attributed to self-changing see habits and the growing popularity of web-streaming-services such as Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, that works presently appearing Dschungelbuch film at Disneys soon, said Hollywood vis-à-vis the web page reporter: "I believe, the times change".
We must accept and not try that to follow the past.
In contrast to the presently weak cash register results of the Hollywood productions, Netflix obtained most recently revenues with the streamings contents in the amount of 1.2 billion dollars, almost twice as much like in the past year, in which the revenue 837 million dollars amounted to.
In the last summer, the director criticized Steven game mountain the film studios that it too very on filming of comic strips of concentrated itself and prophesied a "kernel enamel" Hollywoods.
In the light the present downswing seen argue some commentators that its gloomy prophecy could contain thoroughly a true kernel.
Based on that in the summer 2015 to expecting potential box-office hit, under that Avengers: Age of Ultron, min ion and Jurassic world are other representatives of the film industry however more optimistic:
The maker of X Men, Simon Kinberg, described the decline of the cash register results recently as simple "cyclic" and said reporter vis-à-vis Hollywood: "The next summer will be the largest summer at the movie theater cash register generally, and no one will worry" more around the business.
When some years ago the 2nd table tennis district class was painted for the purpose of tightening up of the league arrangement, that was a step into the correct direction.
Now table tennis alliance took the Germans an additional 3rd national league into the program.
The consequence: He who did not climb, is descended.
So torpedo class highest team in the second division expulsion avoided Göttingen to be sure the descent, plays fünftklassig in the coming season however only.
Viertklassig remain torpedo ladies, in spite of its grandiose through march into the regional league.
The boys and girl of torpedo start in the Lower Saxony league, just as as the boys of the SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and the torpedo reserve begin are represented in the new association league, in the country league no Göttinger club more.
At the ladies, the TTV Geismar in the association league, the torpedo second in the country league plays.
What like a better district class looks of the composition, is now the new district second division south.
Here TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, begin the FC Weser and the TTC.
In the district league allude as regional representatives Dransfeld and the SC Weende, in the district class of the TTC II, red white, of the Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III. The district second division of the ladies begins at least in Sollstärke.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are here with of the party.
In the district league start run torpedo III and satisfied Hausen/Wöllmarshausen up.
With nine teams apiece
The SC Weende sends its girls into the small district league.
Also the district league squadron of the SCW boys - there starts yet torpedo II - is not complete.
In a district class, Geismar, Tuspo Weende and the Bovender SV go into the season.
In the first season of the newly-founded region association start both Göttinger circle leagues with nine teams apiece.
In the west squadron are the red white II, Bovender SV III, tepid stream II, torpedo IV and V, MTV Grone, Dransfelder SC II, Miele Hausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the east squadron, satisfied Hausen/Wöllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen play among other things.
The lady circle league consists of satisfied Hausen/Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and the SG Rhume.
That is always even better than in the circle Osterode where it on circle plain no ladies at all gives teams more.
Incidentally, that none of that six 2 reaches. circle classes Sollstärke, here the Innovative and umtriebige circle board of directors will have to make themselves already once thought.
Nato summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend, there was protests of opponents NATO of summit in Newport.
On Saturday hundreds in the center of Newport to an Anti-Nato-march met itself.
On Sunday about 150 people in Cardiff met before the city hall there in order to hold off a so-called against summit.
Stephen Fairclough pursued for us the developments at the weekend and spoken with demonstrators, who traveled out of Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenagers out of the Blue Mountains flown off
TWO youthful shrub hikers were brought with the rope winds in security after they were caught the night over in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
THE 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man broke shortly after Sunday noon in Govetts Leap in Blackheath to its tour up.
Concerned relatives called by approximately 20 o'clock the police when both home returned were not.
A Suchtrupp out of local police and rescue services broke open and the couple became by approximately 23 o'clock in the vicinity of the Bridal Veil waterfalls found.
The girl had injured herself at the knee and had fallen the man and had opened its head.
Rescue powers remained overnight in the couple, and they were flown off on Monday tomorrow.
They were delivered in stable condition with an ambulance into the Blue Mountains hospital.
Escalate government hostile protests in Pakistan
The approximately 1000 demonstrators had been pressed by soldiers out of the PTV building, said information minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The transmitter had received the radiation after well a half hour again.
PTV director Athar Farooq said, the demonstrators equipped with canes would have damaged devices in the editorship.
Dead or injured were not reported.
The demonstrators demand the resignation of the head of the government for which they reproach choice fraud.
The police announced removed had come, round a kilometer of the residence of the prime minister Nawaz Sharif it on Monday again to collisions of approximately 3000 demonstrators with security forces.
After hospital statement, a policeman was injured.
At the weekend, at least three people were killed and more injured become than 500 when demonstrators tried to advance to Sharifs residence.
They demand the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called on Sunday evening after a session in the army headquarters to a political solution of the conflict, "without time to waste and without force to use".
Further it was named in the communication: "The army remains obligates its roll to guarantee" the security of the country.
The escalating force stirred up worry before an intervention of the military, that has in the past of already frequent geputscht.
The protests cited by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri last since the Independence Day on the 14th of August.
Sharif rejects a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had called its followers on Sunday in addition, await from.
"We will not return, without Sharif to the resignation forced to have", said Khan.
Qadri expressed itself similarly.
Khan reproaches Sharif to have won the parliament choice in May past year through fraud.
Qadri demands the resignation of the headquarters governments and the province governments.
Then a transition government should reform the choice system and should exclaim reelection.
More than 40,000 security forces are in the use in order to protect the government quarter.
The demonstrators had awaited from first of all peacefully before the parliament until Khan and Qadri called it at the weekend in addition to advance to Sharifs residence.
Hütteldorfer after second season victory on place three of the table.
With the 2:0 over Grödig has for rapid a bitter week on Sunday a conciliatory end taken.
"The victory is very freeing", said trainer Zoran Barisic whose team had reached with that out of in the Europes League on Thursday a between depth.
"The sense of achievement was uncannily important", confirmed captain and scorer Steffen yard man, who with green white on place three ventured.
Schrammel dream gate brings showed rapid on victor street rapid with the second season victory the correct reaction to the disappointment against Helsinki and goes with a sense of achievement into the country game recess.
"We wanted a positive reaction show", said outside defender Thomas Schrammel that with its lovely leadership Volley of the Sechzehnereck in the 14th minute that has yield placed on victory.
"I have me thought, I chop the entire frustration of the Thursday purely and schnalzte it under the slat", meant the 26-year-old smiling.
When Schrammel had encountered on the 13th Novmember 2010 to the previously last time in a national league party, that was yet for reed.
The first championship hit in the rapid Dress will remain it therefore in special memory.
"For me is the somewhat entirely special, I am yes out of the rapid new generation", said Schrammel.
Based on the short-term basin wound of Mario Pavelic, Schrammel of the left moved on the right defensive side and made also there its thing very good.
It has enough experience that it can exercise this position also mirror wrong.
He earned himself the gate, performed he this year already some Assists", praised Barisic.
Team shows delivered character Schrammel also the flank to the 2:0 through yard man after a good hour, that brought in the end the decision.
For before that thoroughly also the guests would have been able to write down.
"God would be thanks to have we today some good fortune had", noted also Schrammel, that alluded therewith on the gaping apart of achievement and result in the past weeks: "The results did not agree, but the playful was always good in comparison with the last year".
Barisic found even that one had been "in many games before better than today" - against "the strongest team, that in this season in this stadium played has".
The first Dreipunkter for 26 Julies had proved therefore that the team structure would be the setbacks to the defiance intact: "Today my team showed that they has" character.
For it not few pleasantly: "That we have" played finally again to zero.
Much work during country game recess also the circumstance that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger several losses are to be lamented, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl as well as Philipp Schobesberger gave its start eleventh debuts, would make the victory yet more valuably.
"One may that do not forget", warned Barisic, that lost in the past three days with Behrendt and Pavelic player, "that were recently very stable".
The country game recess would have to be utilized therefore, around "wounds to lick and in the physical area a little to gain", declared Barisic that five U21-Auswahlakteure in its rows has.
Captain yard man is one that the recess comes probably especially lain.
He tears up himself for the team, goes over pains about that.
Just in this heavy phase, it showed, is that it for us a very important player", established Barisic.
Yard man gave the game Rapids before its substitution in the 68th minute not only the structure, but rather also the second gate obtained.
For the 33-Jährigen, that its 350th national league game graduated, it has been the first hit out of the game for 2nd of November 2013 (4:2 over the Admira).
Yard man: "May not believe, is certain" had must come that now all well "we also a little good fortune, but sometime the good fortune also to us back.
Now it was highest time", said yard man.
It warned to be sure to concentrated continuing work on: "One that may not always black and knows see.
We last week not so badly played in that how that was represented.
We not however also may believe that now all is good.
It was not able to challenge the meaning of its roll for the team.
It is yet a very young team that I can help in the moment very.
That comply in certain phases yet with me at", said yard man.
Grödig coach Michael Baur had itself and to reproach its team few.
It regretted the fast against hit "out of the category magic gate", as well as the regular gate of utility in the 40th minute, that had been denied of arbitrator Kollegger to wrong.
The single accusation, that I am make can the team, that we were not direction gate in some phases concrete enough.
There we had too little conclusions.
Interior defender Maximilian Karner saw it similarly: "It equally badly began, however purely found we and made even a gate.
In the large and entire would have been more inside.
Under this tree top, quiet rules
We showed a powerful tribe in our riddle task of the summer series "Mein piece of the Rhöner good fortune" at the past Friday.
There is several of these tree giants yet in the district, the portrayed copy is the "Geißruheiche" above of Unterweißenbrunn.
An uneven footpath leads up oak to the approximately 600 years of old.
It goes past at paddocks, basalt stone pile and basalt stone seas.
A bit beneath the quarry of the farmer mountain, a kilometer north of the street after manner stream, there it stands.
Vital the nature monument looks juts, it over the other trees of the environment out and reminds one with a circumference of more than eight meters of an American giant redwood.
A small Buddha on a tree stump points on that that it concerns a spiritual or mystical place.
Yet in spite of intensive investigation, there were solely references to the name origin.
Dr. Wolfgang tailor consulted extra the Bischofsheimer archive and questions older people out of Unterweißenbrunn in order to learn, which Bewandtnis has it with the Geißruheiche.
The result of its investigations remained the quite sober explanation for the name.
Accordingly its animals of Unterweißenbrunn should until about 80 years ago the goat shepherds out of on the laborious cleared and of stones freed meadows driven have.
At the foot of the tree, the animal hats exhausted by the ascent should have rested itself.
In the meantime the area won its meaning back, for on the meadows meadows actually again goat stoves.
The area was explained moreover to the kernel zone of the biosphere reservation, found out tailor further.
In the entering of the stone aggregations, one should let happen let however caution, for the basalt warmed up by the sun is also for cross otter a popular whereabouts.
A footpath leads of Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, that lies however somewhat hidden.
Further ways are marked, that ascend direction Hochrhön and invite to an expanded hike.
Where does the moated castle stand?
A moated castle, that is sought in our next task, is to be found to be sure in the height sooner rarely.
The reflection in the ditch gives already a good impression of the building, but we have constructed some historic in the district, to which the Gebäudekonterfei could fit.
Where is our "piece of the Rhöner good fortune"?
My piece of Rhöner good fortune
How in earlier series of the Main postal service in past years, there is, to win also this year again prices if they have the correct solution.
He who photographs even gladly, can join in also.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt@mainpost.de, you can send us the solution and also your entirely personal "piece of the Rhöner good fortune" under this cue.
The most beautiful photos are published.
After for weeks tug of war, premier and officiating EU chairperson, Matteo Renzi, against strong conservative resistances put through Italy on the EU special summit past week the nomination of its Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini as a boss of the EU foreign policy, becomes you successor of the Briton Catherine Ashton.
Renzi regards how the pro-government daily newspaper La Repubblica represents, the calling of its Mogherini valid also in the government team as favorite as a strengthening of the position of the social democrats and its own in the EU.
It expected therefrom also a buoyancy for its "reform package" in Italy.
Finally Renzi does not hope to place therewith also the party basis rebeling left again and again against it quietly, for Mogherini is assigned this - if also sooner in moderated manner -.
Opposite the conservative representatives with commission president Jean Claude Juncker and the Poland nominated as advice presidents Donald Tusk becomes, so the prevailing opinion in Rome so that a political balance produced.
For the boss diplomat of the EU becomes simultaneous representative of the commission president Juncker.
The yet being outstanding approval of the EU parliament counts as certain.
Otherwise president of the state Giorgio Napolitano would have named the nomination of the 41jährigen politician of the reigning democratic party (PD) probably hardly an "important recognition" of the roll of Italy in the EU.
La Repubblica spreads optimism that that be equal to for almost two decades in leading party offices proved and for its ambition well known Mogherini the "enormous challenges".
The native Roman is married and has two daughters.
Your party career began merged itself the graduated Politologin 1996 in the youth organization of the at that time Democratici di Sinistra (links democrat), that 2008 with the Catholic center party Margherita to the current social-democratic PD.
Mogherini became 1999 for three years vice president of the European Community organization of Socialist Youth (European boy socialists).
With the choice 2001 into the party advice of the links democrats, it got into into the high party politics, worked in the department foreign policy whose leader became it soon.
It occupied traditional focal points of Italian foreign policy such as the Near East, became through studies NATO use in Afghanistan, at which Italy with a troop unit is involved, well known, maintained the contacts to the social democrats in Europe and to the democrats in the USA.
Since 2008 it has been member of the delegate chamber in whom it is expert for defense and European and international matters.
When Renzi became in February 2014 premiers, he called Mogherini to its Foreign Minister.
If the PD has today again a better relation to the strong peace movement in the country, that contributed voices of the party to that over 40 percent in the EU choices in May, would have how in PD circles noted becomes, Federica Mogherini a share on that.
The remonstrance in Brussels, the new EU outside delegate too little diplomatic experience has, false it therefore at substance, is countered in the PD.
In Brussels, distrustfully realistic accents Mogherinis become, above all of Poland and the Baltic members, pursues the crisis in the Ukraine and defames friendly course" as a "Russia.
They advocated transported will should the pipeline operated by the Russian firm Gasprom South Stream, over the Russian natural gases under evasion of the Ukraine directly to southern Europe, what serves also the energy security of Italy.
After Renzi had begun in July its tenure as an EU chairperson, Mogherini to its first state visit traveled to Moscow.
Photos, that showed it with Putin in the Shake hand, were included in Brussels with rebellion, just as that it invited the Kremlin boss to a Milan for October economy summit.
Altogether nine young people began on Monday its education in emz Hanau in Nabburg.
Under that an Azubi, that already before another education in the business locked, is.
In four education occupations, the new colleagues are future active: Electronics (three trainees), Mechatroniker (two), tool mechanic (two) and procedure mechanic (two).
All Azubis come out of the district swan village: Tobias brown and Thomas Bücherl out of Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer out of Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer out of nine castle before the forest, Felix Domaier out of Oberviechtach, Daniel carefree and Sebastian teeth out of Pfreimd as well as Ferdinand Strebl out of Teunz.
The new trainees visited before intermediate schools or secondary schools and secondary schools.
From Wednesday to Friday, the trainee of all years as well as the instructors to a Teambildungsevent go to Oberammergau where among other things one entire day hike and Rafting stand on the Inn on the program.
The business counts throughout Germany 435 and worldwide 950 colleagues.
The number of the trainees over all years distributed amounts to 27.
The socialists in France should hold "the mouth and bring France in order," said the most important ally of Francois get countries.
Mr. Valls called the deeply split left in addition to show "its love" for the disputed socialistic president, whose cabinet reshaping bumped into disapproval at the large majority of the Frenchmen.
The president earns jedermanns respect, he earns our loyalty, he earns our support.
"It is our duty to remain at its side," said it in large applause.
As a soothing gesture, the prime minister existed on that that its government the controversy 35-Stunden-Woche 35-Stunden-Woche hours 35-Stunden-Woche week in France in spite of violent demand for of a loosening of the regulation of sides Emmanuel Macrons, that would not question new Secretary of Commerce,.
On Saturday gentleman of get countries had called its with socialists urgently in addition to appear "unitedly" with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, that attorney general, scattered believe in would take sand into the transmission, in which she appeared in a meeting of disloyal more socialistic delegates and the socialistic party criticized, that it the Frenchmen "that its future".
Navy Le Pen, that far to the right of standing leader of the national front, mocked the permanent street battles of the socialists and said that she could not imagine, that the new Valls government would hold out more long than a couple of month.
The emperor is Francois get countries without dresses, but prince Manuel Valls has also no, they are forced to form a new government if the old survived not even a summer.
"And the new will not survive also the autumn or winter," said Miss Le Pen vis-à-vis supporters.
It repeated the call of its party after a solution of the parliament and said to follow it would be confident, in remote choices as a victor and be ready to the government.
The reigning party of France suffered a defeat in the municipal elections in March and the to the right arranged national front was about the EU choices ahead in May.
A survey in the Sunday newspaper journal you Dimanche yielded that 76 percent of the Frenchmen of the opinion are, that the socialistic party of the danger is stopped to decompose before the end of the tenure of Holland 2017 into several competing parliamentary groups.
Pascal Perrineau, a politics scientist at the Sciences behind university, warned before that that the Frenchmen would lose quickly the patience, if the new socialistic government would obtain no improvement of the economy and the record unemployment figure.
"There is a small window for possibilities, but the public opinion quickly must feel that the things change," warned it.
Otherwise the situation could deteriorate itself further.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before a deal with prestige Cruises of 3 Mrd $
Norwegian Cruise Line holdings Ltd NCHL. O, the third largest cross load supplier of the world, leads advanced negotiations to the acquisition of the competitor prestige Cruises according to connoisseurs of the industry internationally Inc for about 3 billions $.
A deal would give Norwegian Cruise, a business with a market value of 6.8 billions $, access to the luxury cruise ships of prestige Cruises as well as to its wealthy clientele while it stands with larger rival such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL. N) and Carnival corp (CCL. N) in the competition.
A unification could be announced already in this week, said the sources on Sunday and warned that the conversations however also futilely could end.
The owner of prestige Cruises, the private-Equity-company Apollo globally management LLC (APO. N) possesses also a share of 20 percent at Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked therefore to be able to remain anonymous because the negotiations would not be public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and prestige Cruises did not answer on ask for commentaries while a speaker rejected a commentary for Apollo.
The business introduced in Miami Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on route between North America, the Mediterranean Sea, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was 2013 about 2.57 billions $, a climb of 13 percent in comparison with 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also in Miami established, acts under the brand name Oceania and regent, the jointly eight cross load ships on route to Scandinavia, Russia, that Mediterranean Sea, North America, Asia, Africa and South America operate.
It reported revenue for 2013 of 1.2 billions $, a climb of 6 percent in comparison with the preceding year.
The cruise industry is altogether about about 29 billions $ and in the next years is expected for it based on the strengthening of the middle class in threshold countries such as China and India.
The businesses try to position themselves for these new customers as the best choice at the cruise suppliers.
Prestige Cruises applied for the stock exchange listing in the US regulating authorities in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority stockholder in the business since a 850 million $ deals 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was caused in its present form in 2000 by a fusion with a cruise supplier in the possession of Genting Bhd (GHENT. KL), a leisure time conglomerate and casino conglomerate under the inspection of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested 2008,1 billions $ in Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went in January 2013 at the stock exchange.
Genting held the end of June according to allowance authorities 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 percent of the shares and the private-Equity-company TPG Capital LP a share of 8 percent at the business.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise control jointly loudly that of the original proposal documents for the stock exchange listing of prestige Cruises 82 percent of the passenger capacities in American cruise ships.
Per-Hong Kong-activists convict China at the day after the choice decision.
A Beijing faithful group swung the Chinese flag in the vicinity.
The permanent from shot of the national people congress dismissed on Sunday an outline law that allows solely two or three candidates for the leadership choice in Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must obtain first of all the majority support of a nomination committee, that is occupied presumably with Beijing faithful members.
Through this decision, it becomes for opposition democrats almost impossible to be allowed to the choice and caused per-democracy-activists in addition, its threat true close and to paralyze with "Occupy Central" -protests the finance place Hong Kong.
Political reforms are for some time a disputed subject in Hong Kong; and the party leadership China fears that the calls expand after democracy on other cities.
After the publication one Beijing white book, in which the predominance China were represented over Hong Kong in June, democracy activists held off an unofficial referendum to the choice procedure in the special administration region, with which hundreds of thousands marched into the business district of the city, and there a Sit in organized.
Lis inquiry is organized of the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese connection office in Hong Kong.
The deputy chairperson of the right commission of the permanent committee, Zhang Rongshun as well as the vice director of the office for matters of Hong Kong and Macaus of the country advice, Feng Wei, should be questioned in the course of the day.
Student-like activists announced to meet themselves in the afternoon before the office of the leadership tip in Hong Kong.
Great Britain planned no democratic elements to the final stages of the 150-year-old colonial government in Hong Kong.
Putin demands the reception of "Staatlichkeitsgesprächen" with the east Ukraine of Kiev
The Russian Präsident Wladimir Putin according to demanded Russian published reports on Sunday that the Ukrainian government adjusts the battles against the separatists in the East of the country and directly with negotiations to that-ness" receives "national the disloyal region.
Its speaker Dimitri Peskow placed later clearly that Putin not therewith had meant, that the zone standing under the inspection the separatist of the east Ukraine would become a part of Russia, but rather that status newly are defined become would must vis-à-vis the Ukraine in order to give the russischsprachigen region the power to the representation of its rights and interests.
Putins proclamation at the Kiewer government to negotiations at eye level with the per Russian rebellious fits however to the strategy five months ago apparently pursued by it since the beginning the riot: Aid for the separatists in the taking in of zones and pressure on the Ukrainian government in order to enable the newly proclaimed region Novorossija factual independence for an alliance with Russia instead of with the west.
Putin convicted in an interview with the national television station canal one the Ukrainian military campaign to the back conquest of the zone held by separatist in the eastern regions Donezk and Luhansk, that were taken in in March and April, after Moscow had rummaged annexed the Ukrainian peninsula on the 18th of March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently the taken in zone as a "Novorossija" or "new Russia" designated, a concept that reminds one of the before revolutionary heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin referred on that, that all that, that are attack hope caught" in the course of the campaign of Ukrainian politician for the choices on the 26th Oct and during government groups civil communities in the zones held by separatist for early peace conversations "in its illusions, Itar Tass reported.
"We must receive immediately detailed conversations, not only to technical questions, but rather also to the political organization of the company and the country status of the south east Ukraine in order to preserve the interests of the person living there," said he.
Peskow said, refer to seen become would must that Putins the national-ness in the context with the larger autonomy, that is discussed for months by the Kiewer leadership, in order to disperse fears in russischsprachigen zones that its cultural and linguistic rights would be endangerd.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the eastern zones the necessary autonomy, said Peskow.
It concerns here not negotiations between the Ukraine and Russia, said Peskow, "because it not around a conflict between Russia and the Ukraine concerns, but rather an internal conflict in the Ukraine".
The clarification of the Kremlin speaker to the correction of that "false interpretation" of Putins comments unterstrich the claim to leadership of Russia in the contact with the separatist rebellion in the East in contrast to the direct Annektion of that rummaged, on which the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have far larger difficulties to annex the regions Donezk and Luhansk in the east Ukraine because that of the 6.5 million inhabitants are no Russians and surveys yielded out of the time before the conflict a wide majority for the whereabouts in the Ukraine.
The autonomy, that was addressed by Russian diplomat on international forums, would give give the regional governments in the Ukraine authority own trade agreement and outside relations to negotiate, and so the Kremlin de facto the control of a zone, that connects rummaged the Russian country zone with that.
The five months ago annexed peninsula in the black sea is the homeland harbor for the large part of the Russian navy as well as an important trade harbor and historic coast region.
The regions between the Rostowgebiet in Russia and that rummaged is in addition rich at mines, factories and foundry, that produce important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian Präsident Petro Poroshenko proposed in its speech to the inauguration on the 7th of June that the Ukrainian legislation - after reelection - additions should consider to the constitution, with which the respective zones a larger control is cleared of its finances and the status of the languages.
But its presentation of autonomy seems in sharp contrast, to which the Kremlin and the separatist rebels to stand, whose armament is reproached and for Aufstachelung Moscow.
Request last Putins at Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders at eye level, followed after a further advancing of the rebels in the past week after Russian troops and tank are penetrated over that peaceful region along the Asowschen sea into the east Ukraine previously.
The separatists supported by Russia the first step of a campaign to the acceptance of the strategic coast region received rummaged is in the hand stroke, that of security officials Ukrainian according to fears to that, the inspection by Nowoasowsk.
For this reason massive civil and military preparations started in order to secure Mariupol, a steel industry harbor with 500,000 inhabitants, that lies rummaged between Nowoasowsk and the narrow access to the peninsula.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday in a meeting of the EU leadership in Brussels and asked urgently for deeds in order to prevent a further Russian aggression against the Ukraine, an earlier Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We stand shortly before a point, at which it gives no back more," Poroshenko warned.
Troops strange thousand and hunderte of strange tanks are now on the territory of the Ukraine.
The EU summit concluded no concrete actions, that leadership demanded the design of further sanction against Russia that should step in an unspezifizierten escalation of the Ukraine crisis effective.
Ukrainian soldiers must themselves of its positions in Ilowajsk retract after two Russian tank columns and 1,000 soldiers penetrated last week into the Donezkregion in order to support the belagerten separatists, said colonel Andrij Lysenko, speaker of the Ukrainian national security advice and defense advice reports on Saturday in Kiev.
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who were included by the Russian idea in Ilowajsk, were exchanged on Sunday for 10 Russian paratroopers, who had been taken a week ago on Ukrainian zone caught, Lysenko divided on Sunday with.
Naked photo scandal around Australian Promis and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey of noblest made no Hehl around its vexation at hacker, who stole probably naked pictures of its fiancees Gabi Grecko and a Who is Who of the A Promis from Hollywood.
The film city is in excitement after a series of unambiguous photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a Hackingskandal emerged around Promis on the Internet.
The hacker responsible for that controls probably 60 naked photos by Lawrence, star out of "the tributes of Panem" and of superstars, under that the Models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea me yard as well as the actress Kirsten vapor.
Of the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, and Grecko out of Melbourne became nominally also private photos based on an iCloud space public.
On the list, 101 Promis stand.
Noblest, the month last itself with Grecko engaged to marry had, said vis-à-vis Confidential: "It is repulsive".
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that private information can be stolen and can be transmitted at others.
Grecko, at present in New York, said according to a message web page that the hack would be "shameful" and to reports that the concerned felt "injured".
The hacker has probably 30 pictures of Palmer with its ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, under that two receptions in which it lies above without in a pool.
To the film works Palmers belong is "love invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck star Strahovski and the actress Browning out of Sucker Punch were not available yesterday for commentaries the hoed pictures to.
A representative Lawrence' said vis-à-vis TMZ: "It is an abominable injury of the privacy".
Actors Seth censured convicted the hacker in its Tweet: To post "hoed pictures out of a mobile phone is nothing unlike the sale of receiver good".
Purely legally seen should the Weiterverbreiten stolen pictures does not tolerate become.
Cyclist, jogger and hiker were yesterday in the 8th cycling on the large field mountain there and supported therewith the society "aid for cancer sick children".
The tour that was for some a torture represented for the other an easy training.
In one, all were themselves however united: It was fun.
Thomas Studanski might have slept past night well.
For for the first time in its life, the boss of the Oberurseler brow house went yesterday with the wheel on the field mountain.
For the good purpose.
It easily can put away the small charley horse there, participate brought would have especially since it that in the 8th cycling on the large field mountain for the benefit of the society "aid for cancer sick children" (Frankfurt) also personally a valuable insight.
A crazy thing.
"I know now that I can that - prime"!
Small recess underway in the applause curve?
Nee if I had stopped once, wär's it out of been...
How Thomas Studanski, that sits for the Christian Democratic Union in the Oberurseler city parliament, many of the 718 participants tormented itself yesterday in the early cable too mountains and came the exhaustion near, but happily on the plateau on.
It fell other on the other hand more easily to overcome the well eleven kilometers of stretch long between high mark and field mountain.
Norman Dießner for example.
The green politician appearing entirely in red out of the circle day - red Dress, red Bike - made is at the start something else on Understatement ("a lot of pro, there arrival the goal"!), proved then however at the mountain yet to be because of pro and went to 45 minutes without shortness of breath by the goal.
Also it is passed through the stretch in a landslide how also Nina Kuhn, press officer of the city Oberursel that had gotten going jointly with Frank green iron.
For both triathlete, the "field mountain cycling" was not unconditional a sporting challenge: "Here concerns it Charity, there are we gladly with there - a driveway would have we today anyway made", so Kuhn.
Underway they had encountered Paul Wenzel out of waiter tire mountain.
The boy (12) had gone down at the morning after Oberursel, around equally on that again on the height to strampeln.
That Frankfurt Florian Zierz had swung itself at the morning at 9 o'clock home into the saddle, "made" the field mountains two time in order to roll with joke home then.
Joke had also "french fries Toni".
For the boss of the Oberurseler cult newsstand bike rides belong over the field mountain simply in addition.
It had headed for 40 minutes with its 6,5-Kilo-Rennrad.
A crazy event.
For this purpose - there I am gladly there", meant Andreas Balzke.
The through trained Mainzer says of itself that it is an "ambitious race cyclist".
It must be was that also, for it with the "Fixie wheel" underway, those are to be sure also racing bikes, but without control...
Not only the 20 hikers, who climbed over the white wall and the fox dance to the summit up, but rather also a jogger, that proved that it went also without wheel loosely towards the top, at a Kordel a car tire with weighting behind itself duke.
Mountain watch physician professor Volker Lischke, that provided with its team, equipped with all-wheel drive Bully and Quad, for security, said: I know" pulls "that from Frankfurt, who trains for a special Schlittentrail, only that it the sled simply even". The man is therefore to a certain extent its own sled dog.
The 718 participants - and therewith so many than ever before - had been sent at the morning in groups on the stretch.
The hikers first around 9.30 clock.
The first cyclists and runner followed at 10 o'clock.
Five minutes later got going the first Mountainbiker.
Bent Hanseatic league, chairperson of the society "cycling on the large field mountain", gave the start commands and wished the participants a beautiful excursion.
For next year, it hopes that it succeeds to block the stretch to the field mountain up to the security of the participants.
