The Prime Minister of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new prime minister Narendra Modi hits in his first major foreign visit since his election victory in May his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Toko to discuss economic and security relations.
Mr. modes is on a five-day trip to Japan, in order to strengthen economic relations with the third largest economy in the world.
Plans for a stronger nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda.
According to reports, India also hopes to a contract for defense cooperation between the two nations.
Police arrested 20-year-olds to Karratha faster motorcycle chase
A motorcycle was confiscated after the driver had driven it at 125 km / h in a 70 km / h zone and through bushland to escape the police in Bilbara.
Traffic policemen in Karratha tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after they observed it at that, as it left a petrol station on the Bathdate Road with 125 km / h.
The police reported that the driver then ignored the danger signals and continue on Burgess Road went before abbog in the bushland where the officers lost sight of it.
The motorcycle and a person who matched the description of the driver were later seen at a house in Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
Police from Karratha accused a 20-year-old man of non-compliance with a hold signal and reckless driving.
He is to appear on 23 September before the District Court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was ensured and confiscated for three months.
George Webster accused of rape in Naim Hotel and Pitlochry
A man stands for the rape of women in two hotels in court.
George Webster, 28, the indictment was read at a hearing of the Supreme Court in Glasgow.
He is accused of having raped a woman in Pitlochry in Scotland's Hotel in Perthshire on 7 June-2013.
The charge is that Webster attacked while she "was unconscious, asleep, and could indicate a disagreement."
Webster is moreover, accused of raping a second woman in the Golf View Hotel in Naim in the Scottish Highlands on May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set the trial date for 17 November at the Supreme Court in Edinburgh.
Return to the very American ideal of labor rights as human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have introduced a bill to establish the organization of trade unions as a civil right.
"Just as unions die, die, the middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota and vice chairman of the Progressive Caucus in Congress.
Therefore I proudly together with the civil rights icon John Lewis staff the Enabling Act before.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal possibilities in cases of discrimination because of the organization of trade unions, as with other forms of discrimination - and so will stop anti-union set forces.
Supplementing the national labor law law to create an opportunity for discrimination exposed workers to organize a union representative to a civil court to sue for justice - and to obtain damages or fines - is a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it's certainly not a radical initiative - at least not by American standards.
In fact, the best way is to understand what suggest Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of their bill that would link back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks, which the unions have been exposed in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - have Americans once countries around the world encouraged to recognize workers' rights to expand and to be observed.
There was a time, to the millions of Americans still remember when this country called democracy, freedom of speech, press freedom and the right to organize in the same breath.
When the United States occupied after World War II Japan, encouraged General Douglas MacArthur and his staff the country to adopt a constitution which should ensure that the militarized autocracy Hedki Tojo would be replaced by democracy.
In full awareness of the fact that the workers and their trade unions took a role in the creation of a new Japan, they used a language that explicitly recognized that "the rights of workers are guaranteed of association and collective bargaining and action."
When the United States occupied after World War II Germany, urged General Dwight Eisenhower David and his staff the Germans to write a constitution that would ensure that the fascism of Adolf Hitler would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would have to organize, and should raise their voice in the new nation, the Germans added a clause that explicitly testified: "The right to form associations to the working and economic conditions secure and will improve each individual and each profession or trade guaranteed.
Agreements that restrict this right or aim it is to reduce null and void; it targeted measures are unlawful.
As the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt presided over the International Commission on Human Rights held, by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was designed, as it was taken over by the United Nations as a global agreement in 1948 added Roosevelt and the other author of a guarantee a that " everyone has the right to form trade unions for the protection of his interests or to join them. "
For generations, Americans accept the basic premise that labor rights are human rights.
As this country other countries to discuss how they could form civil and democratic societies, declared Americans, that the right to form a union - and that this union then could take part in collective bargaining as an equal partner with companies and government agencies - to be protected must.
Having these rights in America came under fire, it is actually very wise, to the American ideal to perform again in mind, according to which working people must have the right to unite and make their voices heard in a free and open society.
As Pastor Martin Luther King Jr., fifty years ago said:
History is a great teacher.
Now all know that the workers' movement, the strength of the nation is not restricted, but enlarged.
By raising living standards of millions of people working has created miraculously a market for industry and lifted the entire nation to unimaginable levels of production.
Those who attack the work forget these simple truths, but history preserves.
The history remembers, and we should do well.
The formal recognition of labor rights as human rights - and the enhancement of the protection of citizens' rights to protect against discrimination in the establishment of employee representation - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis to renew the ideals that have made America great in the past and the promise of democracy cashed.
Judge temporarily stops law that all abortion clinics in Louisiana could force the closure
A US federal judge on Sunday stopped provisionally the implementation of a law in Louisiana, said of the lawyers that it would probably have led to the closure of all five abortion clinics of the state.
This measure, which has been made into law by Bobby Jindal, the governor of Louisiana, in June and September 1, will come into force, would doctors who perform abortions, compel a patient enrollment right at a hospital within a radius of 30 miles to acquire their practice.
The decision of the judge, however, means that doctors can continue for the time being legally perform abortions, while they apply for such a right.
"The plaintiff may lawfully continue to work, as they strive to obtaining these rights," wrote federal judge John deGravelles in its judgment.
Within a month a hearing for the judge is set to bring about a more permanent decision for the law.
Abortion advocates welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures and said that doctors would gain more time in order to gain admission to hospital privileges.
"Today's decision means that the women in Louisiana missed a sneaky law that will take them their health and their rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chairman of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which sued on behalf of three of the five hospitals of the State had to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the judgment extended also to the doctors of the two hospitals that had the action not connected and also requested briefing rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have adopted similar laws, which courts have recently declared such measures in Alabama and Mississippi for not constitutional.
Key points of a law in Texas that most of the remaining hospitals in the state have been forced to shut down, stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion advocates and the American College of Gynecologists and Ostretricians and the American Medical Association agree in saying that briefing rights of doctors demand unnecessary restrictions.
Abortionists response to this is that the measures are designed to protect the health of women, although some also welcomed the effects of closure of hospitals.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana has, over Patienteineinweiserechte, said the Center for Reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state to be forced to perform any more abortions, this doctor would no longer carry out of fear for his safety, the operation, the group said.
In their argument against the judgment said representatives of the State of Louisiana, that they would punish any doctors for performing abortions, while their applications were pending on patient referrers True.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment options lead to higher death rates by ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have a video tribute for her mother put online, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
For women in rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical records of more than 1,100 Australian women, in which 2005 Ovarian cancer has been found, and found that only 25 percent were still alive five years after diagnosis.
The lead researcher Susan Jordan from QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said that for those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the risk of death during the study by 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
SMALL STUDY: New drugs could slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers examined the medical care of women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that a woman's age at diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, pre-existing conditions as well as the social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer was more advanced at diagnosis, the survival rate was lowest.
For those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the risk of death during the study was 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study did not examine why women living outside the city are more likely died of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suspected a delayed diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centers as possible factors for it.
"This disease is best treated by gynecologic oncologists, and these are mostly to be found in major cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of telemedicine services, to oppose the distances something she suggested as a possible remedy a gain of service flown in doctors before to give specialists the opportunity to provide women closer to their home, as well as treatment programs for people living outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said that the study regardless of geographic status a poor long-term survival rate in women of ovarian cancer revealed and underlined the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The funded by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer study is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013 told Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years from the Gold Coast, that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centers regret sinking homeowners numbers
The decline together with a reinforced drop in the number of homeowners under 35 years could lead to garden centers lose thousands pounds per year, if today's young consumers reported by a study of the HTA, as in the Financial Times, the "core age group for garden products" reach.
The report states that tenants spend an average of 55 percent of the amount that people spend to home for her garden.
The increase of people living in highly urbanized areas without gardens, the popular method to asphalting front gardens for parking purposes and the declining size garden are other factors that threaten the industry in which estimated £ 5 billion to be implemented annually in sales.
In Greater London, where over a period of 6 years, the proportion of homeowners has fallen from 61 to 43 percent, the lowest spending on garden products per household are reported.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society indicate that housing for rent or small gardens do not mean that people can not drag plant.
Guy Barter, chief advisor to the RHS garden said: "Container Gardening is very popular among tenants, for example, because you can take your plants when you move."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of garden retailing due to rising homeowners numbers and economic prosperity of the late 1980s to the mid-90s.
He forecasted for this year also improved market situation because of the better weather to inclement weather conditions in March and April last year.
Cited by opposition politician Imran Khan and the clergy Tahirul Qadri protest movement in Pakistan continues.
In the capital Islamabad some 1,000 protesters stormed the state television PTV.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said that soldiers had but the protesters can push from PTV-building again.
The station ceased its operation for about 40 minutes but now sends back.
At the same time around 3,000 protesters tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Around one kilometer of it they fought with sticks and stones fitted clashes with security forces.
Police used tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded resignation Sharif, these declines but that from.
The army, meanwhile, warns the country to a political solution of the conflict, "without wasting time and without resorting to violence."
After a meeting at the headquarters on Sunday evening, the military announced: "The Army remains committed to their role in ensuring the security of the state".
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has been frequent coup.
The opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Premier Sharif to have cheated in the parliamentary elections in May last year.
The protests escalated on the weekend after Khan Qadri and had called on their followers to penetrate to Sharif's residence.
Three people had been killed.
Turkey appointed US diplomat for espionage report a
The Turkish foreign ministry has summoned the senior US diplomat in the country to provide information of a report on US and British spy in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said the charge d'affaires of the US Embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine the intercept reported that the former of the US National Security Agency analyst, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a major area of ​​activity for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan downplayed the importance of the report and said that all the major countries to spy on each other.
A previous report, that the most important secret of Germany Ankara had made in his sights, for significantly verärgertere reactions of the Turkish government.
Warnstreik: train drivers are threatening consequences for commuters
The nationwide warning strike by train drivers on Monday night could also affect the passenger traffic in NRW.
Following the issuance of 18 to 21 clock walkout concerns nationwide all airlines, including long-distance, regional and suburban railway traffic,
The main thrust of the strikes is the freight.
Photo: A. Burgi / Archive
said the district chairman of the German train drivers union (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Dusseldorf.
We expect significant losses.
Regional priorities did not exist.
The main thrust of the strikes was the freight.
The German Railways in NRW announced its intention to do everything to keep the impact as low as possible.
The GDL had not said where they wanted to go on strike, so that it is difficult to foresee the consequences of concrete.
Sheriff of Magaluf accused of corruption
The prosecutor submitted on Friday to the office of the prosecutor of Mallorca evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city of Calvia.
The Chief of Police of Calvià on the holiday island of Majorca was arrested after allegations of corruption by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious binge drinking hotspot Magaluf.
Chief Inspector José Antonio Navarro was taken after corruption allegations against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most of the bars and nightclubs in Magaluf are, in pre-trial detention.
According to the online newspaper Diario Mallorca prosecutors placed the Office of the Prosecutor for the fight against corruption in Mallorca on Friday evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city of Calvia.
Two other local policemen were arrested by the Spanish Civil Guard in connection with allegations of corruption and be interviewed along with Navarro by a judge.
The national Spanish daily ABC reported that the disgruntled nightclub owner testified that nepotism of the authorities have a serious impact on their businesses.
"It's no longer about making money, it's about survival," said one of the businessmen to the court.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made this summer due to a viral YouTube videos international headlines, in which a 18 year-old British tourist was shown who performed on 24 men during a binge fellatio.
The island authorities have since tried to stop the disorderly behavior of drunken tourists in Magaluf by the number of participants has been minimized to the infamous alcohol-soaked pub crawls.
The Playhouse Club, which hosted the Fellatiovorfall, was forced to close for a year while Playhouse and the pub crawl organizer Carnage together must pay a fine of € 55,000 ($ 73,000).
The tourist town of Magaluf, which is particularly popular with young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of accidents under the influence of alcohol, including the trend of "Balconing" jump in which people from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from Adelaide Airport
Spring has brought South Australia a wintry surprise affected with heavy showers and strong winds, the flights from Adelaide Airport.
In the evening to 21 clock fell further 5mm rain on the city, according to 6,6mm who've been descended in the early hours of Sunday.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including a casting, which began shortly 20 clock and cared for almost 4mm rainfall in about 10 minutes.
After the winter had made last week for an early dose spring, fell the temperatures in the city on Monday again to a maximum of only 15.8 ° C.
The gusty weather conditions are likely to have led to the delay in landing a flight of Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The aircraft should have arrived shortly after 19.30 clock, but was hit by a wind shear - a sudden change of wind speed or direction over a short distance - and had to start.
Gusts reached at this time about 50 km / h on the ground on the Adelaide Airport.
The flight data showed that the aircraft had to start even with a second landing approach and finally touched down at about 20.40 clock.
Flight delay resulted in the consequence to delay some other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and a Qantas flight from Sydney.
For Adelaide on Tuesday a maximum temperature of 16 ° C predicted, with possible showers.
Matthies says: It's time for big-linking
Given the galloping technological progress, which threatens to transform our cozy home in high-tech control centers, our columnist Bernd Matthies comfort with a very familiar electronic accessories.
While I write this, my eyes fall on the spiral cord connecting the handset to the phone, and I think: Wow, how retro is that?
But behind it is a consideration if the cable would not, all listeners would quickly abandoned flying around in the house, and that would be much more retro.
Anyway, yes applies to the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typo: electronic) sector, the rule that the world premiere of the electronic waste of tomorrow today is bought, - outdated.
And who, for example, still has a tube TV in the living room, so who says only that it rejects television principle.
Why these thoughts?
Because it takes us are pressing for the Ifa am Funkturm again this week our absolute incompetence in matters of electronics in mind.
The layman, the earlier washing machine and CD player blindly dominated, today does not understand even the purpose of the devices that are spread with incredible vain expert hands in front of him: "Connected Home, wearables, Healthcare and Urban Technologies" promises the press office.
Yes, it's even?
What should we talk to people who apparently volunteered to spread such a quark?
Basically, for about 20 years it's all particularly important that we should kindly connect our house.
Thus, the yogurt itself ordered so that tells us the fire alarm on holiday in the Maldives that it burns degree in the study.
And would not it be wonderful if we from the office air conditioning to our imminent arrival ...?
Yes, however, requires air conditioning.
But a dream is certainly true soon: We raise our watch, you say out loud "sucking" - And at home drives off the Staubsaugroboter.
Astray.
Everything runs on nothing less than a revolution addition: "The boundaries between white and brown goods blur", whispers an industry insider, you can connect the machine with a headset, the steamer will send the weather report and the data goggles indicates how long the pizza in oven still needs, but nothing good is because we are in a traffic jam.
From daily practice we also know: When a newfangled device is sometimes really needed urgently, the battery is guaranteed empty.
What is another reason that the spiral cable is on the phone survive the next radio shows.
Israeli children return to the war in Gaza in their schools
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas near the Gaza Strip returned on Monday back to school after they had spent the summer in bomb shelters, while rocket and mortar fire came down and on their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas Schools in Gaza remained closed, while the area of ​​the fighting recovered.
The school brought the launch of rockets drawn bullet holes communities in southern Israel a sense of joy and anticipation, but the signs of the battles are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod remote employees of "Pashosh" -Kindergartens, which was hit by a missile, before the arrival of students shrapnel from the walls and sliding panels.
"We have a little bit afraid, but excited," said Ronit Bart, local resident in Kibbutz Saad and local English teacher.
Many children from our area desperately need a return to a routine.
Your 11-year-old daughter Shani Bart said it felt "a bit weird" to suddenly go back to school.
"Those were difficult times, and we are not at all gone out of the house," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz near the border with Gaza, to offer his support.
Until a ceasefire interrupted the war last week remained thousands of residents of the border communities as Saad in their homes or left their homes to farther from Gaza to move to safer areas and to avoid the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a community near the border with Gaza, in which a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar shell, still reluctant to return.
The Ministry of Education announced, about a dozen families had not yet returned.
Their children were provisionally accommodated in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town with Gaza, which is ravaged by Palestinian fire.
He appealed to the children to learn a lot and said "we will ensure that their knowledge Acquire and provide you security."
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday to a unbefristeteten ceasefire.
The ceasefire provided for an immediate end to the fighting; However, important issues remain unresolved, such as the demand by Hamas for a lifting of Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel calls for disarming Hamas and handing over the bodies of two killed in the fighting Israeli soldiers.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin later this month in Egypt.
In the war, more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed, three quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children, according to estimates of the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies this information and estimates that there are at least half of those killed is fighters, but did not provide any concrete evidence to support this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker killed.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired 4,591 rockets and mortar shells during the fighting on Israeli towns from which most of the south.
Meanwhile, led the Israeli military by more than 5,000 aircraft and other attacks.
Damaged or destroyed Israeli attacks thousands of houses in the Gaza area and around 250,000 people studied in more than 100 UN schools refuge that were converted into temporary shelters.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and continue the fighting, the education authorities last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope the school will soon be re-opened, so that we can continue to learn, such as the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, who is currently living in a school in Gaza City ,
After election in Saxony: CDU Vice Strobl provides NPD ban procedures may include
Given the loss of votes by the NPD in Saxony, CDU Deputy Thomas Strobl has called for an end to the current NPD ban proceedings before the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU Deputy Thomas Strobl should find the current prohibition proceedings against the NPD in the Federal Constitutional Court to an end.
"The NPD is worse off than the last time", Strobl, who is also a CDU state leader in Baden-Württemberg, the "Leipziger Volkszeitung" said.
This is a welcome development in the right direction and a development that makes me more likely to come to the conclusion that the NPD political fights and not before the Constitutional Court.
The NPD had failed during the vote on Sunday narrowly missing the five-percent hurdle.
A first attempt to ban the far-right party in 2003 failed because of the Protection of the Constitution at that time also in the NPD-top had informants.
In December 2013, the Federal Council reached after long preparation a further application in Karlsruhe.
Federal Government and the Bundestag not followed.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
On Neuländer place refugees are now accommodated in tents.
The initial reception center for refugees in Harburg bursting at the seams.
Now the Interior Ministry has made up three tents of the Red Cross next to it.
The local politicians were only recently informed - they are unenthusiastic.
"This quick-fix actions stir continued public skepticism and enter the district politicians no opportunity to contribute constructively to the humane accommodation of refugees," says about Britta Herrmann, President of the Greens in the Harburg district assembly.
Your party requests that the district administration Harburg currently provides for accommodating unused houses available.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the initial reception are the rush of people seeking help - and the fact that the authorities can not provide enough places in civic amenities.
Therefore, many refugees remain longer than the regular three months.
House prices have experienced the biggest increase in winter seven years shows a widely observed index.
The RP Data Core Logic Hedonic Home Value Index of particular houses in the Australian capital rose in August by 1.1 percent, so the RP data on Monday.
With this increase, the total increase is in June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months since of 2007.
The annual price increase was 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013 but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country.
The research director of RP Data, Tim Lawless, said that Sydney and Melbourne drive a two-tier market.
The figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney rose last year by 16.1 percent, against 11.7 percent in Melbourne.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale is Canberra, which was hit hard by the cuts in government spending and where prices rose over the year by only 1.4 percent.
Mr. Lawless also said that with the beginning of spring, an increase would be observed in the property for sale now for the coming months, which would subject the market "a real test."
"If you look at the constantly high rate of sales prices, a generally rapid sales rate and the persistent low interest rate environment, it is likely that home prices will rise even further in the next three months," he said.
In a statement to the New Press it contradicts statements the CEO Peer Medau and attests this to pose "like a general."
The style of the university was not this, it reads the statement.
So the family Medau had already been "in mid-June verbally informed about the suggestion of the university.
The statement said that the plans were announced in July, are definitely wrong, "said Pötzl.
At the same time he points out that it is not in the plans to "establish preconditions or even decisions", it however "preferences" would.
Also, the necessary for the access expansion of the narrow road up to the castle was less dramatic than feared by Medaus.
Was of a nine-meter-wide road and there is no mention.
It goes to the current state of 5.50 meters, which is one meter wider than before, "explains Pötzl.
The argument of Medau operators that their free and the school's parking areas are then used in the future only by students of the University, refuses to accept Pötzl.
Zugeparkt is not at all, because this can be solved intelligently now as with other public parking.
Think of the residents
The crèche Mountain Imp, which is located on the premises and the entrance to the parking deck along would result prior to their doorstep should, according to the university presidents "are not impaired".
Rather, he points out, "that this is not just about the nursery, but also to the residents at the confluence of the Friedrich-Streib Street and the 800 pupils of the neighboring secondary school.
It is about much more than the particular interests gentlemen Medau "said Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents' council of the nursery, with the expansion of the road would be a "rare nature spots Coburg lost" was entitled "The reader can decide for himself."
In early October 2020 will Pötzl inform together with the State Building Authority Bamberg city councils on the structural development of the university "and to address the importance of the new development in this regard".
Peer Medau had last week the parents of the nursery on the plans of the university informed.
Accordingly, the access road for the new parking deck will not cause as far across the campus and the Friedrich-Streib-road, but via the Medau Mountain.
This would have to be expanded two-lane narrow road at about one kilometer long.
According to extrapolations of Medaus the traffic in the park of Schloss Hohenfels would increase tenfold with it.
From about 2000 vehicles a day is mentioned.
On the part of the city so far declined to comment on the project is located.
Glandorf resigns from national handball team
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the DHB team.
The 31-year-old from Bundesliga club SG Flensburg-Handewitt led to health problems, especially for this decision.
The decision is not easy for me, it has matured for several months.
It's time for me to listen to the signals of my body and to finish my career in the national team, "the 2007 world champion announced on his Facebook page.
He is thus a balance of 167 internationals and 576 goals for Germany in international retirement.
Because the union formidable backcourt player wants to go to Champions League winners from Flensburg few years hunting for goals, he is now the new national coach Dagur Sigurdsson is no longer available.
The Icelander, who has announced his squad for the internationals against Switzerland on Tuesday Glandorf led a "long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches have inspired me as much as they will also inspire my longtime teammate and my successor.
But for my club I want healthy available in the coming years, for longer recovery periods are needed, which does not allow the current double taxation.
The left-hander had 2012 after a heel infection even have to worry about his career end.
Because Achilles tendon problems, he had to be treated by team doctors of the German Handball Federation (DHB) with a cortisone injection which later had triggered severe inflammation.
An emergency surgery and two other interventions followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a lawsuit against the team doctor, the dispute ended with a settlement.
Twelve years professional and eleven years National career going nowhere body pass without a trace.
I have some health sites that I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-related foot operations that were carried out at short intervals in 2012, I never got my blood pressure properly in the handle.
Here are some other wear-related problems come.
Already at the beginning of the year, I realized that while I control my head, but my body can not be fooled, "Glandorf said in an interview to the magazine" Handball Time ".
For a comeback he would be available only in an absolute emergency.
"If all else fails, I'm always ready to talk," the father of two told the magazine.
However, I can see the years in which I can still play handball, count on one hand.
I must also say that I am also become quite humble about my long hospitalization 2012, which relates to my health.
In my career, I want at least to some extent just go.
In addition to the world title in 2007 and winning the Champions League in 2014 he won in 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo) the EHF Cup.
In 2012, he secured himself also Flensburg with the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.
Shrunk German economy in spring by 0.2 percentage
The crises around the globe have the German economy slowed in the second quarter.
The gross domestic product fell from April to the end of June 2014 compared to the previous quarter by 0.2 percent.
This was announced by the Federal Statistical Office, confirming preliminary calculations.
Only the consumption revived the economy in the spring, while investment declined.
Foreign trade also slowed the economy.
Thanks to the strong start to the year results for the first half of overall GDP growth of 0.8 percent compared to the second half-2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of "Münsterland-Mooiste", the first time on Sunday led by the Burgmann city.
The Burgmann city Horstmar experienced on Sunday an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer".
The largest cycling federation of the Netherlands, NTFU, organized the so-called "land-Münster Mooiste".
It exemplified in the biggest cycling right across the Münsterland, the cyclist's paradise near the Netherlands.
Over 1,000 participants thanked with their registration at Jos ter Hürne for organizing this tour through the Münsterland.
Written out in various journals this tour interested was offered.
We come from Den Helder and have traveled overnight to participate in this tour.
We want to explore the Münsterland even closer to this type ", the cyclists were pleased about the route through the circle Steinfurt, Borken and Coesfeld.
After signing up at the clubhouse of Schutterij Sta.
Catherine went on a little "peace journey" through the city over the wall, where the launch took place.
Continued the route that was advertised for three different categories, in the direction of Mr. Wood on the Schöppinger mountain towards Coesfeld and Billerbeck and Havixbeck back to Horstmar.
On routes of 95 kilometers with 1175 meters above sea level, 120 kilometers by 1475 meters above sea level and 145 kilometers by 1775 meters of the cyclists proved their good condition.
Boarded they were traveling in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Main organizer Jos ter Hürne and Deputy Mayor Heinz Lölfing were very pleased with the success of this cycling events.
We are satisfied and it was a nice experience for everyone involved.
The organization went smoothly and there were no adverse incidents ", Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, not so many participants came, as the organizers had hoped for, which probably was due to the bad weather forecast and the morning rain.
"See you in 2015 again in hopefully good weather on August 30 or during another weekend", the cyclist but nevertheless promised again to come back into the Münsterland and the organizers are planning a new edition.
Konstantin alarm brutally honest memoir
It's actually more philosophical testimony as biography, which has brought in "Monk and Warrior" on 287 pages to paper Konstantin Wecker, Songwriter, pacifist, political activist safely, ex-con.
Not chronological, but more thought scraps for scraps of thoughts, born on June 1, 1947 in Munich wrote down his memoirs, each chapter begin with a matching lyrics.
He is brutally honest: from masturbation as a schoolboy to shoplifting and drug use, he does not leave human weakness from.
Also, to show how he has learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow man himself.
Considerable space take abstract, but all the more important terms a: love, soul, ego, being in the now, spirituality - all this he tries to get to the bottom, very philosophical, but also a very personal way.
He also introduced his pacifism, his social criticism, his political activism - and also, as it has not only influenced the music (the opera lovers became the soul and rock musicians), but also his prison stay.
The latter has the bon vivant Konstantin Wecker closer brought the ascetic monk who created "by subtraction", as he says, "by omitting anything that is unnecessary".
Between all the high-minded views, there are also short anecdotes to earth: about about fights in a frequented by GIs local or a crazy car ride in which he envisioned a tree head-on.
Even as it is brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: My father never took me in his arms.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children of a family of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in the year 1958th
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry is rehearsing for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, partly based on an imaginary conversation with his father and from the series was on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult childhood moments.
He visited "many" therapies after his mother's death, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship with his father.
It was hard to know him.
You never saw his face, only heard his voice: "Listen to the noise on.
Let your sister in peace.
Move!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who were already grown up when I was a child - went with him to the pub and talked about things like the shape of the beer glass, or the beauty of a cricket stroke.
I never had such a conversation with him.
A large part of my life it was this serious guy in the corner who was reading the newspaper.
Recently Henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than in the days of his father, he nevertheless won an insight into how life must have been for him.
It is now a little brighter, but they are dark, smoky, deep Stygian labyrinth with flame shock and smoke and lots of soot.
My father lay formerly simply into the tub and then you could hear him slowly as he began to sing, because he could wash the foundry itself.
When I walked around there, I realized that he had done for years, to bring the food to the table, and my respect for him grew.
Nevertheless, Henry grew up as a child without his parents' expressions of love.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you".
Only when there towards the end of her life suffered by my mother, we began to "I love you, I love you, I love you" to say.
By his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he was able to share the love that he had missed as a child.
Could you even with the "I love you" stop?
Stop it but to embrace me!
Dad, I'm 22!
with Dawn French.
Why should not we be friends?
She is a great mother.
It's still friends with French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why should not we be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's mother was diabetic.
That contributed to her death.
So when I very was very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You must be radical.
So I moved through this fitness thing and also had to make a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It's very hard.
And it's exhausting.
No one likes to eat carrots.
Henry's career change is perhaps in its elegant, close-cropped beard.
Since he has been praised by critics for his Othello, he is paid to the theater.
This was followed by The Comedy of Errors, and then Fences by August Wilson.
That's a different experience than the sitcoms and comedies that have filled his busy working life.
He started only 16 years ago when he worked in a factory.
A DJ spotted him on the stage, as he imitated people and wrote to New Faces of him.
His television career began in the mid-seventies. "I was the only black impersonator / comedian on television for quite a long time."
He learned on the job.
I had to grow up not only before the public eye, but also learn from 1975 to 1985, as I was able to be an efficient jokes-narrative machine, while I was a star on television, and it was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 New Faces
As his manager the stage right at the Black and White Minstrel Show possessed a light entertainment program, in which the people "black anmalten", Henry led his comedy there over five years.
In my family it was very uncomfortable.
I wish somehow that it never happened, but I do not regret that I did it.
It was a weird, uncomfortable position for me, but I was working on big projects, and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But these "years of award-winning lightweight pillar of British television" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
The introduction of characters that the British black culture both mocked as celebrated, Henry worked in the eighties to an alternative comedy circuit.
The first row of the Lenny Henry show went on the air in 1984, and in the nineties he has worked as the chef Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series Head! known.
Advertising, documentaries, TV series and movie roles marked his next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008, he thought to himself: "What are you doing next, Len, because it all feels like when you bring only the time rum or will walk a little on the spot. "
Thereafter, a documentary series for Radio 4 was titled What's So Great About ...?
The first episode turned to Shakespeare.
In Shakespeare I was downright allergic.
I had never learned in school right about him and held him for a domain predominantly middle-class whites in tights and a cabbage in front it.
So I was very afraid.
Everyone we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said, "You should try it.
Do not make it bad if you do not know what you're talking.
Take a couple of words in his mouth, and then you'll understand why we all love Shakespeare so.
Henry led to 20 lines from Othello's last speech on the documentary and he was thrilled.
I had the feeling that I could do it.
It was almost as if someone had finally put my head right.
"That's what, it's a serious matter, take them seriously, learning your lines, researching a bit.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we did.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident and that just did not happen.
And soon he appeared in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre and I could not believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed." "
There was a technical error and Henry felt instinctively that he had to entertain the audience.
"A little voice told me," You have now bridged 10 minutes while they repair the computer. ""
Instead, the stage manager announced that the show would go on, once the problem had been solved.
I walked off the stage and something inside me said, "Oh, thank God."
I am not responsible for it.
I can leave someone else.
"You play in a play, so stay in your role."
Henry in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
To learn the text for Fences was demanding.
Panic is very good, which strengthens the tendons.
Also was well received, so it is like a big sign of the gods who tell me "This is your destiny." "
He says this, of course, with a thundering voice.
So I stick to it.
I really love that.
I love to be in a rehearsal room.
But Henry still has the head of a comedian - our conversation is permeated by humorous outbursts, while he imitates persons repeatedly.
I have decided not to make stand-up comedy, because I think that this kind of instant gratification of a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If you are looking for the all the time, you go with it before a wall.
I step sometimes live at the Apollo when I feel like it, but overall it does not give me as much as before.
I ask him if he will ever again make a stand-up comedy tour.
The fun I had in a room with a director who helps to shape a beginning, middle and end of a journey - I do not think I want to give up ever again.
Is this so its new incarnation?
I think so.
I like being an actor.
It's fun.
One always tells a story, and that's great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Houthi rebels in Yemen's capital block roads
In the conflict between Shiite Houthi rebels and the Yemeni government, the Houthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Houthi supporters had occupied central streets in Sanaa on Monday, a spokesman for the Houthi party "Ansar Allah".
Even the entrance to the Parliament had been blocked.
Yemeni media reports of a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper "Yemen Post" had called on Sunday evening on the measures Houthi leader Abdul Malik al-Houthi.
Huthi threatened, according to the sheet with a further escalation of the conflict, its demands should not be met.
The Shiite Houthis are fighting for greater independence from the Sunni-ruled Yemen and demanding the resignation of the government.
The tribe of the Huthi besieged for nearly two weeks, the Yemeni capital.
About 30,000 rebels have set up protest camp at the large access routes from Sanaa.
In the countryside, it always comes back to bloody fighting with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registered officials to curb "ghost employees"
Kenya has begun to all state officials to register biometrically to remove "ghost workers" from the payroll of the Government.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks would no longer be paid, was a government announcement.
The government suspects that thousands of people still receive salaries even after their departure from public service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised when he took office in 2013, to combat corruption in the civil service.
When tested at the beginning of this year, it was found that at least $ 1 million (£ 700,000) per month were lost in payments for "ghost employees" and other abusive financial practices.
The government suspects that salaries will continue to be paid to accounts after a person has died or is leaving the Public Service, Wanyama Chebusiri reported for the BBC from the capital Nairobi.
All officials have to appear in the next two weeks at identification centers to ensure that their data is recorded on the biometric registration, was informed in a government message.
All that would not this would do without a plausible excuse be removed from the payroll, was the message on.
"This procedure is significantly contributed to the rationalization of the civil service by the actual number of civil servants is determined and also the payroll is adjusted on both levels of government - so are the" ghost employees "eliminated," said Anne Waiguru, the Cabinet Secretary in the Ministry of Decentralization and planning.
The scandal surrounding the art consultant Helge Achenbach is negotiated for the first time in court on 11 November.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of founder Theo Albrecht Aldi, calling for civil proceedings in the Düsseldorf Regional Court 19.4 million euros in damages from Achenbach and two of its companies that are in bankruptcy procedure.
This was announced by a court spokeswoman said on Monday.
In its application, it says, Achenbach had cheated in the purchase of works of art and vintage cars and Berthold Albrecht calculated higher than actually paid purchase price.
Thereby the agreed fee is higher.
Achenbach have bought valuables for Albrecht for 121 million euros.
Children need roots and wings
44 years he was in the teaching profession, including 23 as a head teacher.
From that time Manfred Richter knows many seasoned Peter Hausener and Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always supported by his quest to see the students humans.
Sněžka is the most famous mountain of the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the motive of his home.
Richter was born in 1930 in Trutnov / North Bohemia, today Trutnov.
Already with 14 he became interested in after four years of high school for the teaching profession.
One year later, the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their house.
After a few months in a camp it was in 1946 after Bayern - in the boxcar.
So was staggered judge the Upper Franconian village sinks.
The teacher training was held in Bamberg.
These Manfred Richter had six ten kilometers walk to the next station a week, take the train to Bamberg, there walk three kilometers through the city to school and back in the evening.
After two months, Manfred Richter was in a Red Cross home in Bamberg a sleeping: with up to 15 fellow students in a dormitory.
In 1951 he made the first and in 1954 after three years of teacher trainees the second state examination.
Since Upper Franconia for him had no vacant teaching position, he applied to Upper Bavaria and came on November 1, 1954, the school in Kollbach.
The "Miss-room" was his first "official residence" in the schoolhouse.
In 1958 he moved into the newly built house next to the school teacher a three-room service apartment.
This house was bought by Manfred Richter in 1980, after the school had been dissolved in 1968 Kollbach.
Until then there were in Kollbach in Schulverband Petershausen-Kollbach three classes and in Petershausen five.
From the school year 1968/69 these were summarized in Petershausen in today's town hall.
As the Schulverband Indersdorf was founded, only the primary school remained in place.
In order to avoid a downgrade in the now smaller school, joined the then Rector Georg Sigl to Karlsfeld - and Manfred Richter became his successor.
But Petershausen grew, and so the children and their teachers could relate to today's construction, from September 1982, which was extended by Judge retirement in 1997.
Manfred Richter praises the simple generosity of Mayor Ludwig Götz, who had also rely on community charges a workroom and a broader 1997 basements, although that was not eligible under the guidelines for school buildings.
"Mayor Götz was very friendly school," says Richter remembered gratefully.
In his whole career Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative who had responded to a presentation of a School Board on Law and Justice: "We must never forget the love." Manfred Richter sat around, what he had heard as a young teacher.
"You have to give to the children two things: roots and wings," says the now 84-year-old.
And he had to learn: "This does not always succeed". Whether he as only his students or just his own six children said, is not entirely clear.
In any case, the judge was doing sometimes unconventional.
When students started fighting, they received from him not as a detention and have not been sentenced to detention.
At the expense of the community had two pairs of judges can purchase boxing gloves and let the two rivals compete against each other, even if the baby you should have a violet.
For the benefit of the school used as a judge Rector a good relationship with the then Mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This moved the non-party judges after retirement to 1996 to stand at least the last on the CSU list for the local council.
But Richter was selected in sixth place and joined the CSU.
180 kilometers in three days
HR4-BIKE RIDE 700 cyclists insert in the spa park of Bad Salzhausen and Scots stopovers
If cyclists make their tour in Bad Salzhausen or Scots snap, that's nothing special about it.
On Friday, however, made only the quantity of catch impression: The 700 participants of the bike ride hr4 including accompanying entourage enjoyed a break in the lower spa gardens in Bad Salzhausen and later a party under the open sky in Schottener Alteburg Park.
Under the motto "Biking and celebrate newfound paths between Nidda and Kinzig", the participants had met on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and there witnessed a concert by Van Baker & Band.
On Friday it became serious: The cyclists took the first stage, 60 kilometers above Florstadt to Bad Salzhausen and on to Scots in attack.
In Bad Salzhausen athletes from Mayor Hans-Peter Seum, who had started as well in Bad Vilbel by bicycle, and the director of the Own Plant Operation Bad Salzhausen, Petra swing Döring were welcomed.
For refreshment of body and mind had been prepared all sorts of good things: The countrywomen from Ranstadt and low-Mockstadt had 85 plates Apple, Zwetschen-, sprinkles and cheesecake baked that mundeten the capable cyclists wonderful.
"Such cakes can only rural women bake" praised one participant from Aulendiebach while he ordered another piece.
At the concession stand of Turnvereins Geiss-Nidda cold refreshments could be purchased.
The "Duo Bravo" entertained the visitors with familiar melodies from operettas and musicals and earned enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful surroundings of the park looked relaxing.
A gentleman also enjoyed a head massage from his partner: "he deserves, after all, he has already secured chipped bicycle chains again today."
Meanwhile had the mayor and the Betriebsleiterin still working: they were interviewed by the fountain in front of the Kurhaus of drinking reporter Rainer Janke and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for Bad Salzhausen.
Also Promotion Chef Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 bike ride in 2004 as tour leader here, could catch only briefly, he had plenty to do with the equipment on site.
His pickup truck in which he communicated via three telephones and a radio with its employees and the 15-member motorcycle squad of police Hesse, wrote Facebook messages and reports made, also needed a check.
"The majority of the participants comes from the Rhein-Main area," he said, "but also from casting or Fulda, Lauterbach or the Taunus and even from many cities in Westphalia cyclists arrived.
The number of participants depends a bit on the available accommodation capacities.
In Category I, the participants will be accommodated in hotels, in category II in collective centers.
From the resort of the cyclists had a good impression when they left again after one and a half hours: "Bye!"
"It was nice in Bad Salzhausen!" waved her goodbye.
Upon arrival in the Scottish group could take a short breather.
But in the evening the cyclists were required in the idyllic Old Castle Park.
Under the direction of Schottener Society for Tourism and City Marketing (GTS), the park had received a great party atmosphere and of course they had treats about Tarte with well chilled Federweißer prepared.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS CEO Markus Hoßfeld and MSC Chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his capacity as board member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased with the "many operating in Scots".
DJ Tobias Hagen then released the dance stage.
The opportunity for sweeping move in the open air was used frequently despite the sporting activities on the bike.
Among the guests mingled increasingly citizens who were impressed by the good mood as well as the large group of cyclists.
On the second day were for cyclists stations Birstein, Wächtersbach and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - on the agenda.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometers pedaling, the athletes met again in Bad Vilbel.
Turkish police arrested dozens of "conspiring" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government", report local media agencies.
The police authorities submitted no immediate comment.
Among those arrested are 14 high-ranking police officers, reports Hurriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in the corruption investigation against government employees, including four government ministers last December.
In July a series was arrested by Turkish police for allegedly founded an organized criminal group and tapped telephone numbers.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (the then Prime Minister was) described their actions as part of the activities that are led by the Islamist clerics Fethulla Güllen against him and other persons in positions of power.
Not all children in the Ukraine will return to school
Schools almost everywhere in Ukraine opened on Monday (September 1st) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents brought Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk his daughter to school.
There he told waiting journalists that not all schools had reopened, but that he was determined to defend the land for future generations:
The September celebrations were not held in each school.
The sky is not peaceful all over Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The entire Ukraine, a huge joint Ukrainian People's Front has to fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slavyansk who visited Jazenjuks daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that here at last at peace, and that the children receive an education that will be useful to them in later life.
The first day of school the new school year is traditionally celebrated, the children wear embroidered shirts, holding balloons in their hands and give their teachers flowers.
With Rona Fairhead, the BBC may have found the great director, she needs.
She arrives with a proud fame train of the banking world, the media management and the inner circle of the Tory party.
And it has its own combat experience.
Her career began with the global management consulting firm Bain and Co., after which she moved to Morgan Stanley, Bombardier, ICI and the media world of Pearson.
She was seven years Chief Executive of the Financial Times and stepped back as the top item of the parent company Pearson went to a younger male counterparts.
Your severance was allegedly almost £ 1 million.
Her political ranking is solid.
It was recommended by David Cameron, Lord Browne, the former head of BP, as this was looking for more private-sector expertise in Whitehall: it became a consultant of the Cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory councilor.
As early as May, I described the task of the Chairman of a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a huge and complex unity at the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The Trust works in two directions: inwards towards the first guard of the own management hierarchy in the BBC, but also to the outside as the voice of public concern and unrest, when things go wrong.
This ensures an almost untenable duopoly, which requires a complete comprehensive reform.
But what new incoming chairman would risk to begin to embark on anything and dismantle an institution that is as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while this itself might bring about his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as if not enough, are also still many interested in the BBC reduced to see - obsolete power, money and status.
While the competition is getting closer and new technologies threaten old, comfortable collateral, the upcoming negotiation of royalties for the BBC is associated with special risks.
For the modest sum of £ 145.50 a year, the British public will buy into the certainly largest media companies in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: it says that it reaches 96 percent of all households and each of them only 40 pence per day costs.
And apparently increases the BBC on the popularity scale up again: 53 percent support today, compared to 31 percent 10 years ago.
The viewing and usage habits for the BBC have changed: nowadays I get news headlines on my phone and see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and respectable institution.
She needs a considerable chairman - I hope they found him.
Perry from Texas says that derogatory Tweet was not authorized
A tweet from the official account of the Republican Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a disparaging remark about the democratic district prosecutor who is the focus of a criminal charge against him for abuse of authority.
The tweet was later deleted and replaced by another of Perry's account, which denied the previous ones.
Just a Tweet from my account has been shipped, which was not authorized by me.
"I do not approve of the tweet and have cleared him," it said in the message later.
Employees of Perry did not respond immediately to requests for comments.
Although the tweets from Perrys official account went out, it was not clear who actually operated the feed.
In the previous Tweet an unfavorable image of the District Attorney of Travis County, Rosemary Lehmberg was drawn, who was sentenced in April 2013 for drunk driving.
Perry put a vetoed a funding her office, when she refused to resign, resulting in charges against Perry - led before a grand jury this month in Austin - could possibly be 2016 presidential candidate.
The text of the tweet reads: "I'm not always drunk with three times the permissible alcohol level ... but if I do, I accuse Governor Perry when he divulge it."
I am the drunkest Democrat in Texas.
Clay mound Office was not entrusted with the management of the investigation of the grand jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, which was chosen by a Republican judge.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the accusation a political trick.
Its high-class team of lawyers requested that the judge entrusted with the case, dismissed the charges, arguing that the law, will proceed with the against the senior governor in the history of Texas, is non Amended in accordance with diffuse.
Perry stopped $ 7.5 million of state funds to the Public Integrity Unit of the state - which is a resident in Travis County and in cases of public corruption in Texas determined - as Lehmberg refused to withdraw.
This veto caused a public complaint from a left-wing watchdog group.
Perry's official account is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
After graduating at the caucuses in Iowa during his presidential candidacy in 2012 in fifth place, Perry spoke about speculation that he'll stop by posted a tweet a photo of himself while jogging near a lake, with the words "South Carolina , here we come! "
Berkeley declared housing market back to "normal"
One of the most prominent builders of London pointed out that the housing market in the south east of England was again "returned" to normal levels.
Homes in the capital were highly coveted and the subject of enormous price increases, which the Bank of England due to the widespread fear moved in front of a credit bubble to put ceilings on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and chairman of the high-class construction company Berkeley said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the peak in 2013", adding that it provided a "stable task environment".
The real estate market in London was well placed during the downturn, as foreign buyers thronged to the capital.
According to information from the land registry, the prices have risen in the metropolitan area alone last year jumped by 18.5 percent, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole.
Average selling prices for Berkeley's private, inexpensive and student services rose by about one-fifth last year and were the end of April to £ 423,000.
A stronger pound has however made less attractive to foreign buyers in recent months real estate property in London - some of them have been put off by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "Villas control" before the general election next May.
The London Estate Agents Foxtons warned last week that the mortgage market report for April, were presented in the stricter lending rules, would in the second half also lead to lower market growth in terms of real estate sales as in prices.
New data from the Bank of England released on Monday showed a decline in the mortgage approval in July, which also suggests that the housing market cools.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, downgraded its prediction for the rise in house prices in London in 2015 down to 3 percent, based on an already weakening house price consciousness.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington is now every year declined by a quarter, so the broker WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the desire for a home in the capital for Berkeley is a blessing, because the amounts due for forward sales amount to more than 2.2 billion pounds.
Mr. Pidgley added: "The demand for the right, well-planned product at the best locations remained stable and as a result, the forward sales have remained stable."
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year to the end of April - nearly a third more than at the peak in 2007 before the crisis.
The annual pre-tax profit rose by 40 percent annually to 280 million pounds, while sales rose 18 percent to 1.6 billion pounds.
In an announcement on Monday before the annual meeting of the company Mr. Pidgley said that revenue for Berkeley would probably meet the current market expectations for the current year.
Analysts estimate consistently the annual pre-tax profit to 450 million pounds.
Berkeley shares were fixed in the afternoon London trade at 23.96 pounds.
Published nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence by hackers on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence appearance at the 85th Academy Awards.
Nude Photos of Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a "master list" of images further 100 Starlets.
A representative of the stars of "The Hunger Games" confirmed that the photos were genuine and Lawrence accused the hackers because of "blatant violation of privacy" on.
The authorities have been notified and will pursue all those who continue to post the stolen photos by Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos that were originally posted on the photo-sharing site 4chan were allegedly obtained through a gap in the online storage system iCloud from Apple. The alleged "master list" of hacking victims including the names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed reported.
It is not certain how many of the images are real, although Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"To those of you who look at photos that my husband and I have taken up in the private environment of our house years ago - I hope you're really happy with you," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied, however, that it was in the photos to pictures of her and tweeted "These so-called nude pictures of me are fake, people.
Weirs Let's be like the early days. * Pun intended *.
BuzzFeed reported late Sunday that a spokesman for the pop star Ariana Grande denied the authenticity of the alleged photos of her.
Exclusive extract from Howard Jacobson's acclaimed new novel about love and the letter "J".
They melted away, so you could best describe it, they broke up slowly like a box that you have in the rain leave.
Occasionally told him a woman that he was too serious, demanding, intense, distant and perhaps a little crabby.
And then shook his hand.
Crabby he knew.
He was prickly as hedgehogs in, yes.
The last victim of this Stacheligkeit was just incipient affair that had been promising for relieving lonely boredom of his life as usual, and might even have brought him a certain satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomons was a trembling delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart of a village in the North Island, which was even more remote and harsher than Port Reuben.
She had come with a previous accompaniment to the south, held the Kevern for her aunt, and had inherited in a damp but paradisiacal valley with the aptly named Paradise Valley a lot.
For several years no one had lived in the house.
The pipes were leaking, were in the bathrooms even spiders, slugs had left their mark on all the windows and thought they owned it all, and the garden was overgrown with weeds that looked like giant cabbages.
It was like the house of a children's story, both menacing as tempting a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" stands on the longlist for the Man Booker Prize in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced in the coming week.
Kevern had sat holding hands with Ailinn on the broken sunbeds in the tall grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon. Both had absentmindedly snapped into the service console with soothing music and calming messages supplied the land, as the sight of her crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song of a long-forgotten black entertainers, which his father loved listening with closed shutters in the house ,
Your feet are too big.
Because of their innate aggressiveness songs of this kind were not played on the console.
Not prohibited - Nothing was really banned - just not played.
It has been successfully obsolesziert so obsoleszieren like the word.
The general taste managed what decrees and regulations have never managed and how people choose books at the From the rags-to-riches memoir, cookbooks and romances, so they chose the ballad with the music.
In the euphoria of the day Kevern began playing an imaginary piano and to sing big feet in a rough-comic Serenade Ailinns.
Ailinn did not understand.
"This was a well-known song of a jazz pianist named Fats Waller," he told her and automatically put two fingers to his lips.
That his father had always done to stop the letter J, before he came out of his mouth.
It had started out as a game between him and his father when he was young.
His father had played it with his own father, as he had told.
When you begin a word with a J, without laying two fingers on your lips, it will cost you a penny.
It was already at that time was not a very fun game and it was now not very funny.
He knew that this was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what was jazz.
Ailinn had never heard what.
Jazz was, even though he was not directly prohibited, not played.
The improvising was no longer modern.
There was only room for one "if" in life.
People wanted at the beginning of a tune to be quite sure where they would end up.
Likewise, the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And Jazz was musically expressed understanding.
Although he had become 10 years old without having heard from Sammy Davis Junior, knew Kevern about Jazz from the semi-secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he did not have to explain Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
At her age, she probably could not remember a time, in the pop singer were not black.
Again was, no laws or constraints.
A conforming society meant that every element of this society gratefully agreed to the principle of group talent - grateful as the spared by fate.
People with African-Caribbean origin were eligible by temperament and body type for entertainment and sports, so they sang and ran.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent, were blessed by nature with such electronic talent and were cared for with the task of ensuring that no family remained without a functioning telephone service.
What was left of the Polish community, taking care of the sewage system; what was left of the Greeks, smashed plates.
Those whose grandparents had not left the country quickly from the Gulf states and the Levant as WAS DONE WAS WHEN IT DONE WAS to be geschah- lest charged fire inciting, for fear even that the flames would consume the next - had Labneh- and shisha pipes restaurants opened, talked and were considering depressed with the inaction.
Each according to his abilities.
Since she had only heard ballads, it fell Ailinn hard to understand how the offensive words that had just sung her Kevern, were each set to music.
Music was an expression of love.
"They're not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people whose feet are too big.
My father never insulted anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him the false sense of security.
Nothing could overcome the sound of giant cabbage-like leaves.
Ailinn still did not understand.
Why would your father something should love?
He wanted to say that it was a joke, but hesitated to put in her presence again two fingers to his lips.
She thought already that it was a little weird.
"It seemed to him funny," he said instead.
She shook her head in disbelief, blocking Keverns view.
It was all over the world to see nothing more than her unkempt black hair.
There was nothing he would not otherwise want to see.
"If you say so," they mean without conviction.
But that does not explain why you sing to me.
She seemed worried honest.
Are my feet too big?
He looked again.
Your feet so not right.
Maybe your knuckles, a little bit ...
And you say you hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course I do not hate you.
It's just that stupid song.
He could have said "I love you", but it was still too early.
"Your thick ankles are exactly the reason why I like you," he tried instead.
I'm a bit perverse.
That did not sound right.
It was supposed to be funny.
If he was trying to be funny, he brought himself often in trouble because he does not like his father had the soothing charm, the one needed to tame the inherent cruelty in jokes.
Perhaps his father wanted to be cruel.
Maybe he wanted, Kevern, be.
Despite his friendly eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and rose from her deck chair, threw to the console and spilled the wine they had drunk.
Elderflower wine, so was drunkenness is no excuse for him.
In her excitement she seemed to tremble, like palm fronds in the storm.
"And your thick head is exactly the reason why I'm attracted to you pervert," she said ...
Except that I'm not.
He felt sorry for, both because of the unnecessary rudeness of his words as well as the fear that showed in her eyes when she rebelled against him.
She thought that he would beat them?
She had not told him about the life on the cold northern archipelago, where she had grown up, but he had no doubt that it is essentially so was like here.
Here, the same huge and icy ocean broke down as there on the shore.
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and morose after what had happened as it had been their ancestors as a smuggler and beach robbers moved from pub to pub, always ready to raise his hand against a woman who refused to join them or ridiculed ,
Dick head?
They would have shown her a thick fist when she was not looking!
They snog only - smooching was the most commonly used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the bland love ballads from the console - they smooch first and then beat.
After Keverns view that was an unnecessary refinement since the smooching itself already constituted an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomons gave him through her a sign to go.
He rose from the deck chair like an old man.
She felt too leaden, but the force of his sadness surprised her.
That was not the end of the world.
They knew each other hardly.
She watched him as he walked away - like from a room upstairs while her companion was watching him - man, weighed down with something that he himself had conjured up.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had their hands raised against them.
A man turned away from her, bent his back, ashamed, defeated without fighting spirit - why that was a sight she seemed to know well if you still could not remember a single time, in which they anything like this before had seen the day before?
When she was alone again, Ailinn Solomons looked down at her feet.
Several years ago the just told incidents worked Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher on behalf of Ofnow, the non-legislative monitoring body for the public mood, on a short presentation about the continued violence in low- and middle-level in exactly those areas, where the reduction, if not elimination have been, most likely to occur, given the money and energy that had been invested in the eradication of this violence.
"It has already done a lot, and a lot remains to be done," she wrote, "to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people led thousands of wars and most of them won, especially in the remote areas and valleys of the country, in where the sweet breath of human kindness has been historically despite the towering steeples between the hedges rarely felt.
But some characteristics turn out to be ineradicable.
The higher the steeple, it seems, the lower the passion he still wakes.
The population is crying while listening to sentimental ballads, drunk with stories about Overcoming difficulties and asserts firmly believe in the virtues of marriage and family life, but not only keeps the former rudeness rural communities as well as our urban fabric firmly in hand, but there is also evidence for the emergence of a new and sneaky contentiousness at home, at work, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to exaggerate," said her mentor, when he had read the whole report.
I suggest that you read less fiction.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I also have to ask: are you an atheist?
"I think that I need not say," replied Esme walnut.
Are you a lesbian?
Again Esme invoked their right to privacy and denial of testimony.
Feminist?
More silence.
"I do not ask that," Luther Rabinowitz said finally, "because I was against atheism, lesbianism or feminism.
This is a prejudice-free workplace.
We serve an unprejudiced society.
But certain types of hypersensitivity, which is absolutely acceptable and laudable in itself, can occasionally results as you imagined it, distort.
They themselves have obviously prejudices against the Church, and those things that you describe as "sneaky" and "raw" could of course strength and vitality are interpreted by others as well as an expression of.
If you continue on the harping, what will happen is when it happened is as if it, if it had happened would have happened yesterday, means the country to take its essential vitality.
Esme walnut looked around while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head a repeated LED lettering in Flamingo Pink the advice that Ofnow had left the country in the last quarter of a century or longer.
Smile your neighbors, you cherish your partner, listen to ballads, visit musicals, use your phone, talk, explain, listen to you, you agree to excuse yourself.
Speaking is better than silence, the sung word is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
"I understand completely, what are you getting," Esme Walnut answered in a calm voice, as if she was sure that her boss had finished speaking, "and I say nothing more than that we are not healed as effective as we delude ourselves.
My concern is that we might find there again without warning us, as we repeat the mistakes that led only to what HAPPENED WHEN IT HAPPENED ever.
This time there are not the other, where we leave our anger and our distrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with his hands.
In order to imply patience of a saint.
"You go too far," he said, "if you act as a" call errors "who our grandparents may or may not have committed.
You go too far, if you say that they had omitted their "anger" and their "distrust" of "other".
It should not be necessary actually to remember someone in your position that we and "others" speak in understanding the past as in the protection of the present, not by "us".
There was no "we" and there were no "other".
It was a time of disorder, that's all we know.
"From when we are honest with ourselves," Esme dared to interject, "can claim no part of society, to have behaved well.
I accuse no one.
Whether it was done badly or well, what's done is done.
That was then.
This requires nothing more to be said - because we agree.
And must be assigned to exactly how not to blame, as well as any debt must be repaid if such repayment would be appropriate and if there was a way to repay it.
But what is the past if we do not learn from it -
The past is to ensure that we forget.
If I may say something to -
Luther Rabinowitz let coincide his pyramid.
"I will consider their report," he said, and dismissed them.
The next day when she went to work as usual, she was hit by a motorcyclist who was passers as described, driven in a "brutal anger" on the footpath.
Coincidences there.
Lesotho military member says no coup was planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho denied having planned a coup to overthrow the government and said that they took action against the police officers, which the arming of political fanatics accused.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country and said that the country's army had surrounded his official residence and occupied government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The Premier expressed his family in the adjoining South Africa after he had reported assassination threats.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there is no de facto coup, but that the military on the threat of "political fanatics" reacting whose armament was imminent by the police.
"Was what happened this morning, that the staff of the defense forces of Lesotho acted after he had received several intelligence reports that within the police operate some elements who wanted to actually arming some of the political, partisan young fanatics who were on the verge havoc wreak, "he told Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said that military action had made the impression of a coup.
"Although no one has claimed to have the government usurped by force, all the reports are to agree that the activities of the defense forces of Lesotho far show signs of a coup d'etat," he said.
Spokesman of the military from Lesotho told on Sunday that the soldiers withdrew to their barracks and the situation in the capital is calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Metsing Mothetjoya assumes the governance during Thabanes absence.
Thabane said that he thinks he's become a target because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country.
In Lesotho there was great tension in June after Thabane parliamentary sessions exposed in his unity government because of disputes.
He said his actions had not undermined the government, otherwise accusations notwithstanding.
Production in the euro zone on a 13-month low
The increase in production in the euro zone slowed in August to the lowest point of the past 13 months, a closely watched study.
The final Markit purchasing managers' index in the manufacturing sector (PMI) fell in August to 50.7 in, after a reading of 51.8 in July.
An indication over 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders declined and factories experienced burglaries in a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia via Ukraine.
Making the numbers before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday a.
The markets expect the Bank a clear plan for dealing with a faltering recovery in the euro zone as well as the threat of deflation in an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
There is speculation to the fact that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, could provide further information during the course of this week, if he draws a quantitative relief for the euro area into consideration, according to those that were made by Britain and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth, the braking effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainty for manufacturers have become more apparent," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to its lowest level in 11 months at 51.4.
In the meantime, fell in the second largest economy of the block, France, the PMI to 46.9.
France remains a problem child, as well as the descent in Italy of a solid expansion to stagnation.
Evidence that incentives for growth in key industrial mechanism Germany, Spain and the Netherlands are no longer effective are also not reassuring, "said Mr Dobson.
The decline in industry probably stoking the fire of analysts expect further monetary or fiskale incentives.
Positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999th
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best thing you can say for the purchasing managers' index in the manufacturing sector in the euro area in August is that after the sector continues to grow."
He added: "Producers in the euro zone find life at present obviously quite difficult as the current increased geopolitical tensions - particularly with regard to Russia and Ukraine - uncertainties in the continued difficult conditions in many countries enlarge.
This increased uncertainty have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and consumer confidence, and presumably results that some jobs may be delayed or even canceled, especially large orders.
He said that it was "increasingly likely" will, that the ECB must finally initiate a sort of QE, "though we suspect that this will be limited."
The hell decade of the survivors of Beslan: Ten years have passed since the terrible siege of the school, such as the fact entangled children suffer today.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people by Chechen militias in a school in Beslan in southern Russia were taken hostage.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world, killed.
We returned to Beslan, to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the atrocity in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the terrible siege of the school in Beslan, in which 334 people died, including 186 children, warned the heroic survivors last night in front of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
Took as a fanatical Islamist terrorists children and parents on 1 September 2004, the beginning of a new school year, captured and killed, seemed like the most evil of evil.
The tragedy united West and East in disgust, and then turned, surprisingly, in action and hope for the future in the middle of the worst misery.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan, to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the atrocity in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, though the memory of that terrorist hell they will pursue forever.
Your greatest hope?
That the war, which Ukraine now haunts - and in the children as they die - now comes to an end.
The girl, who was photographed in an attempt climb back into the battered Schulsporthalle
She was photographed by the famous Russian photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous when she tried only in their underwear, climb back into the battered school gymnasium after a mine had exploded.
Totally confused Aida looked after her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both were believed to be dead, but she survived.
"A woman told me that I should run for my life, but I could not," said Aida time.
My legs were covered in blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to look for my mother.
A soldier brought them to safety.
After a series of operations they thought he was completely cured, however, said yesterday: "Three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid that I have to have surgery again.
Some shrapnel still in my knee.
Your goal now is to be dentist to help people like her were helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it has not broken me," she says belligerently.
"That's happened to me, and can not be changed.
Once a year I always go to the gym, to remind me of those who have stayed there.
My friends and I try on other days not to talk about it.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were little, and dreamed of going to school together.
"I do not want to get married until I finish my studies and my career start.
On a family I think later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it, although the memory of each year is somewhat weak.
I am happy that many people around the world still remember our horror and we are so grateful for the help we received from people all over the UK and.
If I line the photo of me see how I climb back into the school, I think a lot of people see it for the first time, understand our disaster and help ensure that it does not happen again.
The boy, who fled through the hail of bullets, in the opinion, was his mother dead
It was his first day of school (Russians go with 7 years in the school) and survived the three-day siege in the arms of his mother Tamara.
The age of seven, he said, "Mom told me to lie down if there was an explosion, and hold her hand."
After an explosion, he thought she was going to die.
They said to him, "Run."
Fearful that she might be dead, he fled and saw on the way a crying infant, took her by the hand and fled through a hail of bullets.
His father Vladimir, who joined his son outside in the arms, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I could not save them."
In reality, Tamara had stumbled outside and with leg injuries in the hospital, turn on the assumption that her son had died.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried for joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (from the now defunct News of the World) to obtain by the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie the title of Barnardo's Children's Champion.
"This horror haunting you every day, but I wish I could quit remember," he said yesterday.
But I can say it is paler in my memory.
I remember that I immediately afterwards threw all my toy guns.
But now I can computer games with shot scenes and that's no problem for me.
"I'm not afraid to go back to the gym, but I do not think about myself after.
I remember these children with whom I played in the yard, and did not make it out.
We never say that they were killed or are dead.
We say that they have remained in the gymnasium.
I remember very well on my trip to London, especially at the toy store, where I could pick me everything I wanted, and the ride in an open-topped car.
But now he's afraid to place such as Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of misfortune that he and his friends suffered.
This horror haunting you every day, but I wish I could stop myself to remember.
"I'm so sorry to all those who suffer from the horrors," said Damir, the last week as a volunteer working in a monastery.
I want so much to help.
I will one day go to the police and hope they take me next year at the Training Academy.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children from our neighborhood were killed, can you imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there was simply no children who could call and walk around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She vividly remembers her trip to London with Damir.
People in London were crying when I told our story.
I understood then, as people can understand on the other side of the world, our feelings, and show their support.
She was Cherie Blair and her foundation grateful for the price and the possibility to travel to London in autumn 2004.
I wish I could call Cherie and just tell her yourself, that 10 years have passed, but I still remember the meeting me her and her husband in London, and as the Damir and has helped me.
I still remember how Damir wanted something to eat borscht and they called all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot with his water pistol at them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was only one month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British so willingly shared our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world has not improved in these 10 years.
In Ukraine, the war is now on, and every day people are dying, and I believe that many children have been killed and are still killing.
These are precisely those children like ours.
I think that for many of the war is a part of the messages that they hear when they are bored or busy with something else.
I know just what these people feel the whole horror.
And I can not stop doing it, to feel it.
Nothing has changed, the people want to still kill each other and that's so sad.
Damir was tall and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not aggressive or angry.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he is not overwhelmed by the recent atrocities.
I know that he does not remember it, but he has six close friends from the class and they occasionally go to the gym and there ignite candles.
When he was small, he suffered - I remember how he sometimes lay down on the bed, her face turned away from us, for hours.
Not asleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw away all his weapons and other military toys. Damir is now 17, taller than me, handsome, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I had a few hours so sure that he was dead and I would never see him again.
When I recovered after the blast and got to my feet, I looked around, and saw around hell to me, with all lying about body parts.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy could have survived impossible in this hell.
"I remember that I called to him," Damir, run, run away ", but I was so sure he had not heard me.
But he has heard it and he ran away.
And so life goes on, unlike many others, for us.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible picture after the siege became a symbol of the horrors of Beslan was
Trost: The Beslan survivors Georgy Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege in 2004, right a picture of George today
His blood-streaked face was lined with fear as he ran for his life, while Chechen terrorists gunned down his classmates.
His image was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had dropped him off for his first day of school before they rushed off to bring her elder son Vladimir to the university.
"I left the farm about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and so my little boy stayed there for three terrible days alone," she recalls.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives from us, but they were all killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer this date gets, the harder it is to remember and talk about it is.
There is no single day on which we do not remind us of this tragedy.
We do not think that it's a long time ago, I think it would have happened yesterday, some scenes from these days haunt me all the time.
No one will ever forget, I promise you.
Insistently: The image of George (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was a statue (right) immortalized.
I remember that George on this day so much wanted to go to school. He said he wanted to hug his teachers.
I knew only that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now there is even the statue of the weeping Georgy in San Marino.
George sees the image does not like, and it is hidden in our home on the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also think that the people around the world thanks to this image feel our pain.
Georgy says today: "It is important for that to happen it never again.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
The people investigating such tragedies again and never learn the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever find out what caused it?
This world will be something terrible.
"I can not understand how that's possible, because if you ask the people, nobody wants a war, so how does this happen?
Ten years is nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget it a little bit.
It has attacked my health and I feel it still.
About three or four years I have had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it got better.
I went later in 2004, back to school and had every day anxiety.
I thought of my friends and classmates who had been killed.
That is why I always go to the gym when September 1st is approaching.
I want to express my my old childhood friends tribute.
It's hard for me to go to the gym, but I have to do it.
I do not feel as victims, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I do not pity me.
My life goes on.
I have finished school this year and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I'm going to be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was a training in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health did not allow that.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgy Fanijew, 20
The boy who survived, though he was caught at the feet of a murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgy Fanijew was captured during the siege at the feet of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was trapped in the sports hall and sat next to the bomb that was attached to the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It really is a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel it as if it were yesterday," says George, who wanted to go as an intelligence officer for the FSB, but could not do because of health damage caused by the siege.
It's still with me, there is nothing that I have left behind me.
I'm older now and people say that children can easily deal with bad experiences - I have to say that's not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists and felt after actually a little better, but I can not forget it.
And I'd like to forget.
2005 - the year after that - was the first and only time that I went to the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I'll never go back there and do not ask me to show you where I've been sitting in this famous image.
Survivor: Georgy Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous, and I wear it every day with me.
My friends know that I do not like thinking about it or talk about it and they never asked me after school.
Physically I'm fine.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but now I can run well.
But because of my health, I could not study at the Secret Service Academy of the FSB in St. Petersburg, as I wanted.
I have my documents, also sent medical and they answered that it was not possible.
My second passion was the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have been there already two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals "of cats to cows".
He said: "I knew that I would never tell my children about my experiences.
In addition, children should not know anything and they should not suffer it, of course.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "This pain never leaves me.
He is in my soul, worse if the anniversary is approaching.
I'll go to the celebrations commemorating.
I know that George will not go there.
It still needs to be much more violent for him because he was there and I did not.
I waited for him at home and could not help.
I am so thankful to God that he has been returned to me. Here in Beslan are all drawn from it.
It remains in us.
George is now an adult, but this horror is still in him.
It's hard to accept that, if a bit so happens Unfair.
He is a boy, he likes sports, but he is unable to attend due to his knee.
He was operated on several times, he can run, but do not exercise.
I would say that he has overcome the horror to 50%, but you can never completely overcome and forget.
This terrible experience will always haunt us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed in the siege, and the only strengthened my pain.
I've lost a lot of people I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift that God could give me, but my heart weeps for those killed.
I know of families in which new children were born, but also of widows, who never remarried.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you do not want that.
I'll never forget how my heart leaped within me as I saw him in the hospital.
And now I see what's going on in the world - wars in other regions.
What fight these people?
Why did they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country and I can not believe almost.
We were used to be a friendly country, how can it be that we are now struggling?
People and children suffer, I am sure that for many children have been killed in Ukraine, and many are killed.
If we could just all grab and throw these Rebels - as far away as possible.
Alyona Tskajewa, 10
The baby was so poignant supported by a special task force in security
Rescued: Alyona Tskajewa is brought by a Russian special task force in security (left).
It is now ten (right) and reminds not adhere to the atrocities
The world held its breath in 2004, when the baby Alyona was carried in the arms of a Russian police officers from the siege of Beslan.
The terrorists let them go, but stopped in their cruelty their 30-year-old mother, the 10-year-old sister Kristina and her brother Makhar back in the school gymnasium.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father Ruslan married again since then and has with his new wife Svetlana, that he has called for his lost daughter Kristina a little girl.
Alyona, now ten years old does not remember the siege and has grown into an intelligent and happy girl, say neighbors.
"You are now one big happy family and Aliona and Makhar are both great kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to spare them all the memories that come up with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
Man accused of having girls run over to pedestrians crossing in Fife
A 78-year-old man is due to run over a three-year-old girl on a pedestrian crossing in Fife in court.
Gordon Stewart is accused of having a girl approached on the transition in Pittenween in East Neuk.
The indictment specifies Mr. Steward had controlled his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and the girl hurt.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation before Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC sat on the procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you want to take pictures or videos underwater, there is a selection of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action cam like the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which can be had for about $ 300.
I took these photos on a family celebration with several cameras, all of which are available at a price of under $ 350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are some rules for the best results.
Control your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery compartment and other compartments are sealed.
Make. Your camera also on the photos or videos, which you want to record
Some cameras and camcorders feature scene and shooting modes with which the exposure time for the dim underwater conditions is optimized.
And before you jump into it, check the depth to which your equipment is functional.
Some cameras are only allowed up to 5 feet, others to 50 or 60 feet.
Search through our Buying and reviews for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Make multiple recordings - because many will not fold.
Point-and-shoot cameras have an LCD, allowing you to compose images, Action Cams normally.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to consider this under water, and the correct image adjustment is a matter of luck.
So you make a lot of shots.
If your camera has a series mode, with a series of shots with slightly different exposure settings to be made, then use it.
Stay close to the surface.
The light is dramatically worse the farther you move away from the surface.
If possible, so stay close to the surface, if you shoot in a pool, a lake or the sea.
This allows you to bring more color to your photos; The deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Walk up close to the objects.
This is also good advice to country, but he is under water all the more important because of poor lighting conditions.
It is especially important when you are working with an action cam: These devices often have a fixed wide-angle lens, which means that you need closer to your objects if they are to fill the entire image frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the variety whose character changed things, even in such a gigantic organization like the NHS.
As an advisory anesthetist he devoted his career to the task, both to spare the patients the agony of the disease as well as the anguish of treatment.
Among his patients, so remembers his wife, was an MI6 employee who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that the doctors diagnoses and diseases are important, while the treated are mainly busy with something completely different: pain.
One day in 2007, he was the one whose ordeal began.
"I did not feel," he wrote in May of this year.
I had difficulty to rouse me.
While he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he noticed that he eagerly reproached his wife Juliet.
"I want it all at once rather than later," he noted.
As Juliet was for a week on a business trip to Lawson felt quite unusually, and worried for no reason.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to make an X-ray examination of his chest.
Just two weeks ago he had been in the French Alps for skiing.
The result of X-ray examination was before.
He was suffering from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer, which the pleura, so attacks the lungs be coated skin.
As with most cancers, the exact trigger is often difficult to determine.
For example, while some smokers develop lung cancer, lung cancer sufferers all have not been previously smoking.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases the trigger is an asbestos - contact with the fiber building materials, once as a "miracle substance" was but has since been recognized as deadly.
For most of us, mesothelioma is a disease that can easily ignore how.
Asbestos is ultimately a product of the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos was no longer used in Great Britain since the 1960s, when the industry voluntarily undertook, this no longer use.
Even where it was still used, only people working in certain sectors directly with the substance - plumbers, construction workers, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial hazardous substance from another time, he now seems to be hardly worrying.
But this complacency is misplaced.
United Kingdom, it seems, is today experiencing the culmination of a Mesoltheliom epidemic.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from this disease than in traffic accidents.
Annual numbers of Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and likely future deaths in the UK
The reason why we are experiencing the deadly effects now, although asbestos is illegal for years (1999, all types of asbestos prohibited), is that a mesothelioma developed after decades.
And the scourge of mesothelioma is not limited to former workers of the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is often still present in the houses in which we live, the offices where we work, the schools where we learn and the stores where we shop.
And therefore knows Mesothelioma no class barriers, financial limits, professions or age.
The privileged bastions, from the elegant department stores in London up to private schools, are not a shelter.
The Parliament buildings are contaminated with asbestos.
Even in the hospitals where we need not be healthy, have already been identified as initial foci of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not a plumber.
It was hard indeed to imagine where he could possibly come into contact with asbestos.
Then he found out.
"It looks as if a lot of asbestos was present in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I completed my education for six years." he wrote.
All - students, nurses, doctors and porter - use the tunnel.
One wonders how many of my peers are suffering from the same disease?
Unfortunately, he could at least partially answer this question.
"Of the four doctors who have been trained at Guy's Hospital, and the sick in the past five years to mesothelioma," he wrote in 2010 in a letter, "I am the last one who is still alive."
How many of us are still ill?
At Andrew Lawson mesothelioma was diagnosed at the age of 48 years.
When he died on 17 February this year, he was 55th
This was an unusually long survival.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months after diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
Therefore, we can only repeat Lawson's question: "How many of us are still ill"
The leading expert of Britain to mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, believed to 1870-2050, when the asbestos epidemic in the UK is expected to grind to a halt, a total of 90,000 of the disease have fallen victim to.
Most of them do not have any idea that they are going to die so at the moment.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick look at the records of the courts to which the parties concerned often call for compensation claims, shows how far the scourge of Mesothelioma is already widespread.
In June this year Marks & Spencer admitted, for example, to have negligently exposed to asbestos Janice Allen.
She worked for nine years for the chain from 1978 to 1987, was in charge on the clothing department at two sites - one of which is the flagship store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years than when she started working at M & S.
Now she has two children in their twenties.
"Before this thing," she says, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I do not even really knew anything about asbestos.
I never thought that this would affect me times.
There are few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the term asbestos is not a substance, but a group of six minerals relates.
The name comes from the word "asbestiform" ago, a description of the fiber structure that makes the material resistant and flexible.
Three of the six were used in construction.
Chrysotile, also known as white asbestos, which today is by far the most commonly found asbestos in buildings.
It was used for roof tiles, floor tiles, pipe insulation, boiler insulation, even for brake linings in cars.
It is less deadly than other forms of asbestos, but is considered yet by the EU and the WHO as a "major health hazard" or death.
More dangerous, however, is the brown asbestos (amosite) and the blue asbestos (crocidolite).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suggest that "there is significant, but indirect evidence that this was a major reason for the unique high Mesotheliomraten."
An employee of Marks & Spencer has been suspended in the flagship store in Oxford Street, London, asbestos Alamy
Janice Allen has perhaps not seen as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that her story is by no means unusual.
He has conducted a study of those affected submitted, is shown in that "a substantial proportion of mesothelioma with no known exposure was probably caused by work or in the home by asbestos contact in the environment."
A majority of these contacts based on his testimony to the "normal use and aging" of our building.
It looks as if no one could expect to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which has studied the Palace of Westminster shows how people could also have been at the heart of government, unknowingly exposed to the substance.
2009 Goddard reported that the service shafts and pipes were contaminated after the committee rooms of Parliament with asbestos, whose fatal fibers could be stirred up by something as harmless as "strong air movements".
Parliament members are often accused, to look after their own interests, but here it looks like, as would apply to the reverse.
While the Directorate of the Parliamentary Labor Service insisted that the Palace of Westminster had received a "clean bill of health", it is now undisputed that must be applied £ 1 billion effort over several years to renovate the Parliament to modernize the electrical systems and the asbestos to remove, and that after the general elections of 2015, the Members will probably take more at the nearby QE2 conference center than on the green benches in Westminster.
The Goddard report also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos has not been handled in accordance with the relevant provisions."
No one can know if this mismanagement will cost lives.
Anything you can do now is wait.
A person who was able to determine the exposure to asbestos never exactly is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson believed the 50-year-old Abbott that he was exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I worked in a hospital, were decided positively in the asbestos litigation," he says, "but I can not prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all the places you've worked, and to the data.
What did he still remembers the exact day early December 2009, where he got such a kind of fever.
He was 45, and led straight late in the evening an operation.
Suddenly I had chills.
It came all of a sudden.
I felt terrible.
I thought no longer to create the ride home.
As a doctor, knew Abbott that the pain from the pleura, skin stemmed around his lungs around.
But as Janice Allen he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He did not go a month working.
Surprised doctors did X-rays of his chest and put on Pleurakathether to remove fluid from the lungs and to test in the laboratory.
His complaints, however, remained without diagnosis.
His health improved slowly, and he returned to work.
However, from time to time, the symptoms returned, often after exercise and heavy breathing.
2011 was a patient Abbotts with similar symptoms in his practice and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now it is not joined Abbott in his own case.
After all, his patient was a few decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The compound in the case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition deteriorated again and his doctor brought his CT scans and X-rays to an expert group.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott had felt ill for the first time, equipped with a camera probe was inserted into the cavity between the rib and the pleura.
I am an optimist.
I'm mostly just continue, "he says.
Frankly, I had not made me so worried.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
The result of the biopsy was the week between Christmas and New Year before: "They told me that it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: mesothelioma diagnosis
Suddenly Abbott had to take appointments with Macmillan nurses, one of which told him a lawyer.
Only now he realized the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very widespread, especially in large public buildings, where pipes were often insulated with asbestos," he says.
The people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings, ill now.
And so mesothelioma will now face younger people who have not worked in the typical occupations.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos insulation in hospitals were below the earth, so patients were more likely not exposed to the substance.
But many employees who transferred in pedestrian tunnels from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson) or ate in canteens underground (as did Graham Abbott often), were most likely in contact with toxic substances.
It turns out that for several decades after the war hospitals for patients were potentially life-saving, but life-threatening for the attending physicians.
He is still far today.
Students presented their Bunsen burner from asbestos mats.
And it concerns not only hospitals.
Asbestos has been widely used because of its fabulous insulating and flame retardant properties in offices, shops, libraries and town halls.
Even schools.
In fact, many people have probably had the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Throughout the country, thousands of hours chemistry, students have parked their Bunsen burner on asbestos mats.
On the subject of asbestos is now websites frequently addressed in schools.
And meanwhile, have so innocent objects in our homes as floorboards or shed roofs default contain asbestos.
"It is an industrial poison that in large parts of our real estate is included," remarked Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who has represented Andrew Lawson in his trial of Guy's Hospital.
In one case, was the only contact that occurred an affected woman, the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So beware how you demolish your garden shed.
The effects of diagnostics, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to process it," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to go on, but I realized that I could not concentrate on what I was doing.
I was two weeks in practice.
Then I knew I had to go and I take care of myself.
Well, I'll see no more Christmas.
With the greatest difficulty was the change in perspective from the position of a doctor to a patient.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how he was overwhelmed by all the information that he had to come to terms.
"It was very hard to take it all," he says.
"I asked my doctor," as long as I do? "
And you gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "Well, I'll see no more Christmas.
That's it. ""
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious because it is our life-support mechanism - the breathing itself - is that caused the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos consists of tiny fibers.
If the asbestos is swirled and the fibers are inhaled, they can relax in the pleura, the skin around the lungs, fix.
Asbestos fibers irritate the pleura and can cause cell mutations.
"The problem arises with the needle-like asbestos fibers inhaled," said Professor Tom Treasure, a cardiothoracic physician who moved to the Guy's Hospital in 2001.
Exactly the hospital, from the Andrew Lawson believed that it has exposed him to asbestos, is now ironically, a leading center for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others who were probably also exposed to asbestos during their training at the hospital.
Once the asbestos needles reach the lung tissue, says Treasure, "they are pushed out of the breathing process to the edge, where the skin is.
By nature, it is invasive from the beginning.
The usual options for other cancers not work as well with mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of an operation, for example, been hotly debated.
Some say that it was worth a try.
Treasure denies this.
"You can not cut out the pleura," he says.
They come with the knife not around it.
Meanwhile, says the cancer "to chemotherapy is not very good," the "effect shows", but does not heal.
"Sometimes there are long-term survivors," says Treasure.
But in the end they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live really long, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis Graham Abbott is still struggling.
Having contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came into contact with Andrew Lawson, who had become four years after his diagnosis, a one-man support and advisory office for Mitbetroffene.
"Hello, cancer center," he introduced himself with calls happily.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had his diagnosis received 4 years ago and was still very active.
Originally Abbott had been offered six cycles of chemotherapy that would last four months and probably prolong his life only by one month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, made it "things to make them appear in a more positive light."
After consulting several doctors Abbott, decided his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang Lazdunski continue cardiothoracic specialist at Guy's.
"We had an advantage in that I did not have to be made, I just called and got an appointment," Graham admits.
A normal patient would have to get a referral and have to wait for the approval of treatment.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma sufferers to perceive the best available therapies.
But if these treatments ultimately fail inevitably, are many sufferers of another financial worry - about the future of the families they leave behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous for your health," says Morgan.
But what in the 1960s has changed, that it was realized that even a very low burden posed a health risk.
And here the negligence of the company began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital made their case finally at, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full compensation", as Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma was attributed to asbestos a contact at Guy's.
After investigating his death a spokesman for the Guy's, but confirmed that "the asbestos fibers have been removed in the affected basement area in the 1990s."
That was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How asbestos can be removed
Indeed, it is for mesothelioma sufferers who seek to compensation, an enormous problem, assign the deadly asbestos contact a company or workplace - usually decades after the events.
Many of their former employer have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who defend themselves against claims, know that the time for them, but certainly not with the plaintiffs.
In response, there was this year significant new legislation that makes it easier for mesothelioma sufferers easier to sue for compensation, even if their former employer are not to be found.
The law has a funded by the insurance industry fund of £ 350 million set for all who have been diagnosed by June 2012, be able to demonstrate a contact, but can sue anybody.
In these cases, the applicants will receive 80 percent of what a court in an ordinary lawsuit for damages they could award - about 120,000 pounds.
Approximately 300 successful applications to the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks like so many mesothelioma sufferers that £ 350 million represented a "very good job" in the insurance industry.
"That's a deal from insurers for insurers," he says, and suggests that it is this amount to a quarter of these, which insurers would have paid if the time would not ignore gone above and mesothelioma sufferers find the company and they might accuse normal.
Even Mike Penning, the then Work and Pensions Minister, admitted that the law "not perfect" is.
But both Penning as Morgan agreed that in view of seven deaths a quick action is necessary daily.
"The people are suffering so much and need help now," said Penning during the second consultation of the mesothelioma law in December of last year.
At this point, Graham Abbott was in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang Lazdunski for 19 months.
After their first consultations Long-Lazdunski recommended an operation, from which it expects a positive effect unlike Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied by radiation therapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy, with the Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate for five years of up to 40 percent.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"This is of course with the most important thing," says Abbott.
This can be seen repeatedly in patients.
There's something that keeps you going up.
If you give up, you're doing very rapidly worse.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery in March 2012.
He had the end of August the last of six chemotherapy cycles behind.
Aftercare scans showed no signs of disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were several cancer-spots around my chest.
I was just 50th
This is not life-threatening.
That's lebensbeendend.
Again, Abbott underwent six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now no trace of the tumor longer visible.
But the process is physically and mentally exhausting.
You have to think of practical things - about the money, if I'm not, for example, or my wife to show how the boiler timing works.
If you get bad news, you will be negative.
You must look to the future.
As a father of Ellie, 16 and Tamsin, 14, which is not always easy.
"For parents, the difficulties," he says.
It's hard to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I told my girls that I had a disease with which I would not be old.
They had varying reactions.
Tamsin is very sociable and boisterous.
They told their friends and soon we got a lot of calls.
Ellie was more reserved.
They did not say much.
Such conversations are something that have to go through all cancer patients.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such talks are not permeated by hope, not a trace of hope of survival.
The disease brings (as ultimately also for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life threatening.
Wrapped body embalmed pharaohs in asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibers, which were used for the amplification of cooking pots and for a greater heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
There has been developed a fabric that is not combustible.
I've seen it braise napkins at banquets in the chimneys.
The use of modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (including banknotes) and fabric.
Important asbestos mines are opened in Canada and South Africa and shortly after in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production increases to more than 30,000 tons annually.
Statisticians of Prudential identify premature death rate among those who work with asbestos. This will then receive no more life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw died in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke states that asbestos particles in the lungs "are the main cause of death without a reasonable doubt".
This is the first case of its kind.
Kershaw's employer, Turner Bros Asbestos, assume no liability.
It is paid no compensation.
During the Second World War ships are intensively built, one of the deadliest operations relating to asbestos contact.
Voluntary renunciation of the industry on the import of blue asbestos
An appeals court confirmed the first successful people claim for damages in the UK due to contact with asbestos.
The global asbestos production increases to more than 4,213,000 tons annually.
UK imported 139,000 tonnes.
A Health and Safety Executive in the UK requires all companies that work with asbestos, the license acquisition.
The import and the use of blue and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in the UK.
Any use of asbestos is banned in Britain.
The mesothelioma law is passed in the UK.
A compensation program of £ 350 million will be announced.
Asbestos has been banned in more than 50 countries, white asbestos is however still used in many countries around the world as an inexpensive building material.
Global production is annually about 2 million tons.
China refuses Hong Kong law on government election, protesters vow retaliation
On Sunday, the Chinese Parliament, despite the increased calls for democratic reforms decided against the nomination of candidates for the elections in 2017 by the Hong Kong electorate.
This approach probably fired the long announced protests in Hong Kong's business district, while activists initiated the planning and mobilization to within hours of the announcement in the way.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress will allow the Communist leaders in principle, reject all non Beijing loyal candidates.
"This is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," said legal expert Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
That's not what Beijing had promised.
You lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of China's decision said Li Fei, Deputy Secretary General of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress that allowing public nominations in the elections for the Hong Kong government to "chaotic" would.
Since 1997, when Britain returned control of Hong Kong to the Chinese, Beijing has promised to let the people choose the government presided from 2017.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision of Sunday as a democratic breakthrough because it gives the citizens of Hong Kong direct suffrage, but the decision also makes clear that the Chinese leadership firmly maintains the flow through a controlled closely by Beijing nominating committee in his hand.
According to a new clause also should only candidates are admitted "with love of country and love for Hong Kong".
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest protests in Hong Kong and publikumswirksamsten held for several years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is the movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to foreclose the financial district, if Beijing does not allow genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday night gathered within hours of the announcement, hundreds of Occupy Central supporters in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
The demonstration organizers said that their movement had reached a new level of civil disobedience and they were planning a protest wave in the coming weeks.
However, they did this, no further details, apparently in order to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online message, the organizers stated that the movement "has drawn the occupation of the central district only as a last resort, an action that should only take place when all dialogue opportunities have been exhausted and no alternative exists.
Sorry to have to say that all dialogue opportunities have been explored today, and the occupation of the central district will definitely take place.
The Hong Kong authorities have been preparing for days to the announcement in Beijing, and there were on Sunday in front of the government building more stringent security measures, including police officers and barricades.
The riots are reinforced by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control of their city.
The influx of people from the mainland increased competition for products and services.
In addition, the fear grows that the values ​​of Hong Kong begin as democracy and freedom of speech under the growing pressure Beijing to crumble.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy Central movement as it business operations - the lifeline of Hong Kong - hazardous.
"The protests, of which they speak, could cause great economic damage, depending on how many are involved and how long they last," said legal expert Regine Ip, which has long criticized the movement.
We do not want stoke fears that Hong Kong out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
The state-controlled media in China also reported recently on democracy activists in Hong Kong as controlled by Western powers subversive agents.
This summer organized an unofficial referendum activists to the voting rights, where 780,000 people took part - over a fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of school proms in the US is now transferred to the universities where Freshmen performances offered by private aircraft.
We are delighted to be able to respond to this demand and to deliver the first luxury travel service Britain for students of today.
In order to achieve a particularly impressive showing at the University, the company also offers transportation options such as private aircraft, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also stated that the service had a security division.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who otherwise would have chauffeured through the country their belongings in a dangerously overloaded car.
Together with our new VIF options we are looking forward to make this year that the students reach the university with a minimum of fuss and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesman said that no new postings yet have more because the service had been just been introduced, but added that "students book the service in the next few weeks" would.
The company also announced that, in spite of the tuition fees of 9,000 pounds per year expecting a market in this property.
Students today differ in their expectations and demands a lot from the students before 10, 20, 30 or 40 years - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and with VIF can be just that.
However, when lifted The National Student Union criticized the service.
Megan Dunn, vice president of the NUS Higher Education said: "This offer seems completely separate from the lives of the majority of students.
Many students begin this month with the study, is a crisis of the cost of living to see exposed, because the available financial assistance in the form of loans and grants do not keep up with the soaring bills for the most basic livelihood step before it can ever remember thousands outputting of pounds for something as simple as the arrival dorm.
Feminists criticize racial issue and police behavior after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. earlier this month.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang, "Hands up, do not shoot," while she waited outside the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
After her experience set white feminist commentators sex before the race when it comes to addressing reproductive rights and income inequality.
While tensions in the Midwest but rose and across the country were given attention, saw Perez that the responses of white women turned to 100% to the breed.
Compared with the responses of black women shortly after the shooting on August 9, the personal essays came with titles such as "thought to Ferguson by a white woman" and "feminism is not just about the oppression of women" relatively late.
But for Perez meant an important change.
"I do not think there are many people in the feminism that will be on the White and speaking privileges on such high-class kind," she said.
People felt urged to express something to the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis in which we find ourselves, and because the situation in Ferguson is ethnicized that you need to express that.
For English Professor Koritha Mitchell from Ohio State University Ferguson brought problems to light, which black Americans are exposed to every day, but which are not considered to be "women's issues" in the cultural space.
"I can publish something funny on Facebook about me and my partner and get 150 Likes from everywhere," said Mitchell.
If I post something about how Colored stand in their own country under siege, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to speak publicly about a relationship, but not on safety in public places?" she asked.
Have studied in US history for black women as Mitchell, the race, gender and sexuality, there is no dichotomy between racial and gender problems.
For them, black women have not had the luxury of the issues cleanly separate; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women now join the race and gender issues in the mainstream feminist circles, says Angela Hattery, Professor of Women's and Gender Studies at George Mason University that her predecessors were doing the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hattery.
White women had to be involved in the story to justify the lynching.
For Hattery the split between white and black women came to the point where the white fighters for women's suffrage as Susan B. Anthony analyzed the country in the late years of the 19th century and found that the struggle for the right to vote a on each group could be successful: women or black.
"They made the decision to stand up for women's suffrage, and the right to vote for blacks was to come later," said Hattery.
If one remembers such things, one realizes with power, why black women white women do not dare.
We have our job not done well.
We have never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women were given the right to vote in 1920, it took another decade until white women organized against lynching in the Association of Southern Woman Hanes Prevention of Lynching.
The group was created almost 40 years after the original request for help on the part of black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist responses to the issues raised by Ferguson - police behavior, racial discrimination - a mirror of the time, where white feminists "catch" toyed with the problems faced by black women sat down for generations apart.
"Would not it be great if the activists who have such traditional feminist platforms the right to education of a child would take as seriously as they do with the right to control conception?" asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second generation who have built their careers on the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now trying to understand what that means.
The famous white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks after the shooting death of Michael Brown on Facebook and published an incisive article by Rebecca Carroll, a columnist of the Guardian, in which it calls for more protests of white Americans against racism.
"I hope that women who have a different, but parallel reason to understand a body inherent danger - and views on race that are significantly different in public polls - will lead the changes," wrote Steinem.
Although Steinem represents a more intersectional feminism, are addressed in the race as well as gender issues, some are still baffled by their comments on the race issue in America.
Christina Sommers, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who Stole Feminism?" She told The People that young men in the United States, especially young black men, "far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinem comments on Ferguson standing in contrast to her earlier criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently released a small program, My Brother's Keeper, hung up to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were angry reactions from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The ratio of police to the black community is not the only problem that pushes to the forefront of mainstream feminism.
After the US border police have seized nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors on the southwest border of the country this year, the topic of immigration reform comes to the surface again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, Co-Chairman of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilized women for immigration reform, said that for a reconsideration of the issue as an important women's issue, they only had to publish the stories of immigrant women.
"These speak for themselves," said Mercado.
If the vast majority of work visas go to male immigrants who are the women who accompany them, in a position in which they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories will find an echo in the women's organizations," she said.
"Pig-house" in Ipswich is for sale
The image of a house for sale was removed from real estate agents, as has been clear that there was a big pig that had made themselves comfortable in the living room.
The detached house has a master bedroom, located on a private road in Ipswich and is offered for £ 120,000.
Among the details was a picture of the living room of the house - which included a pig that his head had laid on a sofa.
Estate Agents Connell said the pig in the photo was the pet of the owner.
"The photo was not published by mistake and has since been removed," said a spokeswoman for the company.
In the exposé of the house Connells described the former meeting house as a "unique house with a bedroom."
Although the broker has the image of the website removed, it still appears on promotional materials.
The home sales made in social media for interest, as some questioned whether the bank is included in the purchase price.
The SW-city Harvey home after winning the lottery a new millionaire
A lottery players from Harvey is this month off
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth continues, with a lucky winner who will receive nearly $ 1.1 million from the lottery draw on Saturday.
A newspaper stand in Harvey moved for the second time in five years the jackpot in the draw of the first division, for $ 1 million in November of 2009.
The lucky winner has yet to sign up, however.
The shopkeeper Steve Forward said the earnings concern of conversation in the small town in the south west of Perth.
The city talks of nothing else, and they are all pretty excited.
We thought that such profits might occur.
Eight WA-winners in the first Division celebrated last month gains, a fitting conclusion for a few happy weeks for the players in the state.
This past week was a player from Canning Vale one of five millionaires in August, after a couple from Belmont had previously achieved only a few weeks the mega profit of $ 7.5 million.
The winning pair had played for twenty years and said the profit allow them the opportunity to travel the world and buying a new house.
The millionaire Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in WA this year, with a total of nearly $ 85 million.
Leonidas asked in the gladiatorial arena
Not only the gladiators stood ankle-deep in mud at the first Rheinbacher Römertag at the amusement park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough yesterday to attract more than 1,000 visitors who braved the rain and the autumn cold and were inspired by the historic spectacle completely.
There was a varied selection of images, performances, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martial fighter force of the gladiator school "Amor Mortis" that this took every rain break to demonstrate their robust combat art in the prepared with soft sand arena.
Gladiator Owner "Leonidas" turned out to be humorous and knowledgeable presenter and sent one after his men in the ring for the heroic battle in different categories of gladiators.
First were the "Provocatoren" turn with rectangular shield and short sword and leg splint on his left leg and arm splint on his right arm.
This was followed by the "Essedarii" with breastplate, short sword and spear throwing and iron gladiator helmet, leg and arm.
Particularly impressive was the performance of "Retiarius", who took with cast net, trident and dagger against the "Secutor" and after a brief struggle pushed the boy to the ground.
Because the swords crashed together metallic, shields rattled and the lances flew buzzing through the arena that was a fear and worry are the health of the gladiators.
But on who had the imposing "Summa Rudis", the muscular referee, an ever vigilant eye.
"We wanted to revive the Roman life again and the culture of the Roman period make tangible," said Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizer "Friends Romans channel", the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation, was out of the theme park for a day a "Oppidum Romanum", a Roman town, as Deputy Mayor Claus Wehage noted in his welcoming speech.
Finally, the Romans have brought not only war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings that we admire today.
Remnants of which were to be admired even when Römertag, about "Aqueduct-marble" of the eleven meter high and 1400 meter long Roman Canal Bridge, which was one day at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus-Gesellschaft presented the water and energy supply then and now over, and CEO Petra Fricke knew: "We are moving today benefit from the knowledge of the past".
This is confirmed by a graduate surveyor Ralph saint from "engineering team Two" from Rheinbach, the surveying instruments of the Romans as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra imagined.
The Roman Villa in Blankenheim presented sketches and models of the excavations anno 1894 and bricks from the original hypocausts, the warm air heating, which was once the Roman villa heated.
Impressive also the footprints that had been left by Wolf and Fox two millennia ago in the footsteps of sound before burning them.
2011, the Office for Heritage Management at the Regional Association of the Rhineland had unearthed the remains of a Roman villa in the industrial park in North Rhine river.
We have a kiln for drying grain and malting found enclosing a farm building.
The building was probably a villa rustica, an agricultural property, belongs, explained the archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A number of finds from these excavations they presented in a glass case, including a large plate, a plurality of fine glassware as well as parts of a delicate necklace.
The villa had probably existed from the first to the fourth century AD, until the arrival of the Germans in what was then Roman Rhineland, suspected Morscheiser.
In her, the children also dealt with the Roman windmill game, similar to today's Nine Men's Morris, and they wrote as once the Roman students their names with metal styluses on wax tablets.
At the booth of Römerthermen Zülpich children mosaics were themselves lay, on the stand of the Glass Museum Rheinbach tinker glass mosaics and the state of the nature center Eifel Nettersheim a severe wheat mill stone serve to grind the flour for flatbread or a cereal.
With the two draft horses drawn faithfully recreated Roman traveling carriage visitors drove through the amusement park and came this past also at the impressive stand of the Municipal Gymnasium, which the results of its "Roman project weeks" presented here.
With Romans week from 13 to 21 September, the municipality Wachtberg is in the Rhineland 'objectives to Romans 2014, which commemorates the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago, bring.
Together with the local historical societies and the Wachtberger hiking club, the Partnership Association and the amateur dramatics circle Oberbachem offered for school classes and are reminiscent of the Roman past Wachtberg, among other thematic walks, a lecture, cookery lessons and guided tours.
Here, for example, is a Roman legionary talk about his work on the drafty Wachtberg, introduced plants as living monuments from the Roman period and presented a hilarious lesson in understanding between a group Wachtberger "Germanic" and newcomers Romans.
The Adendorfer primary school dedicated to the scope of a project week the Roman theme.
The Romans week the numerous, often visible but no longer at first glance footsteps of the Romans in Wachtberg to be experienced again.
In Wachtberger Rathaus a small presentation is reminiscent of the Fund of Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola: The epidemic burdened West Africa's economy
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a serious blow to the economy.
Markets have been orphaned - and international companies go the distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic offset the economy of West Africa a severe blow.
The harvest rotted in the fields, the mines are left orphaned and the markets - the virus has severely the region added.
Some international companies are already at a distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not just a medical crisis, but also an economic," says the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is the hardest hit
"It's a total disaster, we lose a lot of money," says Alhaji Bamogo, who sells on the second largest market in Liberia's capital Monrovia clothing.
Hits the market, only those who want to buy food or something for disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia is the hardest hit by the virus alone here fell fever more than 600 victims.
Recently declared the health authorities, the disease had advanced in every corner of the country.
Even in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria, the virus has spread.
In total, more than 1,500 people died, thousands more infected per se.
Foreign companies deduct employees
Everywhere in the resource-rich countries put companies out of their operation.
Foreign companies like the steel group Arcelor Mittal deduct their employees, several international airlines no longer fly to the affected regions.
The local traders and farmers respond: Few merchants will leave their homes to get supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia who are under quarantine, rotting among other things that are important for the export cocoa and coffee beans in the fields.
The farmers do not dare to leave their homes for the harvest.
Food is scarce
"People are getting less traveling," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris Expert for the economy of West Africa.
The man, for example, which normally goes to the market and sells his vegetables, prefers to stay at home.
Therefore, the population gets the consequences of the epidemic to be felt directly and urgently, food is scarce.
In the markets of dwindling supply of staple foods such as rice.
At the same time heavily dependent on international companies Region threatens a loss of image - with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies generally avoid the area for a long time, says Philippe Hugon of the French think tank Iris.
What matters is how far and how long the virus will not spread.
For investors the impression could arise, "that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, and thus also to invest," warns Hugon.
The disease burden and the strained budgets of States
The disease also burdened the already strained budgets of the countries concerned.
The rating agency Moody's is concerned that their budgets are strongly stressed by the high costs for the health system and also from the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank pledged already, help out the health systems of the affected countries at 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
Noticeably, the effects are already in Nigeria, where so far only a few Ebola cases were diagnosed.
While the oil-rich region in southern Niger Delta is not affected so far.
But elsewhere already many people stay at home for fear of contagion.
Even reservations in hotels back significantly.
Protect celebrate its 50th anniversary
The shooting club "Tannenwald" Berngau celebrates 12 to 14 September its 50th founding Festival.
At full speed the preparations at the gun club Tannenwald for the 50th founding Festival September 12 to 14.
It is planned on Friday 12 September a great evening of entertainment with the group "Dorfrocker".
On Saturday by 18 clock the big gun salutes.
Then is the marquee mood evening with the "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam".
Marching band provides the music
Highlights on Sunday include the festival service and 9:30 clock in the parish church and the great procession by 14 clock.
In the afternoon is the price distribution of federal and Gauschießens.
A particularly beautiful sight will be with their Dirndln the 25 hard ladies.
Festkapelle is the brass band Berngau.
The patronage took over Mayor Wolfgang Wild and State Secretary Albert Füracker.
The original name "Schützengesellschaft Tannenwald Berngau" dates back to 1907, when was founded on March 21, the Association for the "social conversation by exercise in Zimmerstutzen- and small-bore shooting."
The Nazi regime had in 1937 caused the dissolution of the association.
Only in 1964 have again 19 young men found that on April 30, in Luke the inn "new" gun club "Tannenwald" Berngau have lifted from the baptism.
Charles March and Adolf Ried led the club as Schützenmeister through a difficult initial period in which it primarily concern was to find a club house and install the firing operation.
As early as autumn 1965, the shooting club was launched at the inn "Leininger" with two teams in the round competitions.
In the following years, established the shooters who were now organized into seven teams, in all classes up to 1 Gauliga.
The club records tumbled every year and the magic number of 380 rings was achieved for the first time in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
Just as the performance of active shooters have increased, the number of members have developed positively.
After the club house "Leininger" no longer meets the requirements of a modern shooting club, the former managing committee has decided, under the leadership of Johann Rinn to create in the basement of the new "country inn Härteis" a future home.
After a performance of 2700 hours issued on May 8, 1988 Pastor Strasser for new shooters rooms ecclesiastical blessing.
One of the major highlights in the club's history was certainly the 44th Gauschießen, connected with the solemn consecration of the new infantry flag in July 1991st
On 23 and 24 April 1994, the shooting club celebrated its 30th anniversary.
1995 founded a group firecrackers.
Josef Schmalzl was firecrackers speaker.
A major challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the club was the total alignment of the Bavarian firecrackers meeting of 2005.
In many hours of volunteer work the club members have modernized the rooms and the shooting in Bern Gauer Hof last year and thus brought to the state of the art.
Eleven teams in round competitions
To be proud of the sporting achievements of the shooting club.
Total currently participate eleven teams on the round competitions: six air rifle teams, an air pistol team, a sporting pistols CC1, a youth and two AH-teams.
The 1st team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi degree and Kerstin Kellermann has risen in the 2013/14 round of the Gauoberliga (highest league in Schützengau ANB) in the district 1 league.
The 2nd team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml is ascended from the north in the Gauliga Gauoberliga.
In addition to the shooting sports events such as Bock stinging, Carnival and Royal Ball, club outing and Christmas have tradition.
With this, the shooters are also at festivals in the parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers accident when returning to the racetrack
Tony Stewart's return to the race track ended about halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart went for the second time against the wall after his right front tire blew on lap 172 and his evening ended.
Stewart drove his damaged car to the garage and left it without talking to reporters.
His team boss Chad Johnston said his 14-member team was disappointed, but concentrating now on the race weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we would have had a better use and a better result for him," said Johnston.
We drive to Richmond and hope that we can make it better there.
Stewart drove earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch in a wall and had to repair the right side of his car.
"Today I went in with fairly good hopes for a good result," said Johnston, adding: ". It just did not work"
Not long after the second accident Stewarts cars loaded in the tractor and the team had packed and was ready to sail.
Stewart had failed three NASCAR Sprint Cup race, after his car hit another rider in a dirt track race in upstate New York and killed.
He decided to go back this week and either win in Atlanta or at the next race at Richmond to win a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his work, while an investigation into the tragic incident that resulted in the death of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., investigated. This was entered during a race on the road to confront Stewart.
The authorities informed on Friday that the investigations on the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
It has not yet taken a decision on whether Stewart has to expect an indictment.
Three-time champion was received with great applause, when he was introduced before the race.
After a start in 12th position, Stewart was shortly thereafter penetrated in the first 10 and was temporarily in fourth place.
After a restart on lap 122, Busch became
Car with the no. 18. Out of control after exiting curve 2 and collided with Stewart, both cars drove into the wall
Stewart went on, but dropped to 21.
Looking for dance Joyous young
Just try: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and director Lisa Neitzel (from left) are looking forward to colleagues.
How many other clubs also makes jazz groups in the TV Jahn of full-time teaching in secondary schools to create.
After the summer holidays, some groups have been decimated.
Now increasingly young is searched for a sport that is healthy and great fun.
In both jazz and modern dance groups from Lisa Neitzel, formerly dancer in Jazz and Modern Dance Formation "Spirits", is only nine children.
"Three in the group of eight to twelve-year-old, six in the group of twelve to 15-year-olds," says the 20-year-old.
With more active the whole thing would clearly be more fun, "you could dance very different choreographies," she says.
If you feel like dancing, can Thursdays, suggested hineinschnuppern 17-18 clock or Fridays from 17 to 18.30 clock in dancesport space at the former Hotel Meyer, free Straße 9 in the training session.
"Training starts regularly with a warm-up program," said the trainer.
After various choreographies are practiced.
Jazz Dance has a feature that there is no set form and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements from folk to classical to sports and acrobatics are processed in jazz dance.
Of course, the socializing is not neglected.
"We also go out for dinner, watch dance movies and we stayed before in the dance space," says Lisa Neitzel.
In the group one could make friends, share a wonderful hobby and still do a lot for my motor development.
Who Jazz dance is not so, who can get a taste in one of the other offers of TV Jahn.
Children and young people can get a taste every Wednesday in teaching in the fields of children's dance / jazz dance, ballet Bambini, video clip dancing and hip-hop into the classroom.
The dance coach is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are welcome to dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
Those wishing to Discofox, Slow Waltz, Viennese Waltz, Rumba, Cha-Cha-Cha and Tango, may stop by and join in.
Bulgarian jailer protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison staff from across Bulgaria have organized a nationwide protest against the Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration they repeated their demands for restoration of their old working conditions that have been recently modified.
Higher salaries are on a list of demands to be discussed with the interim justice minister Hristo Ivanov.
The official protest symbolically for a month against the new working hours and call for a return to the previous 24-hour shifts.
In spite of the meetings between the union of prison staff and representatives of Justiziministeriums no agreement was reached, reported the national Bulgarian Ratio (BNR).
Negotiations are ongoing, informed the Director-General for the implementation of punitive measures, Rosen Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest of the prison staff is expected to be assisted by members of the trade union association of employees of the Interior Ministry.
Ukrainian army has abandoned airport Luhansk
In eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters are further on the rise.
After heavy fighting, in which allegedly also Russian tank battalions were involved, the Ukrainian army today, Monday, the airport of the rebel stronghold of Luhansk has given up.
The army also announced that seven soldiers had been killed in the past 24 hours.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had already drawn personal consequences from the heavy defeat of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the top military leadership, without giving details.
Pro-Russian separatists shot down plane
In the fight against pro-Russian Ukrainian government troops separatists have again shot down a fighter aircraft and two military helicopters at its own representation.
About 100 soldiers were also injured or killed in combat in the Donetsk region, the rebels split on Monday with Russian agencies According to.
Sunk ships Coast Guard
The rebels also claimed to have sunk two boats for the first time the Ukrainian Coast Guard in the Sea of ​​Azov.
The Ukrainian border guards confirmed that two of its ships were advised on Sunday near the port city of Mariupol under attack.
This seven border guards were wounded, said a spokesman in Kiev the transmitter 112.ua.
Two crew members were reported missing.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists also reported to have taken several towns in the Donetsk region under their control.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Belarusian capital Minsk today meets Ukraine Contact Group.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE should take it from the eastern Ukraine also an envoy of the separatists.
Prior to all players used their appearances to publicize their demands.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break through the planned deployments in Eastern Europe due to the Ukraine crisis its agreement with Russia.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday that NATO abiding by the founding agreement of the NATO-Russia Council in 1997.
However, the NATO chief accused Russia "a blatant breach" of the agreement.
"Today we must look reality in the eye that Russia's NATO does not consider as a partner," said Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from the Russian side, it is apparent, "that they see us as enemies."
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen has also announced its intention to step up the NATO presence in Eastern Europe.
Too deliberative at the NATO summit in Wales "Readiness Action Plan" will make sure that "we will have more visible NATO presence in the East, so long as this is necessary," Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new gas talks
Russia and Ukraine have agreed on new official reportedly in talks to resolve their gas dispute.
Negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak said on Monday.
It'll still wait for a decision of the European Union, if they also have a representative at the talks was sending.
Because of the dispute over the price of gas gets Ukraine for weeks no more fuel from Russia.
Recently EU Commissioner for Energy Günther Oettinger had mediated between the two sides.
The Ukraine had warned Russia could interrupt the gas supply for Europe.
Europe buys around a third of its natural gas from Russian sources, much of which passes through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks Power Word: toll will be "very clear"
Now the Chancellor is committed once more to clear.
A charter for all the complicated details but it is not.
Persistent concerns from the CDU against the car toll have the CSU visibly angry.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has spoken a word of power for the introduction of a car toll to ongoing resistance from her CDU.
"To put it bluntly: It is in the coalition agreement, and they will come", the party leader said on Monday after meeting the leading CDU bodies in Berlin.
In a detailed model Merkel put but for now not fixed.
In black-red government program were "certain parameters" called.
Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) had "made a proposal, and to the will now continue to work".
However, the NRW-CDU stands by its no to a toll equal on all roads.
Merkel stressed Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) bring constructively in the discussions for a bill.
About the topic, he had spoken with Dobrindt also other ways to enable more private capital for investments in infrastructure, such as also in broadband expansion.
"There is nothing special to it." Schäuble had left without comment on Sunday a "mirror" report, his house review its own approach to reward investors with highway toll revenues - after the election 2017th
CSU chief Horst Seehofer warned then about to develop toll concepts against the lead minister in the Cabinet.
CDU Vice Armin Laschet reiterated its objections.
"The coalition agreement was never expecting to bemauten all county and federal highways," said the North Rhine-Westphalian CDU regional chairman.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer have now announced that they will speak again on the subject.
Opposition to the plans also comes from the CDU regional associations of Baden-Wuerttemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background are fears that a toll impaired local border traffic with neighboring countries.
Seehofer had demanded coalition loyalty because of the toll criticism from ranks of the CDU.
The left sees the plans in view of the dispute in the Union as a failure.
"The botch-toll is dead," said party leader Bernd Riexinger the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"With the toll fails the Minister". Dobrindt plans to introduce a toll sticker on all German roads, which should start in 2016.
Domestic car owners are allowed, according to the coalition agreement, but not an additional burden.
Therefore, they should get on the road tax full compensation for the tolls.
The model allowed foreign drivers but under EU regulations do not discriminate on grounds of nationality.
Genetic disorder often misdiagnosed
A British woman says she thought as a result of misdiagnosis for many years that they would die.
Karin Rodgers lived almost her entire youth in the belief that they have only to live a few years after they had been diagnosed with any other disease.
You actually suffered from the Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) - a group of inherited disorders that damage the nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK announced that misdiagnosis is a common problem in people with CMT, because so little is known about this disease.
Approximately 23,000 people in the UK suffer probably at CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscle weakness, an unsteady gait and curved toes.
Diseased also suffer from numbness or pain. The disease is incurable and progressive, meaning that symptoms get worse over time.
When Rodgers was 13, she believed it to Friedreich's Ataxia (FA) suffer -. A disease with very poor survival
Rodgers thought she was in a wheelchair before she was 18, and die before their 30th birthday.
The mother of two children who is now 51 years old, said: "As a child I knew I could not do the same as the others.
I fell down to earth and everything took longer with me.
I could never go with the other kids roller skate or skateboard and was teased often go to school because of my way to walk.
Rodgers said that after several operations to relieve their Achilles tendons and stretch their feet their medical report einsah aged 13 years, as her doctor had left the room and read that she was suffering from FA.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I told this to anyone, but I went home, looked for the disease in the library and wrote to the FA-society," she said.
When I got to say, I was shocked and fell terribly panicked.
I thought that I would be 18 in a wheelchair and die with 25, and would slowly lose in between all my skills.
I did that all on my own with me and planned my own funeral.
She said when she was 17, she realized that her skills had not been greatly reduced as they had imagined and questioned their doctor.
He just stood up and hugged me and said, "my dear, I do not think you have that, otherwise you're already in a wheelchair."
I think you've got something far less life-threatening.
After a few genetic tests CMT was found with her.
"When he told me what CMT was, I felt like I was a winner," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT Awareness Month to raise awareness of this disease.
Sergeant ret. Berni Diether since the closure of the former military training area works as a pyrotechnician
For almost ten years, is no longer shooting at the former military training area in Münsingen.
Still appeared every month on lethal ammunition in the heart of the biosphere reserve Swabian Alb.
The grenades are sometimes still so dangerous that they must be blown up on the spot.
A deafening bang reverberates with blasting through the heart of the biosphere reserve.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot was fired on the military training area Münsingen, which was closed in late 2005 after 110 years of military operation.
Since then, the 6500 hectare area is the heart of the biosphere reserve Swabian Alb, which is open at 13 designated trails for hikers and cyclists.
Tax burden of businessmen in the Washington area increases with the economic recovery
An economic recovery means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax bills for businesses in the country rose last year slightly, while accelerating the economic recovery, a new study published in the past week, and the company in the Washington area were no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid $ 27.6 billion to state and local agencies in the financial year 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent compared to the revenues of 2012 totaling $ 26.6 billion.
The state and local tax burden of companies rose last year by 4.3 percent to 671 billion $ to, compared to 3.9 percent the year before, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after the several years of declining assessments in 2009 and 2010 ,
State taxes rose more sharply than the local taxes, by 4.3 percent, according to the study, which was carried out by the service agency Ernst & Young with the Center for State Taxation, a tax policy group.
More than half of the tax revenues of the District, 56 percent comes from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of the revenue from Maryland's undertakings.
Virginia scored 28 percent the lowest tax revenue from businesses.
Much of the increase in tax revenues is due to a recovery in property values ​​of companies, researchers, which resulted in an increase in property taxes by 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1 percent say.
While a large part of these gains came from large states like California, New York and Texas, the process seems to be true also for the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid about $ 10 billion in state and local property taxes last year, compared to 9.6 billion dollars 2012 - an increase during the year by 4.2 percent.
But the apparent recovery in housing values ​​is in Maryland is not as effective in increasing state and local tax revenues because the property taxes amount here on just over one fifth of the tax assessments of companies.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay nearly half of their state and local taxes in the form of property taxes.
"The following occurs in Maryland: a large part of real estate, particularly in the tax area to DC, is either owned by the government or by non-profit organizations that pay no property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, Managing Director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely for example much more on income taxes in order to provide the same services may be offered by other States.
The recent rebound in tax revenues by companies can not be attributed solely to the recovery of the property market
Corporate income seem to recover well, the data.
Companies in the region reported on income tax in the state organizations of $ 2.3 billion compared to 2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took $ 1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest amount in the region.
While the trend in the same direction, the local tax burden for companies not rise evenly in all three locations.
The rate of increase in the District corresponded with 4.3 percent the national average, while the increase in Maryland was markedly higher, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported a below-average tax revenue of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has 6 per cent in all three official areas which significantly lowest corporate income tax (in all three there are fixed corporate tax rates).
The corporate tax rate in Maryland is 8.25 percent and in the District at relatively high 9.975 percent.
A similar study by the US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that in Virginia less state and local business taxes are required and a better overall control climate prevails as in Maryland.
In the study, the District has not been studied.
Despite the advantages Virginia is pressurized by its southern neighbors.
North Carolina has adopted legislation to reduce its corporate tax rates this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same rate as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the coming year.
If the state continues to achieve its income targets in the coming year, this bill could reduce the corporate income tax rate of the state until 2017 up to 3 percent.
In the meantime, it seems the small businesses in the Washington area better to go, and therefore they pay more state and local taxes, as the most recent study.
Corporate taxes, which are paid as personal income taxes by small business people - a transition structure, according to which the majority of small businesses are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia rose last year by 20 percent to 2.4 billion dollars, a significant faster rate of growth than the corporate taxes in total.
The researchers say that the trend and the rise will probably continue in the corporate tax rates across the country this year, with an increase in general More Wehr tax revenues for the state and the local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to same period last year.
Nevertheless, the Washington area could lag if the spending cuts the federal government affects the labor market in the region.
Partner City: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - even in China a popular combination.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's twin city in China now wants a brewery and also hopes to direct air link between the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's twin city Guangzhou - this is the urgent desire of the officials in China.
"We would be very happy if a German brewery would settle in our city," said the Deputy Party Secretary of the southern Chinese city, Li Yiwei, at this week's visit to a SPD delegation in his city.
Again and again the functionaries of the ruling Chinese Communist Party came back to this concern of the Twelve million inhabitants in the course of the conversation.
Guangzhou, which is known in Germany as well as Canton, is one of the richest cities in China, Li recruited.
Therefore, the people possess the purchasing power to be able to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairman Thorsten Schäfer-Gumbel, who led the German politicians delegation, told the host that he would ask around in Germany to a potential partner for the project.
"For beer it does not take much: good water, cereal and vitality," he added at the lunch with the party leaders in Guangzhou.
This joie de vivre already radiate from Mr. Li, he flattered the hosts.
Then came the official from Guangzhou with Schäfer-Gumbel - but with red wine, which was served at the meal.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German art of brewing.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German purity law.
More business
A second request of the Chinese hosts would be a flight direct connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said vice-party leader Li.
The Lufthansa flight previously offered, but painted in 2012 for economic reasons.
"It would be worth it again," says the local politician is convinced.
"The commerce between our two cities will always continue to".
Currently, travelers have to detour through Changsha in Hunan Province take complained Li.
The management of Guangdong province, whose capital is Guangzhou, hoping for the air service.
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, put this desire in his conversation with the Social Democrats to the fore.
"That's a very good idea," said Schäfer-Gumbel - Chinese Vice Minister Li Jinjun, an intimate knowledge of Germany, nodded in agreement.
Neat Partnership
The affable deputy Party chief of Guangzhou hopes that next year he can attend a partnership meeting Frankfurt.
Li Yiwei was indeed already am Main, but not yet in this function.
He did not come until this year into office after his predecessor had been promoted from office on charges of corruption.
Even the local party chief Wan Qinglian had to go.
The action against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in party and government, which is enforced by Xi Jinping President with hardness.
The new leaders Li Yiwei had worked before his party career for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Chinese Communist Party.
Before taking office in Guangzhou, he was a top official in Fujian, where the carmaker VW built a great work.
Frankfurt is officially received more than a dozen twinning.
The connection to 9000 kilometers from Guangzhou is one of those, which are maintained by both sides, as a student exchange.
Last year, the 25th anniversary of Sino-German Connection was celebrated.
The southern Chinese city on the Pearl River is their purchasing power, almost as strong as all of Hesse.
The next year she hopes to achieve a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, Li said.
Family of Joan Rivers "fingers crossed"
Joan Rivers is since her admission to a hospital in New York City three days ago unconscious; However, her daughter showed up today hopeful that the 81-year-old comedian is recovering from her illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said today in a statement.
We keep all our fingers crossed.
Her mother was according to sources admitted on Thursday after an emergency because of cardiac arrest in a hospital on the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, in the Mount Sinai Hospital.
The doctors keep deliberately sedated and under close observation until they are satisfied with their condition, which is further described as "serious".
The responses came from many sides, including in the form of an overwhelming online support of Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Eco-friendly vacuum cleaner and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners that come on the market as of today, more stringent environmental standards apply in the future.
Much like refrigerators and washing machines receive new vacuum cleaner from 1 September to a label on which the buyer can realize centralized data as the energy efficiency of the device at a glance.
For new cars "6 euros" sharper nitrogen oxide values ​​are in the emission class.
There is also more money for scaffolders: The get a uniform nationwide minimum wage of 10.25 euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $ 1.04 billion
AMAZON confirmed just what information was reported on Monday morning: The online retailer - and video producer, and a variety of other things - is buying the video streaming service Twitch for $ 1.04 billion (970 million USD).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because no one had a takeover of Twitch expected but because it was widely believed that YouTube would acquire the company.
Three months ago it looked as if the sale of Twitch to the video service of Google decided for a cool billion thing, and cooperation also appeared naturally.
Twitch, founded only three years ago as Justin.tv, was launched as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for players who wanted their bravura pieces published in games, a "YouTube for live games," said an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "Let's Play", a video genre, the (mostly older) give in the alls play an air of secret science theater, are on YouTube already very popular.
The fact is that YouTube is often referred to when describing Twitch, so was the news that YouTube Twitch wanted to buy, received a bit bored, a textbook example of an established technology company that buys a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube was not successfully, as the company reportedly was willing to pay as much as Amazon.
All we know right now about this statement of Emmet Shear, President of Twitch: "We opted for Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values ​​and long-term visions and they want to help us quickly get there. "
Another secret is, frankly, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs like me who declare that they prefer to play sports than watch her, it's hard to understand the attraction, which assumes watch others play themselves instead of taking the control console in the hand.
It's one thing to a friend by 3 clock in the morning to look over his shoulder as she sneaks through Resident Evil, and quite another to watch a spinner in how he is shot 20 times in succession in Call of Duty in the head.
All these games you could now watching.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are first-person games, so the Watching without their own control over the viewing perspective may be a really good recipe for a headache.
I admit that the quick runs in the complete the Roger Bannister of our electronic age all the games in record time, are entertaining.
But as long as not a game or a virtuoso humor is going to be Twitch channel is probably not so very interesting.
But what the skeptics as I know it already?
Twitch is called by 55 million different visitors per month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic peaks.
And how exactly will Amazon make it money?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch is so elegantly integrated into Amazon Instant Video, like YouTube Twitch just could swallow.
But Twitch has something that every business would like to have: thousands of young men who are being courted as advertisers.
As the chairman of Twitch, Shear said, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and the media shows no signs of shrinking, not even - gulp - as a spectator sport.
On the bouncy castle at the garden party on Saturday was a lot going on.
The concept of the organizers agreed.
Despite strong downpour on Saturday night an estimated 1200 music fans came to the open-air festival in the castle garden.
At times, had to be stopped the intake.
"This was annoying," said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel l light and fun.
Of two Spanish words Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem have formed the name Amula.
For the Open Air in Burggarten Salzwedel should radiate brightness during the day and in the evening through various shows.
Well, the fun comes by themselves anyway.
This was evident already early Saturday, when the first visitors encouraging respect for Open Air.
A festival for all generations had promised the organizers.
And they succeeded.
Around the supply stands in the castle garden meadow it had Salzwedeler, but also guests from near and made himself comfortable.
They followed the first live performances, bobbing his foot in time, enjoyed cool drinks - in short, pure relaxation and enjoyment were announced.
And across the generations.
While lounging on a blanket on the extra-angekarrten white sand at the beach, others feasting on a quarter of wine in the wine cellar, the young raged on the bouncy castle, which was a great attraction for the younger guests.
But even when face painting, volunteers had their hands in the truest sense of the word fully to control the crowd and to conjure up imaginative creations in the little faces.
The older children took advantage of the table soccer or participated in a skateboard workshop, to the Good Foot crew from Salzwedel hosted.
Until the big rain came.
Shortly before 17.30 clock he pelted down on the visitors, especially families ran away and dryness.
But the attractiveness of the feast did no harm.
"There were more people than expected," said Ron Sem, the "success across the board" spoke of a.
Therefore a repetition of the big party next year precludes anything.
Although necessary to work more on content and size of the event, Sem made in a first record on Sunday against the People's voice clearly.
When angry he described that in the meantime the intake had to be stopped.
Obviously, the security firm had been booked with insufficient forces.
The result: Some who had already paid were no longer on the site.
The response was very good.
In a first tentative estimate of Salzwedeler co-organizer of about 1200 visitors who cavorted in the Burggarten said.
There were problems with the sound equipment.
Therefore Salzwedeler hip hop band Blocks`n`Rox broke her appearance from exasperated.
The technicians were not able to create a halfway reasonable sound.
The planned hookah lounges could not be established because the tents could not be brought to Salzwedel because of a flat tire.
"Next year, however, they are doing", said the organizer.
The premiere of Amula Open Air was visits more than succeeded.
And in bad weather.
However, the organizers have made some mistakes that are forgiven the first time yet, but must be disposed of in the second edition.
In the social network Facebook, organizers must take criticism.
"Sorry, but for twelve euros you expected more," said Melanie Meier expresses at the event page.
"You have taken a bit sadly," Ele Carpenter says in the same place.
Others see the initial problem is not quite as tight.
I find it very good that some not only talk stupid, but really try to put something together.
Hats off! "Stephanie writes for Jenß Amula.
Now the organizers remains a year to remedy these criticisms.
New Radom in Berkum: Wachtberg landmark shrinks
The is expected to be not so.
Rather, the component lying ready waiting to be used in the striking building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: Almost 50 years after the establishment of the space surveillance radar TIRA is the shell, the so-called radome, completely renewed.
The new radome having a diameter of 47.5 meters be slightly smaller than the old one.
However, the size still remains a world record.
The last step to complete the new shell is the cap exchange
The top quarter of the old shell is separated and removed with a crane.
After the last quarter of the new shell is placed.
If the weather cooperates, the action should go earlier this week on the stage.
Participant in the Ice bucket Challenge dislocated Kiefer
Isabelle Roberts from the UK cried so much when her ice-cold water was poured over his head that they violated the bone structure of her face.
This Ice bucket Challenge went painfully wrong.
A woman was hospitalized after she screamed so much at the Ice bucket Challenge that they be dislocated jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screamed so much when her ice-cold water was poured over her head, that she violated her facial structure.
"The water was so cold that I cried, and while I act, my jaw just stood there," she told The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but it did not work, the jaw was hooked, and then I understood that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister saw it too and made their laughter almost in the pants, but I had to the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from the UK has been hospitalized in order to let the jaw after taking part in the viral trend on Tuesday put back in place again.
The clip was linked to an Internet sensation and a thousand times on Facebook and Twitter.
Tighten the castle clubs soon join forces?
Recently there have been quarrels between the two Wolfratshauser castle clubs.
Now the board members think about possible cooperation after.
As a model for the reconstruction of Wolfratshauser castle led by the late Richard Dimbath, former chairman of Wolfratshauser castle Friends at the project in French Guédelon.
A year ago, there was not a good climate between the castle and the castle club friends Wolfratshausen.
Pronounced seemed different so far the positions should be how to deal with the history of Wolfratshauser castle and a possible reconstruction.
Now the two camps to move toward each other: It will be soon held discussions on a common approach.
This is confirmed by the club directors Torsten Sjöberg (Burgverein) and Herbert Piffl (Burg friends) on demand of our newspaper.
"I called and suggested that we could sit down together once Mr. Piffl" says Sjöberg.
In his view, all the members of both teams could continue pulling back together.
So were recorded faster visible results.
While the castle Friends at the sudden death of Richard Dimbath until recently had a reconstruction of the castle on the mountain forest in the eye, is the castle club Sjöberg the "development and Erlebbarmachung" of the site at the forefront.
Herbert Piffl, Vice Chairman of the castle and friends has been very pleased by its own account on the call.
Since Dimbaths death he stands in front of the castle friends.
A new chairman is to be found in mid-September in a general meeting.
Currently the association has, according to the 74-year-olds around 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath we leave the association's activities rest out of respect first." This "thinking phase" was necessary in order "to consider how it could go on."
According Piffl the new chairman will then go into the conversation with the Castle Club.
Until then, the castle and friends might also make an impression of the mood within their grouping.
A candidate for the presidency, there is not currently says Piffl.
"But I am confident that someone will find". He himself does not want to run, because they are domiciled in Bad Toelz.
The new chairman should be a Wolfratshauser.
The Tölzer wanted in the project "but very happy to cooperate."
The different points of view when it comes to reconstruction are likely to remain in the eyes Piffls in the near future.
It commends Dimbath as "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
A high participation of the population as well as by volunteers from around the world they are a tourist attraction.
Piffl: "I too was skeptical at first.
But over time I am more and more come to the conclusion that it makes sense to move the project forward. "It could a" unique selling point "for Flößerstadt be created.
There nothing else.
In addition, the project by EU grants, admission tickets and potential sponsors would be financed, believes Piffl.
"The idea of ​​reconstruction so I will personally do not simply throw overboard". He hoped that the castle club in this point may move slightly.
Their goal, the history documented first, "is important and good."
Then you could see.
Clever ways to save money at university textbooks
As the cost of college textbooks for many students be more than 1,000 dollars per year, the fast second semester student Matt Schroeder considered a clever saving idea.
He invented a lending system for books written by graduate students and offered a nominal compensation to delay the return sales.
"My math book normally costs 180 $, but I got it for $ 10 for one semester and a Chick-fil-A biscuit," said Schroeder, 19, who attended the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester would have cost him $ 430, he said.
He spent $ 120.
The college management said that students on average spend more than $ 1,200 a year for textbooks and study material, but that it would be several cost-containment options for students.
Online shops and creative approaches as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for students.
Renting textbooks is popular, and so students can use a book for a semester, often at a much lower price than the purchase.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university bookstores, said that the hiring of textbooks has doubled since 2011.
Polls in the industry show that about a quarter of the books was hired in the college bookstores last spring semester, said Vice President Neebos Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all textbooks to buy, according to the trade association National Association of College Stores in campus bookstores.
Here's the basics for the best deals.
Buy Online
Some new books cost online, only a third of the price for which they are to have the campus bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" VNO Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs nearly $ 290, however, may be obtained from the specialized textbook retailer Chegg.com for $ 239.99.
Buy Used
If one notes the other or normal signs of use do not mind, used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is used to Chegg.com for $ 93.49 to have.
Matt Casaday, 25, graduating student at Brigham Young University, says that he has spent on Amazon.com 42 cents for a used copy of "Strategic Media Decisions:. Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business"
The book was sold new for $ 48.
Academics like Ingrid Bracey, director of University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls advised students to ask their professors if earlier editions are admissible.
Sometimes the updates for the term papers are not relevant.
In such cases, older issues can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest issue.
Except Chegg and Amazon also Half.com by eBay Inc is a popular alternative for used books.
Rent
Renting textbooks is worth considering if you treat them reasonably well, remember to return them and after completing the course does not want to keep the books.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased book.
A student could, for example, "Calculus" rent for the duration of a semester for about $ 20.
Check with the hire of the provisions of the business, also on penalties, which, if necessary, apply for writing notes, underline or signs of wear.
Tenants beware: If you do not return the book, the penalties can even exceed the price of a new book.
E-Books
Also e-books rather than traditional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes these books de facto be hired by an electronic license for a certain period of wholesalers such as Amazon.com, Barnes & Noble and Chegg Inc. is provided.
In Chegg can "Calculus" for 6 months rent for about $ 61.
Bracey says that students often find in literature courses the best deals, as many classics can be downloaded for free nowadays, while scientific and engineering textbooks can be very expensive.
Look around in any case.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon visit the Pepperdine Law School, recommends the ISBN number for the price determination in books, since you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And before an online order you should consider as Gault, if the book is actually available.
This lesson he learned the hard way.
He bought a book that had four weeks for delivery and eventually paid the full price in the college bookstore.
Why "Guardians of the Galaxy" no blockbuster was
"The Expendables 3" by Sylvester Stallone played a less $ 30 million of its $ 90 million budget in the United States, while "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" only grossed $ 12 million of its budget of 70 million dollars.
The tailored Cameron Diaz film "Sex Tape" played on the opening weekend a merely $ 14.6 million, while children's films like "Train Your Dragon 2" also disappoint in revenue.
An article in the Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that in children's films, the lack of quality of the films could be the reason itself.
Collin called 2014 "the worst year" for children's films to date, describing "Train Your Dragon 2" as a purely "functional" fantasy sequel.
In films for a slightly older audience, it seems, however, as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore- and Metacritic rating for each summer theatrical release, which has been shown between the American Memorial Day and July 20, 2013, and in the current year at least 2,000 screens.
The results are based on the opinion of moviegoers and film critic and suggest that this year's hit movie of last year which are equivalent.
Some commentators believe that the development is due to changing viewing habits and the growing popularity of Web-streaming services like Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney's forthcoming Jungle Book film, compared to the Hollywood Reporter website said: "I think the times are changing."
We have to accept that and not try to run after the past.
Unlike the currently weak cash results of the Hollywood productions Netflix posted recently sales to streaming content in the amount of $ 1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year, in which sales totaled $ 837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized the film studios that they become very concentrated on film adaptations of comics and predicted a "meltdown" of Hollywood.
Viewed in light of the current downturn, argue some commentators that his gloomy prophecy could well contain a kernel of truth.
Due to the expected in the summer 2015 blockbuster potential, including Avengers: Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, however, other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic:
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, the decline in cash results recently described as simply "cyclical" and told Hollywood Reporter: "The next summer will be the biggest summer at the box office at all, and no one is more concerned about the financial worries make. "
Some years ago the 2nd table tennis Bezirksklasse was deleted in order to streamline the leagues-division, which has been a step in the right direction.
Now the German Table Tennis Association has taken an additional 3rd Bundesliga into the program.
The result: Those who are not ascended, descended.
So has indeed avoided relegation in the league relegation Göttingen class tallest team Torpedo, plays in the coming season but only fünftklassig.
Remain Viertklassig torpedoes ladies, despite their grandiose march through in the regional league.
The boys and girls of torpedo launch in Niedersachsenliga, just like the boys of SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and Torpedo-Reserve compete in the new Association league in the national league clubs Göttingen no longer represented.
In the women the TTV Geismar torpedo-second plays in the Verbandsliga, in the national league.
What of the composition looks like a better class district is now the new Bezirksoberliga South.
Here come to TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, the FC Weser and the TTC.
In the district league play as a regional representative Dransfeld and the SC Weende to, in the county of Class II of the TTC, red and white, the Bovender SV II and the teams of TTV Geismar II and III. The Bezirksoberliga of women begins at least in nominal thickness.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are here on the field again.
Start in the county league run Torpedo III and Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen on.
With nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girls in the small district league.
The District League Season SCW boys - there starts even Torpedo II - is not complete.
In a Bezirksklasse Geismar, Tuspo Weende and Bovender SV go to the season.
In the first season of the newly founded Association Region both Göttingen district leagues start with nine teams.
In the West-season are the Red-White II, Bovender SV III, Laubach II, IV and V Torpedo, MTV Grone, Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the East-Season play among other Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen, Nicholas Berg and Landolfshausen.
The Ladies Circle League consists of Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and the SG Rhume.
That's still better than the county Osterode, where there is at the district level no women's teams more.
Strikingly, none of the six 2.Kreisklassen reaches full strength, here is the innovative and enterprising district board will ever have to worry.
NATO summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
Over the weekend there were protests by opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the center of Newport to an anti-NATO march.
On Sunday about 150 people came together in Cardiff in front of the local town hall to hold a so-called counter-summit.
Stephen Fairclough has followed us for the developments over the weekend and spoke to demonstrators who have traveled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Flown teenagers from Blue Mountains
Two teenagers bush walkers have been associated with the winch to safety after they were caught overnight in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and 19-year-old man broke shortly after Sunday lunch in Govetts Leap Blackheath to their tour.
Anxious relatives called at about 20 clock the police, as the two had not returned home.
A search party of local police and emergency services broke up and the couple was found at about 23 clock near the Bridal Veil Falls.
The girl had hurt his knee, and the man had fallen and had pitched his head.
Rescuers stayed overnight at the couple, and they were flown on Monday morning.
They were admitted in stable condition with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains Hospital.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
The some 1,000 protesters had been urged by soldiers from the PTV-building, said Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The stations have received the broadcasting again after the half-hour.
PTV director Athar Farooq said that equipped with sticks demonstrators had equipment damaged in the newsroom.
Dead or injured were reported.
The protesters are demanding the resignation of the government, whom they accuse of election fraud.
Police said, around one kilometer from the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday there had been renewed clashes around 3000 protesters with security forces.
After hospital information a policeman was injured.
Over the weekend at least three people were killed and more than 500 injured, as demonstrators tried to penetrate to Sharif's residence.
They are demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called on Sunday night after a meeting at the army headquarters to a political solution of the conflict, "without wasting time and without resorting to violence."
It said in the statement: "The Army remains committed to its role of ensuring the security of the state".
The escalating violence has concerns about a military intervention stoked that has geputscht already common in the past.
The grounds adopted by opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri Protests Continue since Independence Day on 14 August.
Sharif rejects a withdrawal.
Khan Qadri and had their supporters on Sunday called upon to endure.
"We will not go back, to have forced without Sharif to resign," said Khan.
Qadri said something similar.
Khan Sharif accuses of having won the parliamentary election in May last year through fraud.
Qadri calls for the resignation of the Central and the provincial governments.
Then to an interim government to reform the electoral system and call for new elections.
More than 40,000 security forces are deployed to protect the government district.
The protesters had initially peaceful persevered before Parliament until Khan Qadri and do this over the weekend calling, advancing to Sharif's residence.
Hütteldorfer after second win of the season in third place in the table.
With the 2: 0 over Grödig has taken a conciliatory end on Sunday for a bitter Rapid week.
"The victory is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team reached the off in the Europa League on Thursday an interim low.
"The sense of achievement was incredibly important," confirmed Captain Steffen Hofmann and scorer who pushed forward with green and white in third place.
Schrammel-Traumtor brings Rapid to winning ways Rapid has shown with the second win of the season the right response to the disappointment to Helsinki and goes with a sense of achievement in the international break.
"We wanted to show a positive response," said full-back Thomas Schrammel, who has paved the way to victory with his splendid leadership volley from Sechzehnereck after 14 minutes.
"I thought, I hau the frustrations of Thursday pure and smacked him under the bar," the 26-year-old said with a smile.
Had met as Schrammel 13 Novmember 2010. so far the last time in a Bundesliga game that was still for Ried.
The first Championship goal in Rapid's suits will therefore remain in his special remembrance.
"For me, this is something very special, I'm from the Rapid-junior" Schrammel said.
Due to the short-term pelvic Blessur Mario Pavelic moved Schrammel from the left to the right defensive side and also made a very good job there.
He has enough experience that he can exercise this position reversed.
He deserved the goal he has this year already made some assists "praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel also supplied the cross for 2: 0 by Hofmann after the hour, which finally brought the decision.
Because before that might well have write the guests.
"Thank God we have had some luck today," remarked also Schrammel, who thus alluded to the divergence of performance and result in recent weeks: "The results have not voted, but playfulness has always been good compared to last year" ,
Barisic was even that one "in many games before better than today" was - against "the strongest team that has played this season in this stadium."
The first three Punkter since July 26 have therefore proved that the team structure was intact despite the setbacks, "Today my team has shown that it has character."
For him, no less gratifying: "The fact that we finally played back to zero".
A lot of work during international break also the fact that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger multiple failures are to be deplored, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp Schobesberger gave their Startelfdebüts, the victory makes even more valuable.
"One must not forget," Barisic, with Behrendt and Pavelic players lost in the past three days, "which were very stable lately" admonished.
The international break should thus be used to "to lick wounds and a bit zuzulegen in the physical realm," said Barisic who has five Under-21 players in its ranks.
One, the break probably comes particularly located, Captain Hofmann.
He tears up for the team, going through pain over it.
In this difficult period, he has shown that he is a very important player for us, "stated Barisic.
Hofmann gave the Rapids game before being substituted in the 68th minute, not only the structure but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year-old who completed his 350th Bundesliga match, it was the first hit out of the game since November 2, 2013 (4: 2 over the Admira).
Hofmann: "Can not believe that now everything is good" "We've certainly had a bit of luck, but eventually the luck must come back to us as well.
Now it was high time, "Hofmann said.
He warned course to concentrated Next work: "One must not always see the black and white.
We have in recent weeks played not as bad as has been shown.
But we must not also believe that now everything is good.
The importance of his role for the team, he could not deny.
It's a very young team, I can help at the moment very much.
The talk in certain phases but at me to ", Hofmann said.
Grödig coach Michael Baur and his team had little to reproach.
He regretted the quick goal "from the category magic door", as well as the regular gate of Nutz in the 40th minute which was disallowed by referee Kollegger wrongly.
The only criticism that I can make the team is that we in some stages were not concrete enough towards the goal.
Since we have had too little accounts.
Centre Back Maximilian Karner saw it similarly: "It has the same bad start, then we have found but pure, and even scored a goal.
On the whole would have been possible more.
Under this treetops reigns Ruh
A powerful tribe we showed at our mystery object of the summer series "My Piece of the Rhöner luck" last Friday.
Several of these giant trees there are in the district, the pictured specimen is the "Geißruheiche" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A bumpy footpath leads up to the 600-year-old oak.
It goes past paddocks, basalt rock piles and basalt stone seas.
A bit below the quarry from Bauer Berg, one kilometer north of the road to Weisbach because it is.
Vital looks the natural monument, it towers over the other trees around addition and recalls with a circumference of about eight meters to an American sequoia.
A small Buddha on a stump indicates that there is a spiritual or mystical place.
Despite intensive research, there was only evidence of the names of origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has specially consulted the Bischofsheimer archive and older people from Unterweißenbrunn surveyed to find out how matters has the Geißruheiche.
The result of his research remained quite sober explanation of the name.
Accordingly, should have their animals driven by Unterweißenbrunn from the cumbersome freed and cleared of stones meadows until about 80 years, the goatherds.
At the foot of the tree is exhausted from the climb animal keepers should have rested.
Meanwhile, the area has gained its significance back, because actually in the meadows grazing goats again.
The area has also been declared a core zone of the biosphere reserve, Schneider has further found.
Upon entering the stone accumulations but you should be careful, because the warmed by the sun Basalt is also a popular location for vipers.
A hiking trail leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, the little hidden away but.
Other routes are signposted, direction Hochrhön ascend and to invite you to a long hike.
Where is the Wasserburg?
A Wasserburg who is wanted in our next task is, however, to find rare in height.
The reflection in the moat is already a good impression of the building, but we have some historic buildings in the district to which the Gebäudekonterfei could fit.
Where is our "piece of Rhöner luck"?
My piece Rhöner luck
As in previous series of the Main-Post in recent years there is again this year to win prizes if they have the right solution.
Who itself gladly photographed, may also participate.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt@mainpost.de you can send us the solution and also your own personal "piece of Rhöner luck" under this heading.
The best photos will be published.
After weeks of tug of war has Italian Prime Minister and acting EU president, Matteo Renzi, prevailed against strong conservative resistance to the EU summit last week, the nomination of his Secretary Federica Mogherini as head of EU foreign policy, you will be the successor to the Briton Catherine Ashton.
Renzi regarded as the pro-government daily La Repubblica reproduces, the appointment of its force as a favorite in the government team Mogherini as strengthening the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He expects them also a boost for his "reform package" in Italy.
Not least hopes Renzi, hence the constantly rebellious against him left party base to provide quiet because Mogherini is this - albeit more moderate way in - assigned.
Compared with the conservative representatives with President Jean-Claude Juncker and the nominated as President-Poland Donald Tusk will, so the prevailing opinion in Rome, so that a political balance established.
Because the EU's chief diplomat is simultaneously Deputy Commission President Juncker.
The pending approval of the EU Parliament is considered safe.
Otherwise President Giorgio Napolitano would have called "an important recognition" of the role of Italy in the EU nomination of 41jährigen politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) little.
La Repubblica widespread optimism that the nearly two decades proven in leading party posts and known for their ambition Mogherini will the "enormous challenges" Show grown.
The native Roman is married and has two daughters.
Your party career began the doctorate in political science in 1996 in the youth wing of the former Democratic Left (Left Democrats), who with the Catholic Center Party Margherita merged in 2008 to today's Social Democratic PD.
1999 Mogherini for three years Vice-President of the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth (European Young Socialists).
With the 2001 election in the party council of the Left Democrats, they went into the high party politics, worked in the department's foreign policy, whose director, she soon became.
They occupied traditional priorities of Italian foreign policy as the Middle East, was studies on the NATO mission in Afghanistan, where Italy is involved with a contingent of troops, known cultivated contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe and to the Democrats in the United States.
Since 2008 she has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies, where it is an expert on defense and European and International Affairs.
As Renzi Premier was in February 2014, he convened Mogherini to his Foreign Minister.
If the PD today again has a better ratio for strong peace movement in the country, which contributed to more than 40 percent votes of the party in the EU elections in May, then have, as is stated in PD-circles, Federica Mogherini a share of it.
The accusations in Brussels, the new EU foreign policy chief to have little diplomatic experience, so it lacks in substance, is countered in the PD.
In Brussels, mainly from Poland and the Baltic members, suspicious realistic accents Mogherinis followed the crisis in Ukraine and defamed as "Russia-friendly price".
It advocates the operated by the Russian company Gazprom pipeline South Stream, on the Russian gas bypassing Ukraine directly to be transported to southern Europe, which also serves the energy security of Italy.
After Renzi had begun his tenure as EU president in July, Mogherini traveled on her first official visit to Moscow.
Photos she showed with Putin at Shake-hands were taken in Brussels with outrage, as well, that she invited the Kremlin leader for October at a Milanese economic summit.
A total of nine young people began their training at EMZ Hanauer in Nabburg on Monday.
Among them is an apprentice who has previously completed a different training in the company.
In four occupations, the new employees will in future work: electronics (three trainees), mechatronics (two), toolmakers (two) and process mechanics (two).
All trainees come from the district of Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, currant from Neunburg vorm Wald, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees visited previously main and secondary schools and junior high schools.
From Wednesday to Friday driving the trainees of all ages as well as the instructor at a team-building event to Oberammergau, where among other things, a full-day hike and rafting are on the Inn on the program.
The company is one of Germany's 435 and 950 employees worldwide.
The number of apprentices across all vintages is 27th
The Socialists in France should "shut up and bring France in order," said the most important ally of Francois Hollande.
Mr. Valls called the deeply divided left this on to show "their love" for the controversial socialist president whose reshuffle has encountered disapproval in the vast majority of the French.
The President deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain at his side," he said with great applause.
When appeasing gesture the Prime Minister insisted that his government in France, despite strong demands for the regulation on the part of Emmanuel macrons, the new Minister of Economy easing, will not call into question the controversial 35-hour week.
On Saturday Mr Hollande had called his Mitsozialisten urgently to be "united" to show to the government.
But Christiane Taubira, the justice minister, sprinkled sand in the wheels, in which she appeared at a meeting of dissident Socialist MEP and the Socialist Party criticized that it "faith in their future" take the French.
Marine Le Pen, the far-right leader of the National Front, mocked the permanent grave fighting the Socialists, saying that they could not imagine that the new government would Valls longer hold than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor with no clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls has no, they are forced to form a new government if the old did not survive times a summer.
"And the new is also not survive the fall or winter," said Miss Le Pen against supporters.
She repeated the reputation of their party to a dissolution of parliament and said she was confident emerge victorious in early elections and is ready for government.
The ruling party of France was defeated in the municipal elections in March and the right-wing National Front was the EU elections in May in front.
A poll in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party of risk is subjected to break up into several rival factions before the end of the term Hollande 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at Sciences Po University, warned that the French would quickly lose patience when the new Socialist government achieved no improvement in the economy and record unemployment.
"There is a small window of opportunities, but public opinion has quickly feel that things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise nearing a deal with Prestige Cruises from $ 3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, according to experts of the industry leading advanced negotiations for the acquisition of competitors Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $ 3 billion.
A deal would give a market value of 6.8 billion dollars, access to luxury cruise ships of Prestige Cruises, as well as its wealthy clientele, while with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp Norwegian Cruise, a company (CCL.N) competes.
An agreement could be announced already this week, the sources said on Sunday and warned that the talks also could end without result.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also owns a 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to be able to remain anonymous because the negotiations are not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment.
Headquartered in Miami company Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was $ 2.57 billion in 2013, an increase of 13 percent compared to 2012 Design.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brand names Regent and Oceania, which jointly operate eight cruise ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenues in 2013 of $ 1.2 billion, an increase of 6 percent compared to last year.
The cruise industry is a total of around $ 29 billion and over the next few years the middle class in emerging countries such as China and India is for them due to the strengthening expected.
The companies are trying to position themselves for these new customers as the best choice in the cruise providers.
Prestige Cruises applied for the IPO with the US regulators in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since a $ 850 million deal of 2007.
Norwegian Cruise emerged in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise provider owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and casino conglomerate controlled by the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $ 1 billion in 2008 Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went in January 2013, the stock market.
Genting held in late June, according to regulatory agencies 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 percent of the shares and the private equity firm TPG Capital LP accounted for 8 percent of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise have in common, according to the original application documents for the IPO of Prestige Cruises over 82 percent of passenger capacity on American cruise ships.
Pro-Hong Kong activists condemn China on the day after the election decision.
A Beijing-abiding group waved near the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress adopted on Sunday a framework law that allows only two or three candidates for the leadership election in Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the majority support of a nomination committee, which is expected to Beijing staffed with loyal members.
With this decision, it is almost impossible for opposition Democrats, to be eligible for election and led pro-democracy activists to carrying its threats and paralyze with "Occupy Central" -Protesten financial center Hong Kong.
Political reforms have long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; and the party leadership, China's fears that the cries spread to other towns for democracy.
Following the publication of a Beijing the White Paper, in which the domination of China was set out over Hong Kong in June, kept democracy activists from an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, in which hundreds of thousands marched in the city's business district and there organized a sit-in.
Lis survey is organized by the Hong Kong Government and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
The deputy chairman of the Legal Commission of the Standing Committee, Zhang Rongshun and the Deputy Director of the Office of Hong Kong and Macao Affairs of the State Council, Feng Wei, should be questioned in the course of the day.
Student activists have announced to gather in the afternoon in front of the Hong Kong office of leadership.
Britain looked to the final phase of the 150-year colonial rule in Hong Kong no democratic elements in front.
Putin demanded from Kiev, the recording of "statehood talks" with the Eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked Russian media reports said on Sunday that the Ukrainian Government to end the fighting against separatists in the east of the country and receives directly with negotiations to "rule" the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskov was later clear that Putin had not meant that under the control of the separatist region of eastern Ukraine, a part of Russia will, but that his status towards Ukraine should be redefined to the Russian-speaking region the power to to provide representation of its rights and interests.
Putin's call to the Kiev government to negotiate on equal terms with the pro-Russian rebel fits however since the start of the riots five months ago apparently pursued by him strategy: helping the separatists in taking of territories and pressure on the Ukrainian government to the newly proclaimed Region Novorossija to allow de facto independence for an alliance with Russia rather than the West.
In an interview with the state television channel one Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture held by separatist territories in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea had annexed on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have called the occupied territory as "Novorossija" or "New Russia" lately, a term reminiscent of the pre-revolutionary heyday of the Russian Empire.
Putin pointed out that all those who hope in the course of campaigns Ukrainian politicians for the elections on Oct 26, and during the reign of groups to attack civilian communities in the areas held by separatists for early peace talks "caught in its illusions" are reported Itar -Tass.
"We need to immediately enter into detailed discussions, not only on technical issues, but also to the political organization of society and the state status of East Ukraine, in order to safeguard the interests of the people there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's reference to the law in the context of greater autonomy must be seen to be discussed by the Kiev leadership for months to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government may grant the eastern parts of the necessary autonomy, Peskov said.
It is not about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it's not about a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine."
The clarification of the Kremlin speaker to correct the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored the leadership of Russia in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the East as opposed to the direct annexation of the Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have far greater difficulty, the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine to annex, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians and surveys from the period before the conflict resulted in a large majority for remaining in the Ukraine.
The autonomy that was approached by Russian diplomats in international forums would give the regional governments in Ukraine authority to negotiate their own trade agreements and foreign relations, and so the Kremlin effectively give control of an area that the Russian territory with the Crimea connects.
The annexed five months ago peninsula in the Black Sea is the home port for the majority of the Russian Navy and an important trading port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostowgebiet in Russia and the Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries that manufacture key components for the Russian military.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested in his inauguration speech on 7 June that the Ukrainian legislation - after elections - should consider additions to the Constitution, with which the respective regions greater control over their finances and the status of the languages ​​is given.
But his idea of ​​autonomy seems to stand in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, their armament and incitement Moscow accused.
Putin's last call to Kiev to negotiate with the separatists leaders at eye level, followed by a further advance of the rebels in the past week after Russian troops and tanks invaded over the previously peaceful areas along the Sea of ​​Azov in the eastern Ukraine.
The Russian-backed separatists took by surprise, which is the first step in a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to the Crimea, according to Ukrainian security official fears that control of Novoazovsk.
Because of this massive civil and military preparations are under way to fasten a steel industry Mariupol port with 500,000 inhabitants, lies between Novoazovsk and the narrow access to the Crimea.
Poroshenko said on Saturday at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels and asked for urgent action to prevent another Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that is independent for 23 years.
"We are nearing a point at which there is no turning back," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit decided any concrete actions that leadership demanded the design of further sanctions against Russia, which should enter into force at an unspecified escalation of Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to retreat in Ilowajsk from their positions after two Russian armored columns and 1,000 soldiers last week entered the Donezkregion to support the beleaguered separatist, Colonel Andrei Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council reports said on Saturday in Kiev ,
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers who were trapped by the Russian invasion of Ilowajsk were exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers who had been captured a week ago on Ukrainian territory, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Nude photo scandal involving Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey noblest made no secret of his anger at hackers who presumably stolen nude pictures of his fiancée Gabi Grecko and a Who's Who of A-list celebrities from Hollywood.
The film city is in an uproar after a series of clear photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence have surfaced in a hacking scandal involving celebrities on the Internet.
The responsible for this hacker has well over 60 nude pictures of Lawrence, star of "The Hunger Games" and of superstars, including the model Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
Of the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, and Grecko from Melbourne supposedly private photos were made public due to iCloud gap.
The list includes 101 celebrities.
Noblest who had last month engaged to Grecko opposite Confidential said: "It is disgusting."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It's a shame that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, currently in New York, reportedly told a news website that the Hack "shameful" and that those affected "hurt" felt.
The hacker probably 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two shots in which she is not in a pool above.
The film works Palmers include "Love is invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-Star Strahovski and actress Browning from Sucker Punch were yesterday for comments on the chopped images not available.
A representative of Lawrence 'told TMZ: "It is a heinous violation of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen sentenced the hacker in his tweet: "to post Chopped images from a mobile phone is nothing more than the sale of stolen goods."
In purely legal terms, the redistribution of stolen images should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and walkers were yesterday at the 8th Cycle of the Great Feldberg there and have thus the organization "Help for Children with Cancer" support.
The tour, which was an ordeal for some, represented a light workout for the other.
In one, however, all agreed: It was fun.
Thomas Studanski should have last night slept well.
For the first time in his life the head of Oberurseler brewery is driven yesterday by bicycle on the Feldberg.
For a good cause.
The small muscles he can put away as easily, especially as personally valuable knowledge had brought him to participate in the 8th Cycle of the Great Feldberg in favor of the association "Help for children with cancer" (Frankfurt).
A great thing.
"I know now that I can do that - great!"
Little break on the road in the applause curve?
No, if I had even stopped bout of been ...
As Thomas Studanski sitting for the CDU in Oberursel city council, many of the 718 participants struggled yesterday in Frühtau to mountains and came close to exhaustion, but happy on the plateau of.
Others it fell it easier to overcome the more than eleven-kilometer route between the Hohe Mark and Feldberg.
Norman Dießner for example.
The occurring all in red Green Party politician from the district council - red dress, red bike - made at the start a little understated ("! Lots of pros, there's arrival, the objective"), turned out to be but on the mountain but when half professional and went 45 minutes without respiratory distress finish line.
He, too, is driven through the track in one go, as well as Nina Kuhn, spokeswoman of the town Oberursel, which had made together with Frank Grüneisen on the way.
For the two triathletes the "Feldberg-cycling" was not necessarily a sporting challenge: "This is about charity, because we are happy with it - an exit we would have done in any case today," said Kuhn.
Along the way they had taken from Paul Wenzel Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) had gone down in the morning to Oberursel, only to kick it back to the level.
The Frankfurter Florian Zierz had swung into the saddle at home in the morning at 9 clock, "made" the Feldberg twice, and then roll with fun home.
Fun had "frit Toni".
For the head of the cult Oberurseler kiosks include biking on the Feldberg easy to do so.
He had targeted his 6.5-kilogram bike 40 minutes.
A crazy event.
For this purpose - as I am happy here, "said Andreas Balzke.
The well-trained Mainzer says of himself that he is an "ambitious racing cyclists".
He must be, because he was with the "fixie wheel" on the go, these are even racing bikes, but without circuit ...
That it also loosely went upstairs without wheel, proved not only the 20 hikers who climbed over the White Wall and the fox dancing to the summit, but also a jogger who was going on a cord a tire with weights behind.
Mountain Rescue Doctor Professor Volker Lischke who scored his team, equipped with four-wheel-Bully and Quad, for safety, said: "The characteristic" i from Frankfurt, who trained for a special sled trail, only that he stop pulling the carriage itself " . The man is so to speak his own husky.
The 718 participants - and so more than ever before - had been sent in the morning in groups on the route.
The first walkers at 9.30 clock.
This was followed by the first cyclists and runners by 10 clock.
Five minutes later, laid the first mountain biker going on.
Bent Hansen, chairman of the association "Cycling on the Great Feldberg", gave the start command, and wished the participants a nice trip.
For next year, he hopes it succeeds, the route to the Feldberg up to the security of the participants to terminate.
