The Prime Ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra meets Abe in Toko modes on his first major foreign visit since his election victory in May his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo, to discuss economic and security relations.
Mr located modes on a five-day trip to Japan, in order to strengthen the economic relations with the third largest economy in the world.
Plans for more nuclear cooperation are top on the agenda.
According to reports, India hopes in addition on an agreement on defense cooperation between the two Nations.
Karratha police arrested 20 years after fast motorcycle Chase
A motorcycle was confiscated, after the driver it at 125 mph in a 70 km/h zone and driven through Bush land had to escape from the police in Bilbara.
Traffic cops in Karratha tried this morning, a blue motorcycle to stop after they had observed it, as it left a petrol station at 125 km/h on the Bathdate road.
The police reported that the driver then ignored the retention signals and drove further on Burgess road, before he turned into the Bush country, where the officers lost sight of it.
The motorcycle as well as a person who matched the description of the driver were seen later at a house in the way of Walcott in Bulgarra.
The Karratha police a 20 year-old man accused of ignoring a stop signal as well as reckless driving.
He will be released on September 23, in a District Court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was ensured and confiscated for three months.
George Webster indicted for Naim and Pitlochry Hotel rape
A man is on trial for the rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, was read the charges at a hearing by the Supreme Court in Glasgow.
He is accused on 7 June 2013 a woman in the Scotland having it raped hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire.
The charge is that Webster attacked her, while "was unconscious, asleep, and could signal no agreement."
Webster also accused to have raped a second woman at the golf view hotel in Naim in the Scottish Highlands on May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set the trial date for Nov. 17 at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Go back to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have tabled a legislative proposal to establish the Organization of trade unions as civil rights.
"Such as trade unions, die, die also the middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, and Deputy Chairman of the progressive caucus in the Congress.
Therefore, I imagine the employee empowerment law proudly alongside the civil rights icon John Lewis.
This ground-breaking legislation gives workers the same legal possibilities for discrimination on the grounds of the Organization of trade unions as other forms of discrimination - and stops so antigewerkschaftlich set forces.
The addition of the national labour law, for discrimination to make a way exposed workers to organize of a trade union representative, to sue in a civil court for Justice - and to obtain damages or fines - is a useful and necessary initiative.
But it is not a radical initiative - with security anyway, according to American standards.
Indeed, is the best way to understand of what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of their bill proposing, the connection back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks, the unions suffered in the past few years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other States across the country - Americans have encouraged once countries all over the world, to recognise labour rights to extend and maintain.
There was a time that millions of Americans still remember when this country was called democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organise in the same breath.
When after the second world war, Japan occupied the United States, General Douglas MacArthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a Constitution that should ensure that the militarized autocracy would be replaced by democracy Hedki Tojo.
Knowing full well, that the workers and their unions in the creation of a new Japan assumed a role, she used a language that explicitly recognized that "the rights of workers on Union and joint negotiation and action are guaranteed."
As the United States occupy Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff urged the Germans to write a Constitution that would ensure that Adolf Hitler's fascism would be replaced by a strong democracy.
Should, in recognition of the fact that the workers would need to organise and raise their voice in the new nation the Germans added a clause which explicitly stated: "guarantees the right to form associations is the working and economic conditions to secure and improve each and every trade or business.
Agreements that restrict this right or aiming to reduce it are null and void; that targeted measures are illegal.
As the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the chairmanship of the International Commission on human rights, was designed by the Universal Declaration of human rights as adopted in 1948 by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the other authors guarantees added, that "everyone has the right to form trade unions for the protection of his interests or to join them."
For generations, Americans the basic premise accept that labour rights are human rights.
As this country advised other countries as one could form a civil and democratic societies, Americans declared that the right to form a Union - and that the Union should - then participate in collective bargaining as equal partner with companies and Government agencies must be protected.
After these rights came under attack in America it is indeed wise to lead the American ideal in mind, as a result, workers have the right to unite and to get heard in a free and open society.
As pastor said fifty years ago, Martin Luther King Jr.:
The history is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the labour movement not restricted the strength of the nation, but increased it.
By raising the living standards of millions of people, work miraculously has created a market for the industry and raised the entire nation to unimaginable levels of production.
Those who attack the work, forget these simple truths, but the story keeps them.
The story recalls, and we should do that.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil liberties as protection against discrimination in the creation of employee representatives - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals which largely did America in the past and broke up the promise of democracy.
Judge temporarily stops law that all abortion clinics in Louisiana might force the closure
A U.S. federal judge temporarily stopped the implementation of a law in Louisiana, lawyers say that it probably would have resulted in the closure of all five abortion clinics in the State on Sunday.
This measure, which was elevated in June to the law by Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana, and takes effect on Sept. 1, would force doctors who perform abortions, to acquire a patient recording right at a hospital within a radius of 30 miles to her practice.
The judge's decision, however, mean that doctors can temporarily continue to legally perform abortions while they apply for such a right.
"The plaintiffs can continue compliance with the law, while they strive to obtain these rights," wrote in his ruling Federal Judge John deGravelles.
A hearing for the judge is applied within one month, to bring a more permanent decision for the law.
Abortion advocates welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures and said that doctors could win more time to gain hospital in instruction rights.
"Today's decision means that the women in Louisiana escaped a sneaky law that them want to take their health and their rights," said Nancy Northup, President and Chairman of the Center for reproductive rights, which had sued on behalf of three of the five hospitals in the State to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the judgment also on the doctors from the two hospitals stretched, who had not joined the lawsuit and also applied for admission rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 States that have enacted similar laws, courts have recently declared such measures in Alabama and Mississippi for unconstitutional.
Key points of a law in Texas that would have forced most of the hospitals in the State to close, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion advocates and the American College of Ostretricians and Gynecologists, and the American Medical Association say unanimously that permit rights require unnecessary restrictions by doctors.
Abortion opponents argue that the measures serve the protection of women's health, though some welcomed the impact of the closure of clinics.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana, has patient a banksman privileges, said the Center for reproductive rights.
If all other doctors in the State are forced to perform no more abortions, this doctor out of fear would no longer perform the operation for his safety, the group said.
In her arguments against the verdict, representatives of the State of Louisiana said that they would punish doctors for performing abortions, while their patient banksman real applications were still pending.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatments lead to higher death rates due to ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have put online a video tribute to her mother who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
For women in the rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of ovarian cancer to die, than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical records of more than 1100 Australians, ovarian cancer was observed where 2005, and found that only 25 percent were five years after diagnosis still alive.
The head of research of Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said that for those living in rural and remote areas of the State, the mortality risk is 20 percent higher was during the study than for those in urban areas.
SMALL study: new drug may slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers studied the medical care of women for seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman at the diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, existing medical conditions, as well as the social and economic status also influenced survival.
For older women and those whose Krebs already had progressed, at the time of diagnosis, the survival rate was lowest.
For those living in rural and remote areas of the State, the risk of death was during the study to 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study was not why women living outside the city more likely died of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested a late diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centres as possible factors.
"This disease is treated best by Gynecologic Oncologists, and these are mostly in larger cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of telemedicine services to counter the distances, she suggested a strengthening of the service of doctors flown in as a possible remedy to specialists the opportunity to provide women, closer to their place of residence, as well as treatment programs for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said that the study found a poor long-term survival rate in women in the ovarian cancer regardless of geographical status and stressed the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The Rio Tinto ride to conquer cancer funded study journal is published today in the medical of Australia.
In March 2013, Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years from the Gold Coast, learned that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centres regret declining numbers of homeowners
The decline along with a reinforced fall in the number of homeowners under 35 years of age could cause that garden centers lose tens of thousands of pounds per year, when today's young consumers reach the "core age group for garden products" according to a study of the HTA, as reported in the financial times.
The report states that tenants on average spend 55% of their value, spend the people with homes for their garden.
The increase of people living in highly urbanized areas without gardens, the popular procedures to pave front yards for parking purposes and other factors that threaten the sector, are decreasing garden size of 5 billion estimated £ implemented annually in sales.
In greater London, where over a period of 6 years, the percentage of homeowners from 61 to 43 percent has fallen, the least expenditure for garden products per household are reported.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society indicate that housing for rent or small gardens does not mean that people can grow any plants.
Guy Barter, Chief garden Adviser for the RHS said: "container gardening is very popular, for example, with tenants, because you can take your plants during a move."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the garden retail due to increasing numbers of homeowners and economic prosperity from the late 1980s until the mid-1990s.
He predicted for this year also an improved market situation due to the better weather after unfriendly weather conditions in March and April last year.
That of the opposition politician Imran Khan and the clergy Tahirul Qadri-led protest movement in Pakistan continues.
In the capital Islamabad, protesters have stormed the State television station PTV around 1000.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said that soldiers would have pushed but again the protesters from PTV building.
The transmitter was decommissioned for around 40 minutes, but again sends.
At the same time, around 3,000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
About a kilometre away from she fought clashes with the security forces with sticks and stones equipped.
The police used tear gas.
The demonstrators called for Sharif's resignation, it rejects it.
The army of the country Meanwhile calls for a political solution to the conflict "without wasting time and to apply without violence".
The military announced after a meeting in the Headquarters on Sunday evening: "The Army its role remains obliged to ensure the security of the State".
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has coup already more frequently.
The opposition politician Imran Khan accused Prime Minister Sharif to have cheated in the elections in May of last year.
The protests were escalated at the weekend, after Khan and QADRI had encouraged their followers to reach Sharif residence.
Three people had been killed.
Turkey ordered a US diplomat for spying report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has summoned the senior US diplomats of that country for information of a report on American and British spy in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bülent said that the Chargé d'affaires of the U.S. Embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine of der Spiegel, as well as the intercept online magazine reported that the national security agency, Edward Snowden, showing by the former US analysts that the Turkey was a major area of activity for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the importance of the report and said that all major countries mutually spying out himself.
An earlier report that even the most important intelligence had Germany Ankara in the visor, was significantly verärgertere reactions of the Turkish Government.
Warning: train drivers threaten consequences for commuters
The nationwide warning of the driver on Monday night could affect also the passenger transport in North Rhine-Westphalia.
The strike announced for 18 to 21 concerns all transport companies, also long-distance, regional and S-Bahn services nationwide,
The main thrust of the warning is the carriage of goods.
Photo: A. Burgi / archive
said the District Chairman of the Union of German Lokomotivführer (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Düsseldorf, Germany.
We expect substantial failures.
There is no regional priorities.
The main thrust of the warning was the freight.
Deutsche Bahn in North Rhine-Westphalia announced to do everything possible to minimize the impact.
The GDL is that it didn't say where she wanted to strike so that it's hard to specifically predict the consequences.
Police Chief accused of Magaluf of corruption
The prosecutors presented evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the town of Calvià on Friday the Office of the public prosecutor of Mallorca.
The Chief of police of Calvià on the holiday island of Mallorca was arrested after allegations of corruption by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious binge-drinking hotspot Magaluf.
Chief Inspector José Antonio Navarro was arrested after allegations of corruption against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street, where most are bars and night clubs of Magaluf, investigation.
According to the online newspaper Diario Mallorca, the Prosecutors Office of the public prosecutor for corruption of Mallorca presented evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the town of Calvià on Friday.
Two other local policemen were arrested by the Spanish Guardia Civil in connection with corruption charges and will be interviewed by a judge together with Navarro.
The national Spanish newspaper ABC reported that the disgruntled owner of the night club said the nepotism of the authorities had a serious impact on their businesses.
"Is not about making money, it is about survival," one of the businessmen told the Court.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made international headlines, was shown in the a 18 British tourist who performed fellatio on 24 men during a Bender this summer due to a viral YouTube video.
The island authorities have since then tried to stop the disorderly behavior of drunk holidaymakers in Magaluf, by the number of participants in the infamous alcohol-soaked pub crawls has been minimized.
The Playhouse Club, where the fellatio incident took place, was forced to close for a year, common during Playhouse and the pub tour organizer carnage a penalty of €55,000 ($73,000) have to pay.
The tourist resort Magaluf, which is popular especially among young British holidaymakers, is known also for several accidents under the influence of alcohol, including the trend of "Balconing" in which people from a balcony jump to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from Adelaide Airport
The spring has brought a winter surprise South Australia, with heavy rain and strong winds, the flights from the airport of Adelaide from impaired.
More 5 mm of rain on the city, fell after 6, 6mm, which were already down in the night of Sunday evening until 21: 00.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including a casting, which began shortly before 8: 00 and made for almost 4mm rainfall in about 10 minutes.
After the winter last week spring had ensured an early dose, the temperatures in the city fell on Monday again to a maximum of only 15.8 ° C.
The gusty weather conditions have probably resulted in the delayed landing of a Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane had to land shortly after 19:30, a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - was however hit by a shear wind - and had to start.
Gusts of wind reached at this time about 50 km/h on the ground at the airport in Adelaide.
The flight data showed that the aircraft even when a second landing had to start and finally sat at about 20:40.
The flight delay subsequently resulted in the delay of some other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and a Quantas flight from Sydney.
For Adelaide a maximum temperature of 16 ° C is predicted on Tuesday, with possible showers.
Matthies says: time to large networking
In the face of galloping technological progress, which threatens to transform our comfortable home in high-tech switchboards, our columnist Bernd Matthies with a very familiar electronic accessories consoles himself.
As I write this, my views of the spiral cable that connects the phone to the handset, falls, and I think: Wow, like retro is this?
But behind a consideration: If the cable would not be all listeners would fly around in no time even in the House, and that would be much more retro.
Already applies to the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typo: electronic) sector the rule that the novelty of today of electric scrap tomorrow is bought - out of date.
And who today still a CRT TVs in the living room, which merely says that he basically rejects television.
Which is why these considerations?
Because the urge at the IFA at the radio tower again our absolute incompetence in issues of electronics in mind leads us this week.
The layman, formerly blind dominated washing machine and CD player, today not even understands the purpose of the devices, which are laid out with incredibly vain expert before him: "connected home, wearables, health care and urban technologies" the press office have been promised.
Yes, it's yet?
What should you talk about with people who apparently voluntarily spread such Quark?
Basically it comes for about 20 years in particular that we should link our House back.
So that the yogurt even reordered so that the fire detectors in the holiday in the Maldives tells us that it just burns in the work room.
And it would be wonderful if we from the Office the air conditioner on our early arrival...?
Yes, but this assumes an air conditioning.
But will very certainly soon: you say we lift our wristwatch, according to "Sucking!" - and home moves the dust vacuuming robot.
Astray.
All amounts to nothing less than a revolution: "Blur the boundaries between white and Brown goods", whispering an industry insider, the washing machine can be combined with a headset, the steamer sent the weather report and displays the data glasses, how long the pizza in the oven still needs, but what is useless, because we are in a traffic jam.
We also know from daily practice: If times really urgently needed a fancy device, the battery is guaranteed empty.
What is another reason that the spiral cable on the phone will survive the next radio exhibitions.
Israeli children return to their schools after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas in the vicinity of the Gaza Strip returned in the schools on Monday, after they had spent the summer in population during rocket and mortar attacks on their communities during the CAI war between Israel and Hamas went down and the schools in Gaza remained closed while the area recovering from the fighting.
The school launch brought a sense of joy and expectation of the communities in southern of Israel from rocket bullet hole drawn, but the character of the battles are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, employee of the "Pashosh" remote-kindergarten, which was hit by a rocket, before the arrival of students shrapnel from the walls and sliding.
"We are a little afraid, but are excited," Ronit said beard, resident in the kibbutz Saad and local English teacher.
Many children from our area need to return to a routine.
Her 11 year old daughter Shani, Bart said it felt "a little weird" to go back to school.
"Those were difficult times, and we went out of the House at all," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz near the border with Gaza, to offer his support.
Until a cease-fire last week interrupted the war left thousands of residents of border communities such as Saad in their homes or abandoned their homes to move to safer areas further away from Gaza and to avoid the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a community near the border with Gaza, where a 4th boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar shell, hesitate with the return.
The Ministry of Education informed, about a dozen families had still not returned.
Their children were housed temporarily in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanjahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town to Gaza, which is heavily drawn from the Palestinian fire.
He urged the children to learn a lot and said "we will ensure that you gain knowledge and offer you safety."
Israel and Hamas agreed on a unbefristeteten ceasefire last Tuesday.
The ceasefire provided for an immediate end to the fighting; important problems remain unresolved, however, as the demand of Hamas for the lifting of the Israeli Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel calls for disarming Hamas and the handing over of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin this month in Egypt.
During the war more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed, three-quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children according to estimates of the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies this information and estimates that at least half of those killed are militants, presented but no concrete evidence for this information.
66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker were killed on the Israeli side.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza 4,591 rockets and mortar shells fired during the fighting on Israeli towns and cities, most of them in the South of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military carried out more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of houses in the Gaza area and about 250,000 people took refuge, have been converted into temporary shelters in more than 100 UN schools.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fighting persists, the education authorities last week moved the beginning of the school year.
"I hope the school is reopened soon, so that we can further learn like the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13 year old boy, who currently lives in a school in Gaza City.
After election in Saxony, Germany: CDU Deputy Chairman Strobl questioning NPD ban process
Given the vote losses of the NPD in Saxony CDU Deputy Federal Chairman Thomas Strobl has opted for an end of the NPD ban on proceedings before the Constitutional Court.
Ongoing prohibition proceedings against the NPD before the Federal Constitutional Court should see an end to Berlin - according to Thomas Strobl CDU federal deputy.
"The NPD scores worse than last time", said Strobl, who is also the CDU land chief in Baden-Württemberg, the "Leipziger Volkszeitung".
This is an encouraging development in the right direction and development, who rather come to the conclusion that that to fight the NPD politically and not in front of the Constitutional Court.
The NPD had failed in the vote on Sunday close to the five percent hurdle.
A first attempt to ban of the far-right party failed in 2003, because the protection of the Constitution at the time in the top of the NPD had informants.
In December 2013, the Federal Council submitted a new claim in Karlsruhe after long preparation.
Federal Government and the Bundestag not joined.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At the place of the new countries, refugees are now housed in tents.
The Central first contact for refugees in Harburg, bursting at the seams.
Now have three tents of the Red Cross also set up the inner authority.
District politicians were informed only shortly before - they're little excited.
"This year actions Stoke further reservations of citizens and give the district politicians unable to contribute constructively to the humane accommodation of refugees," says about Britta Herrmann, parliamentary leader of the Greens in the Harburg district meeting.
Her party asks that the County Harburg is currently unused houses to the accommodation available.
96 refugees can be housed in the three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the first contact are the onslaught by seeking help - and the fact that the authorities can provide insufficient places in consequence facilities.
Many refugees remain thus longer than the regular three months.
House prices have the strongest winter rise in seven years, a widely observed index shows experienced,.
The RP Data CoreLogic hedonic home value index for homes in the Australian capital rose in August by 1.1 per cent, the RP data on Monday.
By this increase, the total increase is in June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual price increase amounted to 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country.
Tim Lawless, RP Data's Research Director, said that Sydney and Melbourne drive a two-tier market.
The RP data figures, that house prices in Sydney rose to 16.1 percent last year, in Melbourne, however, by 11.7 percent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose on average by five and six per cent.
Canberra, which has been hit hard by the cutbacks in public spending and where the prices throughout the year to 1.4 percent is at the other end of the scale.
Mr Lawless said that with the beginning of spring for the next few months a rise in the sale to observe the real estate would be, which would undergo the market "a real test".
"If you look at the persistently high rate of auction prices, a generally fast sales rate and the persistently low interest rate environment, it is likely that home prices will rise even further in the next three months," he said.
In a statement to the new press, he contradicts statements of CEO Peer Medau and attested this to pose "like a warrior".
The style of the College, wasn't this it says the communication.
So was the family Medau already "oral mid-June about the notion of higher education been informed.
"The statement that the plans were only known in July, are definitely wrong, so PA.
At the same time he pointed out that it is not in the plans to "prior commitments or even decisions", but there "Preferences".
Also required for the access improving the narrow road up to the castle was less dramatic than feared by the Medaus.
A nine-metre-wide road was and is out of the question.
Is current state about 5.50 meters, which is a metre wider than ever before", says PA.
The argument of the Medau operators that used their free and own school parking areas in the future only by students at the University, want to leave do not apply PA.
Parked to will not ever, because that how to solve now intelligently with other public parking can be.
Think of the residents
The nursery mountain IMP, which is located on the site and on their doorstep, the access road would lead to the parking deck along, should according to the College President "not be affected".
But he admits, "that involves not just the nursery, but also to the residents at the junction to the Friedrichstraße Streib and the 800 students of the neighboring secondary school.
It therefore involves much more than special interests of Lords Medau", so PA.
The readers whether the criticism of the parents Advisory Board of the crèche, with the expansion of the road would was entitled a "of the few natural spots Coburg lost", "can decide for themselves".
Early October will PA together with the State Building Authority Bamberg 2020 inform the city councils on the development of College "and addressed the importance of the new development in this context".
Peer Medau had informed the parents of nursery of the plans of the University last week.
Therefore, the access for the new parking deck not as so far about the campus and the Friedrichstraße Streib, but about the Medau mountain should lead.
Thus the narrow road on about one km should be expanded length two-lane.
According to projections the Medaus, the traffic in the Park of Schloss Hohenfels thus would increase tenfold.
The speech is of approximately 2000 vehicles a day.
Pages of the city you wanted to not be expressed so far to the project.
Glandorf resigns from national handball team
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the German team.
The 31-year-old from the Bundesliga side SG Flensburg-Handewitt led above all health problems for this decision.
The decision is not easy for me, it is matured for several months.
It is for me"time to listen to the signals of my body and to end my career in the national team, the world champion of 2007 on his Facebook page said.
He is thus a record of 167 international matches and 576 goals for Germany in international retirement.
Because the throw huge back room player for the Champions League winners from Flensburg will go some years on Varis, he no longer is the new national coach dagur Sigurdsson now available.
With the Icelanders, who announces his squad for the matches against the Switzerland on Tuesday, Glandorf held a "long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches have me inspired as well, as they will delight even my long-time teammates and my successor.
But for my club I want to be healthy also in the next few years available, longer regeneration breaks are necessary, which does not allow the current double taxation.
The left-hander had have to worry about 2012 even his career end after a heel infection.
Because of Achilles tendon problems he had team doctors of the German Handball Federation (DHB) with a cortisone injection treat, which later triggered a strong inflammation.
An emergency operation and two more operations followed.
Then Glandorf had filed a lawsuit against the team doctor announced that the confrontation ended with a comparison.
Twelve years of professional and eleven year national team career pass without a trace on any body.
I have some health construction sites, I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-related foot operations, which took place at short intervals in 2012, I never really got my blood pressure under control.
To do this, get some other wear-related problems.
Already at the beginning of the year, I realize that I can control my head though, but don't be fooled my body", said the magazine"Handball Time"Glandorf in an interview.
For a comeback, he would be ready only in an absolute emergency.
"If all else fails, I'm always ready," the family father of two told the magazine.
However I can count on one hand the years in which I can play even handball.
I must also say that I became a 2012 also quite humble after my long hospital stay, concerning my health.
I would like to can go after my career, at least reasonably straight.
Next to the 2007 World Championship and winning the Champions League 2014, he won the EHF Cup 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo).
2012 he clinched the European Cup of Winners'cup also with Flensburg.
German economy shrunk by 0.2 percent in spring
The crises around the globe have slowed down the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product fell by 0.2 percent from April until end of June 2014 compared to the previous quarter.
It told the Federal Statistical Office and thus confirming preliminary calculations.
Alone consumption revived the economy in the spring, while investment declined.
Foreign trade also slowed the economy.
Thanks to the strong start of the year results for the first half of a total a GDP increase of 0.8 percent compared to the second half of the year 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of the "Münsterland"mooiste, who led for the first time on Sunday by the man city.
The man city Horstmar experienced an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer" on Sunday.
The largest cycling association in the Netherlands, NTFU, organised the so-called "mooiste of land of Münster".
This range it is to the biggest cycling tour across through the Münsterland, the cyclist's paradise near the Netherlands.
Over 1000 participants thanked their login to Jos ter Hürne for organizing this tour through the Münsterland.
Advertised in various journals this tour offered to interested parties.
We come from Den Helder and drove overnight to take part in this tour.
We want to know the Münsterland in this way even closer", the cyclists on the route through the districts of Steinfurt and Borken, Coesfeld rejoiced.
After logging in the clubhouse of the rifle brotherhood STA.
Catherine went on a little "peace ride" through the city about the wall, where also the launch took place.
The route that was advertised for three different categories, in the direction of Mr. wood Schöppingen mountain in the direction of Coesfeld and Havixbeck and Billerbeck back to Horstmar ran.
On distance of 95 kilometers with 1175 metres above sea level, 120 km with 1475 meters in altitude and 145 km of 1775 metres above sea level, the cyclists demonstrated their good condition.
Catered for they were on the road in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Main Organizer Jos ter Hürne and Heinz Lölfing Mayor Deputy were very pleased about the success of this cycling event.
We are happy and it was a great experience for all involved.
The organization ran without problems and there were no negative incidents,"Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, not so many participants, as the organizers had hoped, what was presumably the bad weather forecasts and the morning rain came.
"We see us in 2015 again hopefully nice weather on August 30 or during a different weekend" cyclists promised but still in the Münsterland countryside to come back and the organisers are planning a new edition.
Konstantin alarm brutally honest memoirs
It is actually more philosophical testimony as a biography, what brought singer-songwriter Konstantin Wecker, pacifist, politsicher activist, ex-con, "Monk and warriors" on 287 pages to paper.
Not chronologically, but more thoughts scraps for scraps of thoughts of the Munich born on June 1, 1947, has written his memoirs, initiated each chapter by a matching lyrics.
And he is brutally honest here: by the masturbation as a high school student to the shoplifting and drug use he omits no human weakness.
Also, to show how he himself learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow men.
Also abstract, but the more important items occupy: love, ego, being in the now, soul, spirituality - all he tried on the reason to go, very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he explains his social criticism, also its pacifism, his political involvement - and also, how not only the music has influenced him (the Opera lovers became the soul and rock musician), but also his prison stay.
The latter is closer to the Bon Vivant Konstantin Wecker also the ascetic monk, resulting "subtraction", as he says, "while making away everything unnecessary".
Between all the hochgeistigen views, there are also brief anecdotes about the Earth: about brawling in a bar frequented by GIs or a crazy drive in which he targeted head-on a tree.
There, he is brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: my father never took me in the arm.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children in a family of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when was Henry 19, worked in a factory, and their relationship was limited.
Henry rehearsing it for a comedy, Rudy's rare records, partly based on an imaginary conversation with his father, emerged from the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult moments of childhood.
"Many" therapies he visited after the death of his mother, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship to his father.
It was hard to know.
You never saw his face, hear his voice: "stop the noise.
Leave your sister alone.
Move it!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who already grow up were when I was a kid – went with him to the pub and talked about things like the shape of the glass of beer or the beauty of a Cricketschlags.
I never had such a conversation with him.
He was a big part of my life that serious guy in the corner, read the newspaper.
Recently, Henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than they were during his father's, he won but insight into how life for him may have been.
It is now lighter, but they are dark, smoky, deep Stygian mazes with bursts of flame and smoke, and lots of carbon.
My father earlier just lay down in the tub and then you could hear him slowly as he to sing started because he could wash the Foundry itself.
As I walked around there, I realized he had done that for many years to bring the food on the table, and my respect for him grew.
However, Henry as a child without affection of his parents grew up.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you".
Only when it went bad my mother at the end of their lives, we began to say "I love you, I love you, I love you".
By his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he could share the love that he had missed as a child.
Could you time with the "I love you" stop?
Stop hugging me!
Dad, I'm 22!
with Dawn French.
Why should we be friends?
She is a great mother.
It is still a friend of French, with which he was married 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why should we be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's own mother was diabetic.
This contributed to her death.
When I was so very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said "you need to be radical.
So I pulled out this fitness thing and had to also a drastic diet, to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is exhausting.
No one likes to eat carrots.
Henry's career change is perhaps reflected in his elegant, close-cropped beard.
Since he was praised by the critics for his Othello, he is engrossed by the theatre.
This was followed by the comedy of errors, and then fences by August Wilson.
This is a different experience than the sitcoms and comedies that have filled out his busy working life.
He started with only 16 years ago, when he worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on stage as he imitated people and wrote about him on new faces.
His television career began in the mid of 1970s. "I was the only black impersonator/comedian in television for a long, long time."
He learned in the profession.
I had to grow not only in front of the eyes of the public, but also from 1975 to 1985 learn how I could become an efficient jokes tell machine while I through television was a star, and it was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 when new faces
Manager be the stage right on the black and white minstrel show had, Henry his comedy light entertainment, where people "black painted on", performed there over five years.
That was my family very uncomfortable.
I kinda wish that it never would have happened, but I do not regret I did it.
It was a strange, uncomfortable position for me, but I worked on big projects and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But this 'years of award-winning light pillar of British television' was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
With the introduction of characters, the British black culture both mocked as celebrated, Henry worked in the 1980s to an alternate Comedykreis.
The first series of the Lenny Henry show in 1984 went on the air, and in the nineties he was Chief among the chef Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series! known.
His next decade dominated advertising, documentaries, TV series and film roles, but after his BBC series, he thought LennyHenry.tv 2008: "what are you doing next, Len, because it feels everything, as you bring out only the time or step a little on the spot."
Then there came a documentary series for Radio 4 entitled what so great about...?
The first episode is turned to Shakespeare.
I was literally allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never really learned something about him at school and kept him mostly for a domain of middle-class, white tights and a cabbage in front.
So I had great fear before.
All those we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "you should try it.
Don't do it badly, if you don't know what you are talking about.
Take a few of the words in his mouth, and then you will understand why we so love all Shakespeare.
Henry performed 20 rows from Othellos last speech for the documentary and he was thrilled.
I had the feeling that I could do this.
It was almost, as if someone had set up right the head me.
"It comes it's a serious thing, she take this seriously, learn your lines, research a bit."
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we made it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and that just didn't happen.
And soon he appeared in the comedy of errors.
I was suddenly in the national theatre and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed." "
There was a technical error and Henry felt instinctively that he had entertained the audience.
"A little voice told me"You need to bypass now 10 minutes while they repair the computer.""
Instead, the stage manager announced that the idea of were to continue, as soon as the problem had been solved.
I went from the stage and something in me said "Oh, thank God".
I am not responsible.
I can leave that to someone else.
"You play in a play, so stay in your role."
Henry in fences at the Duchess Theatre
It was challenging to learn the text for fences.
Panic is very good, that strengthens the tendons.
This was well received, so it's like a large sign of the gods, telling me "This is your destiny." "
He says this, of course, with a THUNDERING voice.
So I stick to it.
I really love that.
I love to be in a rehearsal room.
Henry has still the head of a comedian - our conversation is traversed by humorous outbursts, while he imitates people again and again.
I decided to make no stand-up comedy, because I find that this kind of instant gratification by a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If you are looking for all the time that, it drives it against a wall.
I perform sometimes live at the Apollo, if I want to, but overall it gives me not so much as before.
I ask him whether he will make ever again a stand Comedytour.
The fun I have in a room with a Director, which helps to shape a beginning, a middle, and the end of a trip - I don't think that I ever want to give up.
So here is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I'm like an actor.
It's fun.
It always is a story, and that's great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Houthi rebels block roads in Yemen capital
In the conflict between Houthi Shiite rebels and the Yemeni Government, the Houthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Houthi followers would have occupied Central streets in Sanaa on Monday, said a spokesman of Houthi party "Ansar Allah".
Also the entrance to the Parliament had been blocked.
Yemeni media reported a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper "Yemen post" Houthi leader Abdulmalik al Houthi had called on Sunday evening to the measures.
Houthi threatened according to the sheet with a further escalation of the conflict, his demands should not be met.
The Shiite Houthis are fighting for more independence from the Sunni-ruled Yemen and demand the resignation of the Government.
Of the Houthi tribe besieged the Yemeni capital for nearly two weeks.
30,000 rebels have set up protest camp on the major access roads of Sanaa.
In the surrounding area, it comes again to bloody fighting with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registered officials to curb "Ghost employees"
Kenya has begun to register all State officials to remove "Ghost employees" from the payrolls of Government biometrically.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks, would no longer be paid, was a Government communication.
The Government believed that thousands of people receive more salary payments even after their departure from the public service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised when he took office to 2013 to combat corruption in the public service.
During a test at the beginning of this year, it was found that at least 1 million $ (£700,000) lost a month on payments for "Ghost employees" and other abusive financial practices.
Wanyama Chebusiri reported the Government suspected that salaries continue to be paid on accounts, after a person has died or leaving the public service, for the BBC from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must appear in the next two weeks at identification centres, to ensure that their data via the biometric registration are recorded, was communicated in a Government message.
All who would not do this without a credible excuse would be slashed from the payroll, the release was further.
"Through this approach is contributed to the rationalization of the public service, by the actual number of civil servants is determined and the content list on both levels of Government will be adjusted – so the"ghost employees"are eliminated," said Anne Waiguru, the Cabinet Secretary at the Ministry of decentralization and planning.
The scandal surrounding the art consultant Helge Achenbach being negotiated for the first time on 11 November Court.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of the founder of the Aldi Theo Albrecht, claim damages from Achenbach and two of his companies undergoing insolvency proceedings in a civil action in the District Court of Düsseldorf 19.4 million euro.
This was announced by a court spokeswoman on Monday.
The writ says, Achenbach had cheated at the purchase of works of art and vintage cars and Berthold Albrecht calculated higher than actually paid purchase prices.
Thus even the agreed Commission had been higher.
Achenbach have purchased valuables for Albrecht for 121 million euros.
Children need roots and wings
He was 44 years in the teaching profession, 23 as principal.
From that time, Manfred Richter many seasoned Petershausener and Kollbacher knows from their time as a student.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always driven by his quest to see the people in the school.
Sněžka is the most famous mountain of the giant mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the paintings with the motif in his homeland.
Judge was born in 1930 in Trautenau/Northern Bohemia, Trutnov.
At 14 he was interested high school for the teaching profession after four years.
A year after that the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their house.
It went after several months in a camp in 1946 in Bavaria - in the boxcar.
So moved judges in the upper Franconian village of sinks.
Teacher training took place in Bamberg.
Manfred Richter had a week six times running 10 km to the nearest train station, take the train to Bamberg to there three kilometres across the whole city to the school go and back in the evening.
After two months, Manfred Richter got a sleep in a red cross home in Bamberg: along with upto 15 classmates in a dormitory.
in 1951, he made the first and 1954 after three years teaching candidate the second State examination.
As Upper Franconia had no teacher vacancy for him, he applied to Upper Bavaria and came on November 1, 1954, at the school in Kollbach.
The "Miss room" was his first "service apartment" in the schoolhouse.
in 1958, he moved into a three bedroom service apartment in the newly built Lehrerhaus next to the school.
Manfred Richter bought this House in 1980, after the school had been dissolved in 1968 in Kollbach.
Until then, there were three classes in Kollbach in the school of Petershausen Kantamani and Petershausen five.
As of the academic year 1968-69 these were summarised in Petershausen in today's City Hall.
When the school Indian village was established, only the primary school in the village remained.
To avoid a demotion in the now smaller school, moved to Karlsfeld - former Rector Georg Sigl and Manfred Richter became his successor.
But Petershausen grew, and as the children and their teachers from September 1982 could relate the present building, which was expanded in 1997 to judge retirement.
Manfred Richter praises the simple generosity of former Mayor Ludwig Götz, who in addition a at the expense of community work space and the extension 1997 cellars built, although this was not be eligible according to the guidelines for school buildings.
"Mayor Götz was very schulfreundlich," judge remembered gratefully.
In his whole career Manfred Richter has never forget the speech of a Government representative, who had responded to a Department of education about law and justice: "We must never forget the love". Manfred Richter translated what he had heard as a young teacher there.
"You have the children two things to give with: roots and wings", the today he says.
And he had to learn: "Do not always". It is not entirely clear whether he thinks only his students or just his own six children.
In any case, judge Tun was sometimes unconventional.
If students beat up, they got not a punitive labor by him and also were not fined for detention.
At the expense of the municipality, had judge let two get some boxing gloves and had to compete against the two opponents, even though it should give a violet in.
For the sake of the school, judge maintained a good relationship with the former Mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU) as Rector.
This moved the result Richter after retirement to do so, to run in 1996 as last on the CSU list for the Municipal Council.
But judge was selected to place six and joined the CSU.
180 km in three days
700 cyclists insert HR4 cycling in the spa park of bad Salzhausen and Scots stopovers
If cyclists on their tour in bad Salzhausen or Scots do rest, which in itself is nothing special.
On Friday however the sheer number made the snap impression: the 700 participants of hr4 cycling together with accompanying baggage train enjoyed a break in the lower spa gardens of bad Salzhausen and later a party under the open sky in the Schottener old Castle Park.
Under the motto "Cycling and celebrate on newly discovered paths between Niddah and Kinzig" had the participants met on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and there experienced a concert by Van Baker & band.
On Friday, it was serious: the cyclists took the first stage, 60 kilometres of Flor city after bad Salzhausen and Scots in attack.
In bad Salzhausen were the athletes of Mayor Hans-Peter Seum, co was started in Bad Vilbel by bicycle, and welcomes bad Salzhausen, Petra Schwing Döring, the head of equity operations.
For the refreshment of body and mind all sorts of good things had been prepared: country women from ranking city and down mock baked 85 sheets of Apple, plums -, sprinkles - and cheesecake, that wonderfully mundeten the brave cyclists.
"Only women can bake such cake", a participant from Aulendiebach praised while he ordered a piece of another.
Cold refreshments could be bought at the concession stand of the Gymnastics Club Geiß Nidda.
The "duo Bravo" entertained the visitors with well-known melodies from operettas and musicals and enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful ambience of the Park was relaxing.
A man enjoyed also a head massage from his partner: "he deserves that, finally, he has again fixed already cracked from bicycle chains".
Meanwhile, the Mayor and the Manager had to work yet: you were at the fountain before the Trinkkurhaus Janke Rainer reporter interviewed and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for bad Salzhausen.
Also promotion Chief Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 tour in 2004 as a tour guide, could just take a breather, he had but plenty to deal with the technology locally.
Pickup truck, in which he be using three phones and a radio with his staff and the 15-Member motorcycle section of the police of Hesse communicated, wrote Facebook entries and reports made, also needed a check.
"The majority of the participants comes from the Rhine-main area," told it, "but also from casting or Fulda, Lauterbach or the Taunus and even from many cities in Westphalia cyclists arrived.
The number of participants is a bit after the available bed capacity.
Participants in hotels are housed in category II in collective accommodation in category I.
From the spa town of the cyclists had a good impression when she again broke up after one and a half hours: "Bye!"
"It was beautiful in bad Salzhausen!" she waved goodbye.
After arriving in Scotland, the Group was allowed to insert a short breather.
But in the evening the cyclists in the idyllic old Castle Park were asked.
Under the direction of the Schotten society of tourism and city marketing (GTS), the Park had received a good festival atmosphere and of course you had prepared treats, about Tarte Flambée with well chilled Federweißer of.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS, managing director Markus Ziaul Haq and MSC Chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his function as a member of the Board of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased with the "many operating in Scots'.
DJ Tobias Hagen then released the dance stage.
The opportunity was eagerly used to sweeping move in the open air despite the workout on the bike.
Citizens who were also done by the good mood as the large crowd of cyclists mingled increasingly among the guests.
On the second day, the stations of Birstein, Wächtersbach and bad ORB - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - for the cyclists were on the agenda.
Yesterday, after 180 km cycling, the athletes arrived back in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police officers for "Conspiracy" against the Government arrested
A total of 33 policemen were arrested in Turkey on the basis of suspicion of "plotting against the Government", report local media agencies.
The police authorities issued no immediate comment.
Among those arrested are 14 high-ranking police officers, reports the Hürriyet daily news.
Some of them were involved in the corruption investigations involving government employees, including four Government Ministers last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers was arrested because had they allegedly established an organized criminal and tapped telephone numbers.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was Prime Minister at the time) described their approach as part of the activities of that are led by the Islamist cleric Fethulla Güllen against him and other people in positions of power.
Not all children in the Ukraine return to school
Schools opened almost everywhere in the Ukraine on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
Traditionally, this day is an important day for families, and like thousands of other parents of Ukrainian Prime Minister Arsenij Jazenjuk brought his daughter to school.
There he waiting journalists announced that not all schools had reopened, he was however determined to defend the country for future generations:
The September celebrations were not held in each school.
The sky is not everywhere peaceful about the Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The entire Ukraine, a huge common Ukrainian people's front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slavyansk, visited Jazenjuks daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that here again there is peace, and that the children receive an education that will be useful to them in later life.
The first day of the new school year is celebrated traditionally, children wear embroidered shirts, holding balloons in the hands and give flowers to their teachers.
With Rona Fairhead, maybe the BBC has found the great Director, it needs.
She arrives with a proud glory train from the banking world, media management and the inner circle of the Tory party.
And it has its own front experience.
Her career began at the global management consulting firm Bain and co., which moved to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the media world by Pearsons.
She was Chairman of the financial times for seven years and stepped down as the top item of the parent company of Pearson to a younger male colleague went.
Their settlement was reportedly nearly 1 million pounds.
Also her political ranking is solid.
She was recommended David Cameron by Lord Browne, the former Chairman of BP, when it was looking for more private-sector knowledge in Whitehall: she became the Counselor of the Cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory Councillor.
In may, I described the purpose of the Chair with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a huge and complex unit in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The Trust works in two directions: to the inside on the first guard of its management hierarchy at the BBC, but outward as the voice public concern and unrest, when things go wrong.
This ensures an almost unsustainable duopoly, which calls for a full comprehensive reform.
But what new incoming President would risk to compete, to embark on everything and to take apart an institution that is as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he himself perhaps brings to his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as if this were not enough, are also still many interested is reduced to see BBC -, money and status.
While closer to the competition and new technologies threaten old, convenient collateral, it is connected to the upcoming negotiation of the license fees for the BBC with special hazards.
For the modest sum of £145.50 per year and buys up the British public in the certainly largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: she says that she reached 96 percent of all households and only 40 pence per day costs each of them.
And apparently the BBC goes on the popularity scale back upwards: 53 percent support it today, compared to 31 percent a decade ago.
The vision and habits for the BBC have changed: I get news headlines today on my cell phone and catch missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and respectable institution.
She needs a considerable Chairman - I hope she has found him.
Perry from Texas says that derogatory Tweet was not authorized
A Tweet from the official account of the Republican Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday included a disparaging comment about the democratic District Attorney, which is the focus of a criminal indictment against him for abuse of authority.
The tweet was later deleted and replaced by another from Perry's account, who denied the previous.
Just, a Tweet from my account has been shipped, which was not authorized by me.
"I not cheap the tweet and have cleared him," it said in the later message.
Employees of Perry not immediately responded to requests for comments.
Although they went out Tweets from Perry's official account, it was not clear who actually operated the feed.
The previous Tweet received an unfavourable image of the District Attorney of Travis County, Rosemary clay mountain, was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry registered a veto against a financial support of their offices when she refused to resign this month in Austin resulted in jury charges against Perry – who may 2016 could be presidential candidate – before a Grand.
The text of the tweet is: "I'm not getting drunk with the triple allowable blood alcohol level... but if I do, I Governor Perry show when he says it."
I am the betrunkenste Democrat in Texas.
Office wasn't clay Hill with the line about the, investigation entrusted the grand jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was chosen by a Republican judge.
Perry pleads not guilty and called the prosecution a political trick.
His high-class team of lawyers petitioned the judge responsible for the case, dismissed the accusation and argued that the law, with the Governor in the history of the State of Texas will proceed against the most senior, is unverfassungsgemäß diffuse.
Perry stopped 7.5 million $ Government funds to the public integrity unit of the State - which is located in Travis County and determined in cases of government corruption in Texas - clay mountain refused to withdraw.
This veto led to a public complaint by a left watchdog group.
Perry's official account is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
After 2012 had at the caucuses in Iowa during his presidential candidacy as a fifth, Perry went on speculation, that he will stop by he posted a Tweet of a photo of himself while jogging near a Lake, with the words "we come South Carolina!"
Berkeley explains housing market again for "normal"
One of the most prominent contractors of London pointed out that the housing market in the South East of England "was returned to normal levels".
Homes in the capital were in hot demand and subject to huge price increases, which prompted the Bank of England due to the widespread fear of a credit bubble that, to put limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and Chief Executive Officer of the high-class construction company Berkeley said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current financial year the market has returned 2013 at normal levels of transaction since the peak" and added that this offers a "robust action"environment.
The real estate market in London was well positioned during the downturn, as foreign buyers in the capital urged.
According to information of the cadastre office prices in the metropolitan area are skyrocketed in the past year alone to 18.5 percent, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole.
The average selling prices for Berkeley's student, private and reasonably priced offers rose by a fifth in the last year and were at the end of April at the 423,000 pounds.
A stronger pound has, however, made less attractive in recent months real estate property in London for foreign buyers - some of them are been deterred also by the introduction of new real estate taxes and political rhetoric to a possible "Villensteuer" before the general elections next May.
The London real estate agent of Foxtons warned last week that the mortgage market report for April, the tighter credit lending rules were introduced in the second half of the year to lower market growth both in the sale of real estate prices would lead.
New data of the Bank of England on Monday show a decline in the mortgage approval in July, which also suggests that the real estate market cools.
Hamptions international, another real estate agency, corrected its forecast for the growth of real estate prices in London for 2015 after down to 3 percent, on the basis of an already weak house price consciousness.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London such as Kensington, Chelsea and Mayfair has now declined every year a quarter so the estate agent WA Ellis.
However, the desire for a home in the city of Berkeley is a blessing, since the amounts for forward sales to more than 2.2 billion £ amounts.
Mr Pidgley added: "demand remained stable after the proper, well-planned product at the best locations and also the forward sales have remained stable as a result."
In June, the company reported that it 3,742 new homes - sold in the year until end of April almost one-third more than the peak 2007 before the crisis.
Annual profit before tax grew annually by 40 percent to 280 million £, sales rose 18 percent to 1.6 billion pounds.
In a release on Monday before the annual general meeting of the company, Mr Pidgley said that revenue for Berkeley would expected to meet current market expectations in the current year.
The analysts estimate consistent annual pre-tax profit to 450 million pounds.
Berkeley shares were in the afternoon in London trading at 23,96 £.
Published nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence by hackers on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence appearance 85. Academy Awards.
Nude photos of the Oscar Prize winner Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a "master list" of images of another 100 starlets.
A representative of the stars from "The tribute out of panem" confirmed that the photographs of Lawrence were real and accused of "flagrant violation of privacy" the hacker.
The authorities have been notified and will pursue those who continue post the stolen photos from Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally posted on the photo sharing site 4chan, were allegedly procured iCloud through a gap in the online storage system by Apple. The alleged 'master list' of the Hackingopfer includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed reported.
It is not sure how many of the images are real, although Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the world" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"To those of you who are viewing photos, my husband and I took years ago in a private setting of our House - and I hope you're really happy with you" wrote Winstead on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" but denied that it was the photos pictures of her and tweetete "these so-called nude pictures of me are fake, people."
Fight we look equal to the beginning. * Pun intended *.
Buzzfeed on late Sunday reported that a spokesman of the pop star Ariana Grande the authenticity of the alleged photos of her denied.
Exclusive excerpt from Howard Jacobson hochgelobtem new novel about love and the letter "J".
They have vanished, so one could best describe it, they dissolved slowly like a cardboard, which you left in the rain.
Occasionally, a woman told him he was too seriously, exhausting, intense, aloof and perhaps a little Crabby.
And then shook his hand.
Crabby he knew.
He was prickly, as in hedgehogs, Yes.
The last victim of this Prickliness was a just starting affair, which had been promising for a relief of the lonely boredom in his life than usual, and maybe even a certain satisfaction brought him.
Ailinn Solomons was a trembling, delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart from a village on the North Island, which was even more remote and rugged as a port Reuben.
She came accompanied by an older South, who thought her aunt Kevern and who had inherited a plot of land in a damp but Paradise Valley with the aptly named Paradise Valley.
Over several years, no one had lived in the House.
The pipes were leaking, the bathrooms were still spinning, slugs had left its mark on all Windows and believed it belonged to them, and the garden was overgrown with weeds, looked like huge cabbages.
It was a garden full of secrets as the House in a children's fairy tale, both threatening how tempting.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" on the long list for the 2014 standing Booker Prize.
The shortlist will be announced in the coming week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn händchenhaltend on the broken deck chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon. Both had been hooked absent-mindedly in the Services console, which supplied the country with soothing music and calming messages, as the sight of her crossed legs of Brown a long-forgotten black entertainer reminded him of an old song, which his father had listened to like with closed shutters in the home.
Your feet are too large.
Due to their very own aggressiveness, songs of this kind were no longer played on the console.
Not prohibited - there was nothing really illegal - not just played.
It was successfully obsolesziert, like the Word whether sole zieren.
The General taste, managed what decrees and regulations would have done, and like the folks at books which of the rags-to select memoirs of the millionaire, cookbooks and romance novels, so they chose the ballads with the music.
In the euphoria of the day, Kevern began playing an imaginary piano and to sing big feet in a coarse comic Serenade Ailinns.
Ailinn did not understand that.
"That was a famous song of a jazz pianist called Fats Waller," he told her, and put two fingers to his lips.
His father had always done that to stop the letter J before he came out of his mouth.
It had begun as a game between him and his father, when he was a kid.
His father had played it with his own father, so he was told.
If you're starting a Word with a J, without two fingers on your lips, it will cost you a penny.
It was already not a very fun game, and it was also not very funny.
He knew that this was expected of him, that's all.
It had to explain what was jazz.
Ailinn have never had what belongs.
Jazz was not played even though he was not directly forbidden.
The improvisation was no longer modern.
There was only room for one "If" in life.
People wanted to be quite sure at the beginning of a melody, where it would end.
Just as the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was mind expressed in musical.
Although he had become 10 years old without having heard of Sammy Davis Jr., Kevern knew something about jazz by the semi-secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he had to Ailinn explain that Fats Waller was black.
At their age she could not remember probably at a time, where pop singers were not black.
Again was that no laws or constraints.
A conforming society meant that each element of this society gratefully agreed to the principle of talent of the Group--grateful as spared by fate.
People of afro Caribbean origin were suitable temperament and physique for entertainment and sport, so sang and ran it.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent, and were blessed as by nature with an electronic talent looked after with the task to make sure that no family without working service phone remained.
What was left of the Polish community, cared for the sewage system; What was left of the Greeks, he smashed plates.
Those from the Gulf and the Levant, whose grandparents had not quickly leave the country when what was happening, if it was done geschah-fearing to be accused of fear even, due to fire sakura_linhmc that the flames would - eat it next Labneh - and shisha pipes restaurants had opened, were given and were depressed with the inactivity.
Each according to his abilities.
Because she had heard only ballads, it was difficult Ailinn to understand how ever could be set to music the offensive words which just had sung before Kevern you.
Expression of love was music.
"They are not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people whose Füße are too big.
My father never insulted anyone, but he loved this song.
He was talking too much, but the neglected garden gave him a deceptive feeling of security.
Nothing could overcome the soundproofing of the giant cabbage-leaves.
Ailinn's still didn't understand.
Why would your father something should love?
He wanted to say that it was a joke, but hesitated to place two fingers on the lips in front of her.
She already thought that he was somewhat odd.
"It appeared it funny," he said instead.
She shook her head in disbelief and blocked Keverns perspective.
There was nothing else around the world consider their ungekämmtes Raven black hair.
There was nothing that he would want to see otherwise.
"If you say so," they mean without conviction.
But that still doesn't explain why you sing to it me.
She seemed honestly concerned.
Are my feet too big?
He looked once again.
Your feet not so directly.
Maybe your ankle a little bit...
And you say you hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course I don't hate you.
This is just the stupid song.
He could have said "I love you", but it was still too early.
"Your fat ankles are exactly the reason why I like you," he tried instead.
I'm a little Kinky.
That sounded not right.
It had to be funny.
If he was trying to be funny, he brought up often in trouble, because he did not like his father have the soothing charm, you needed to bear the cruelty inherent in jokes.
Perhaps, his father wanted to be too cruel.
Maybe he, Kevern, wanted to be.
Despite his friendly eyes.
Ailinn Solomons was red and rose from her deck chair, knocked over the console and spilled the wine she had drunk.
Elderberry blossom wine, so, drunkenness was no excuse for it.
In her excitement, she seemed to shiver, like Palm fronds in the storm.
"And your is exactly the reason why I'm perverse feeling attracted to you," she said.
Except, that's not me.
She felt sorry him, both because of the unnecessary unkindness of his words such as fear, which was evident in their eyes, when she rebelled against him.
She thought that he would beat her?
She had not told him from life on the cold northern archipelago, where she had grown up, but he had no doubts that it was essentially like here.
The same huge and ice-cold ocean broke here and there on the shore.
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and verdrießlicher after what was happening as it had been their ancestors as a smuggler and wrecker, moved from pub to pub, getting ready to raise the hand against a woman who is denied them or derided.
Fathead?
You showed a thick fist her, if she wasn't on!
They first Snog - smooching was the most commonly used Word for an erotic attraction between men and women, they only make out an antidote to the meaningless love ballads from the console - and then beat.
Keverns believes this was an unnecessary refinement as the smooch was itself an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomons gave him a sign to go through her body.
He rose from a deck chair as an old man.
She felt also leaden, but the force of his mourning surprised her.
That was not the end of the world.
You hardly knew each other.
She watched him, how he removed - so how from a room on the top floor of their attendant watched him - a man, weighed down by something that he himself had conjured up.
Adam left the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him and men in General, although some had raised their hands against them.
A man turned away from her, his back bent, ashamed, defeated, without fighting spirit - why it was a sight she seemed to know well if she but not could remember at once, when she had seen something before this day?
When she was alone again, Solomon's Ailinn looked at her feet.
Several years before the incidents just told Esme Nussbaum worked, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year old researcher on behalf of Ofnow, the non-legislative monitoring body for the public mood, in a short speech about the continuation of violence on low and medium level in precisely the parts of the country, where their reduction, if not elimination, on the likely will have been expected, considering the funds and energy , which had been invested in the eradication of this violence.
"Much has been done, and much still needs to be done," she wrote "in order to appease the inborn aggressiveness of a people that has fought a thousand wars and won most of them, particularly in the secluded corners and valleys of the country, where the sweet breath of human kindness was felt historically despite the soaring bell towers between the hedges rare.
But some properties prove ineradicable.
The higher the Tower, it seems, the lower the passion that he still wakes.
The population is crying drunk while listening to sentimental ballads, stories about overcome difficulties and claimed to believe in the virtues of marriage and family life yet not only the former rawness captures the rural communities as well as our urban fabric in hand, but there is also evidence for the emergence of a new and devious contentiousness at home , at work, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration," said her mentor, as he had read the entire report.
I suggest that you read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: you are an atheist?
"I think I don't have to tell," Esme Nussbaum replied.
Are you a lesbian?
Again, Esme relied on their right to privacy, and denial of the statement.
Feminist?
Again, silence.
"I do not ask that" said Luther Rabinowitz eventually, "because I would be against lesbianism, atheism and feminism.
This is an unprejudiced workplace.
We serve an unprejudiced society.
But certain types of hypersensitivity, which is itself absolutely acceptable and laudable, can occasionally have presented her results as you distort.
You own prejudice against the Church, and those things that refer to you as "sneaky" and "raw", have obviously could be interpreted by others as well as an expression of a natural force and vitality.
If you continue riding around on the, what happened, when it happened, like it, if it would have happened yesterday happened, means to take his essential life force to the country.
Esme Nussbaum looked around, while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head, LED lettering in Flamingo Pink repeated the advice in the last quarter of a century or longer Ofnow had given the country.
You smile at their neighbors, they appreciate their partner, listening ballads, visit musicals, use your phone, talk, explain, listen to, agree to, excuse himself.
Speaking is better than silence, the Sung Word is better than what is written, but nothing is better than love.
"I absolutely understand what you want," answered with a calm voice, as she was sure that it had spoken to her supervisor to end Esme Nussbaum, "and I say nothing more than that we are still not so effectively cured, how we fool ourselves.
My concern lies in the fact that we find ourselves without warning may be doing as we repeat the mistakes that what happened to the first place, if it is happening led.
This time but it is not the other, where we leave out our anger and our mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with the hands.
To indicate that the patience of a Saint.
"You go too far," he said, "If you call actions as a"Mistake", which may or may not have committed our grandparents.
You go too far when you say that they had set out their "anger" and their "mistrust" to "other".
It should actually not be necessary, someone in your position to remind that we speak in understanding the past as in the present protection of "us" and "other".
There was no "we" and there were no "other".
It was a time of disorder, that is all we know.
"Which, if we are honest with ourselves," Esme dared to interject, "no part of society can claim to have behaved well.
I accuse anyone.
Whether it was done badly or well, what's done is done.
It was at that time.
Nothing more need be said - because we are in agreement.
And just like no blame to be assigned to must, so also no debt must be blotted out, if a such repayment would be appropriate, and if there was a way to wipe them off.
But to what serves the past, if we do not learn
The past serves, we forget about them.
If I can say something
Luther Rabinowitz made his pyramid coincide.
"I'll consider their report," he said and dismissed them.
The next day, when she went to work as usual, she was run over by a motorcycle rider, passers-by described, was driven in a kind of "brutal rage" on the footpath.
There are coincidences.
Lesotho military Member said that no coup planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Officials of the Lesotho military denied having planned a coup to overthrow of the Government and said that they did against police, which is accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country and announced that the army of the country had surrounded his official residence and occupied Government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The Prime Minister took his family in the adjacent South Africa after he had reported assassination threats.
Military spokesman major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was no coup de facto, that but the military react to the threat of 'political fanatic', their arming the police was imminent.
"What happened this morning was that the staff of the defense forces of Lesotho acted after he received several intelligence reports that within the police force, some elements act actually wanted to arm some of the political, partisan young fanatics who were about to wreak havoc," he told voice of America.
South African Government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military action made the impression of a revolution.
"Even if nobody has claimed to have torn the Government by violence itself all reports agree that the activities of the defense forces of Lesotho so far show signs of a coup d'etat," he said.
Spokesman of the military of Lesotho communicated on Sunday that the soldiers are withdrawing to their barracks and the situation in the capital was quiet.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoya Metsing assumes governance during Thabanes absence.
Thabane said that he believed he had become because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country, to the target.
In Lesotho, there was great tension since June after Thabane has suspended parliamentary sessions due to the conflicts in his unity Government.
He said his actions had the Government not undermined, otherwise accusations to the contrary.
Production in the euro zone to a 13-month low
The increase in the production in the euro zone slowed in August to the lowest point in the last 13 months, according to a closely watched study with.
The final Markit purchasing managers index of manufacturing (PMI) fell in August to 50.7, according to a State of 51.8 in July.
An indication of 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders declined and factories experienced burglaries at a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia via the Ukraine.
The numbers arrive before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets expect a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery in the euro zone, as well as for the impending deflation with an inflation rate of only 0.3% from the Bank.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, in the course of this week further information could make, if he pulls a quantitative easing for the euro area into account, according to those who have been made by the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth, the braking effects of the increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for manufacturers were clear," said Rob Dobson, Senior Economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, the biggest trading partner of Russia in the EU fell to the lowest level in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime, the PMI on 46.9 fell in the second largest economy of the bloc, France.
France remains a concern, such as the descent of Italy by a solid expansion to stagnation.
Evidence that incentives for growth in the key industrial mechanism in Germany as well as in Spain and the Netherlands no longer have access, are also not reassuring, "Mr Dobson said.
The decline in the industry probably fuels the fire of the analysts who expect further monetary or fiscal incentives.
A positive message came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, Chief Economist at IHS global insight, said: "The best thing you can say for the purchasing managers index of manufacturing in the euro zone by August, is that after the sector continues to grow."
He added: "manufacturers in the eurozone find life currently obviously quite difficult because the current heightened geopolitical tensions - especially in Russia and the Ukraine - increase uncertainties in the ongoing difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and the confidence of consumers, and causes probably that some orders are delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that there would be "increasingly likely" that the ECB finally must initiate a kind of QE, "even though we suspect that this will be limited."
The hell Decade of Beslan survivors: Ten years have passed since the terrible siege of school as still suffer the children is entangled.
Ten years ago, over 1,000 people were taken by Chechen militias in a school in Beslan in southern Russia as hostages.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, have been in the three-day ordeal, that shocked the world, killed.
We have returned to Beslan, some finding the victim who escaped death when the atrocity in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific siege of the school in Beslan in which 334 people died, including 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night of a new Apocalypse in the Ukraine.
When fanatical Islamist terrorists children and parents took captive the beginning of a new school year, September 1, 2004, and killed, seemed like the most evil of evil.
The tragedy brought together East and West in disgust, and then surprisingly turned into action and hope for the future in the middle of the worst misery.
Ten years later we returned to Beslan, some finding the victim who escaped death when the atrocity in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, although the memory of this terrorist hell forever will follow.
Their best hope?
That the war, which now haunts the Ukraine - and where children die as they - now comes to an end.
The girl who was photographed attempting in the shattered brick school gym back to climb
She was photographed by the Russian Star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous when she tried only in their underwear, in the shattered brick school gym back to climb after a mine exploded.
Totally confused AIDA was looking for her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both were held for dead, but she survived.
"A woman told me I should run for my life, but I could not," Aida said.
My legs were covered in blood.
I got up and climbed into it again to find my mother.
A soldier took her to safety.
Thought she was healed up completely after a series of operations, but yesterday said: "three months ago, the pain returned.
I'm afraid that I must be operated on again.
Some shrapnel are still in my knee.
Its aim is now, was to be helped to help people, such as her doctors dentist.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it has not destroyed me," she says combative.
"This happened to me, and you can't change that.
I'm always in the gym, that to remind me, that there were once in a year.
My friends and I try to talk to other days not.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were kids and dreamed to go to the school together.
"I don't want to marry, until I finish my studies and start my career.
I am thinking of a family later.
She says that the siege will remain always a part of it, although the memory every year is something weak.
I'm glad that many people in the world still remember to our horror and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in the UK and around the world.
When I see the photo of me online, I think how I return climb in the school, that many people see it for the first time, understand our catastrophe and to contribute that to not happen again.
The boy, who fled through the hail of bullets, hoping that his mother was dead
It was his first day of school (Russians go to school at the age of 7) and survived the three-day siege in the arms of his mother Tamara.
As a seven, he said: "Mama told me I should lie down when there was an explosion, and hold her hand."
After an explosion, he thought she would die.
She said to him: "Run."
Full of fear, she could be dead, he fled and saw a crying baby on the way, grabbed it by the hand and fled through a hail of bullets.
His father Vladimir, who closed his son out into the arms, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I could not save her."
In reality was out there tripped Tamara after and with leg injuries in the hospital, for its part in the assumption that her son had been killed.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried for joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (from the now defunct newspaper news of the world), to the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie the title of a Barnardo children it champion to receive.
"This horror tracks you everyday, but I wish I could stop with the recall," he said yesterday.
But I can say that it will pale in my memory.
I still know that I threw away all my toy guns immediately afterwards.
But now I can play computer games with shooting scenes and that is not a problem for me.
"I'm not scared, to go back to the gym, but I'm not thinking about myself.
I remember these children, with whom I played in the yard, and that it not out there have done.
We never say that they have been killed or are dead.
We say that they have been in the Sports Hall.
I remember very well my trip to London, especially at the toy store, where I could choose about what I wanted, and the ride in an open-top car.
But now he's afraid to spot such as the Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of accident that he and his friends suffered.
This horror haunts you every day, but I wish I could stop to remember.
"I'm so sorry to all those who suffer the abominations," said Damir, who worked as a volunteer at a monastery last week.
I'm so happy to help.
I want to go to the police one day and hope they will take me next year at the Training Academy.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children from our neighborhood were killed, can you imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there were simply no children who could call in and running around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She remembers vividly her trip to London with Damir.
The people in London were crying when I told our story.
At that time, I understood how people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, and show their support.
She was grateful for the price and the ability to travel to London in the autumn of 2004 Cherie Blair and her Foundation.
I wish I could call Cherie and you yourself say that 10 years have passed, but I still at the meeting her and her husband in London remember me, and how the Damir and me has helped.
I still remember how Damir wanted to like to eat Borscht and they called all local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot with his water gun at them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was just one month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British so willingly shared our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world has not improved in these 10 years.
In the Ukraine, the war goes on now, and every day people die, and I think that many children have been and still are killed.
These are just such children like ours.
I think that for many the war is a part of the news they hear when they are bored or busy with something else.
I know what these people feel the whole horror.
And I can not stop to feel that.
Nothing has changed, the people want to kill each other always and that is so sad.
Damir was great and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not at all aggressive or angry.
For example he does not search for revenge, he is not overwhelmed by the past horrors.
I know that he remembers not like it, but he has six close friends from the class and they occasionally go to the gym and light candles there.
When he was small, he suffered - I remember, how he sometimes lay on the sofa, the face turned away from us, for hours.
Not asleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw away all his weapons and other military toys. Damir is greater than I, handsome, intelligent and healthy now 17.
I can hardly believe that I for a few hours so was sure that he was dead and I would see him again.
I myself recovering after the explosion and came on the legs, I looked around and saw the hell around me, with all surrounding parts of the body.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy in this hell could possibly have survived.
"I remember, I cried to him,"Damir, run, run", but I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he has heard it, and he ran away.
And so life goes differently than that of many others, for us.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible screen became a symbol of the horrors of Beslan after the siege
Consolation: The Beslan survivors Georgij Lyin with his mother, Fatima after the siege of 2004, on the right a picture of George today
His blutüberströmtes face was marked by fear, as he ran for his life, while Chechen terrorists shot down his classmates.
His picture was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, a doctor, had him for his first day of school dropped off, before she go hurried to bring their elder son Vladimir to the University.
"I left the Court about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it and my little boy stayed there terrible days alone, for three," she recalls.
Not all alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they were all killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
This date approaches, the harder it is, to think and talk about.
There is no single date at which we do not remember this tragedy.
We don't think that it is a long time ago, I mean, it happened yesterday, some scenes from those days chasing me all the time.
No one will ever forget that, I promise you.
Urgently: The image of George (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and has been as immortalized statue (right).
I remember that George wanted to like go to school that day. He said he wanted to hug his teacher.
I only knew that he was alive, when I saw him on television.
And now there's even this statue of George weeping in San Marino.
George doesn't like to see the picture, and it is hidden in the Bookshelf with us at home.
I understand that, but I also think that people all over the world thanks to this picture feel our pain.
George says today: "it is important that as something never can happen again.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
People investigate such tragedies again and again and never learn the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of the Boeing in the Ukraine.
Will we ever know what has caused it?
This world is something terrible.
"I can understand how this is possible, because if you ask people, nobody wants a war, so what happens?
Ten years is nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years to it's a small little forgetting.
It has attacked my health and I still feel it.
About three or four years I had a few nightmares due to the siege, but then it was better.
I returned to school later in the year 2004 and was scared every day.
I thought of my friends and classmates who were slain.
Therefore, I'm always in the gym, when closer to the 1 September.
I should say my old childhood friends tribute.
It's hard for me to go to the gym, but I have to do it.
I don't feel victimized, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I don't feel sorry for me.
My life goes on.
I've completed this year of the school and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I'll be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was a training in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health did not permit that.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that's not going to happen.
Georgij Fanijew, 20
The boy, who survived, though he was caught at the foot of a murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgij Fanijew was trapped during the siege at the feet of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the gym and sat next to the bomb, which was attached to the foot of a murderous terrorists.
It truly is a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel it, as if it were yesterday," says George, who as intelligence officer to the FSB wanted to go, but could not do this because of his health problems due to the siege.
It is still with me, there is nothing that I have left behind me.
I am older now and people say that children can easily deal with bad experiences - I have to say that's not true.
"in 2006 I worked with psychologists and felt then actually slightly better, but I can't it not forget."
And I'd like to forget.
2005 - in the year after that - was the first and only time, I went back to the gym.
I lost consciousness.
I will never again go back and not ask me please to show you where I have been sitting in this famous image.
Survivor: Georgij Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I think don't like it or talk about it, and they never asked me after school.
Physically I'm fine.
I should be careful about my injured knee, but I can run right now.
But due to my health I could not study at the secret service Academy of the FSB in St. Petersburg, how I wanted to.
I've submitted my documents, the medical and she responded that it was not possible.
The animals were my second passion, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I have already two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals "from cats up to cows".
He said: "I knew that I would never tell my children from my experiences.
Children should know anything about that, and they should not suffer of course also it.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: "this sorrow leave me never.
It is worse in my soul, if closer to the anniversary.
I will go to the celebrations commemorating.
I know that George will not go down.
It must be heavy still much for him, because he was there and I didn't.
I was at home waiting on him and couldn't help.
I am so grateful that he returned me God. Here in Beslan, all of them are drawn.
It remains in us.
George is now an adult, but this horror is still in it.
It is hard to accept that something so unfair happens to one.
He is a boy, he likes sports, but he can not take part due to his knee.
He was operated on several times, he can run, but not sports.
I would say that he has overcome the horror to 50%, but you can never completely overcome and forgotten.
This horrible experience will always haunt us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the siege, and that reinforced only my pain.
I've lost many people that I know well and who were dear to me.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift God could make me, but my heart cries for the dead.
I know born of families, in which new children, but also of widows who have never remarried.
It is difficult to accept that life goes on, even if they don't want that.
I will never forget how my heart in me jumped when I saw him in the hospital.
And now I see, what's going on in the world - wars in other regions.
What fight these people?
Why they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country and I almost can't believe it.
We were a friendly country, how can it be that we are fighting now?
People and children are suffering, I am sure that in the Ukraine, many children have been killed and many are killed.
If we all could - access these rebels and throw out as far away as possible.
Alyona Tskajewa, 10
The baby, so poignantly played by a special mission units in security
Saved: Alyona Tskajewa is brought by a Russian special forces in security (left).
It is now ten (right) and even doesn't remember the atrocities
The World 2004 held the breath, as the baby eat in the arms of a Russian policeman from the siege of Beslan was carried.
The terrorists let them go, but held back in their cruelty her 30 year-old mother, 10-year sister Kristina and her brother Makhar in the school gym.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father Ruslan has since remarried and has a little girl with his new wife Swetlana, that he has called for his lost daughter, Kristina.
Davie, now ten years old, does not remember the siege is to an intelligent and lucky girls grew up, neighbors say.
"You are now one big happy family and Alyona and Makhar are both great kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to spare them all the memories that pull up with the tenth anniversary.
You'll understand why.
Man accused of running over girl on pedestrian crossing in Fife
Due to driving over a three-year girl, a 78 man faces Court on a pedestrian crossing in Fife.
Gordon is accused of steward, approached a girl on the transition Pittenween in East neuk.
The indictment indicates Mr steward had his Audi Q3 controlled without the necessary care and attention and hurt the girl.
Stewart, 78, of Anstruther, denied Sheriff Court the accusation before the Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC had the procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you would like to make photos or videos under water, there is a selection of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action cam like the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both for about $300 to have.
I this photos at a family feast with multiple cameras recorded, all that at a price of under $350 are available.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Inspect your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery compartment and other subjects are tightly closed.
Set your camera on the photos or videos that you want to record.
Some cameras and camcorders feature scenes and shooting modes, which optimizes the exposure for the gloomy underwater conditions.
And before you jump in, make sure your equipment is functional in what depth.
Some cameras are approved only for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60 feet.
Search in our buyer's Guide and the reviews for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Take multiple pictures - because many will not work.
Point and shoot cameras do not have action cams a LCD, with which you can compose images, usually.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see this under water, and the right image is a matter of luck.
So you make a lot of shots.
If your camera has a series mode, with the made a series of recordings with slightly different exposure settings, you use it.
Remain close to the surface.
The light is dramatically worse, the further you move away from the surface.
If possible stay so close to the surface, if you shoot in a pool, a lake or the sea.
As a result, you can bring more color in your photos. the deeper you go, you will see the less color.
Close approach to the objects.
This is good advice even on land, but he is all the more important because of the poor light conditions under water.
It is particularly important, if you are working with an action cam: these devices often have a fixed wide-angle lens, which means that you need closer to your objects used when they should fill out the entire picture frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the kind whose Charakter changed things, even in a so gigantic organization like the NHS.
As consultant physician of the anesthesia he dedicated his career, to save both the agony of the disease and also the torment of treating the sick.
Among his patients, his wife, recalls was a MI6 employee who had to live with the ravages of torture.
Lawson knew that the diagnoses and diseases are important doctors, while the treated are mostly busy with something quite other: pain.
One day in the year 2007 he was the one, whose ordeal began however.
"I've not felt," he wrote in May of this year.
I had difficulties to pick me up.
While he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he noticed that he eagerly reproached his wife Juliet.
"I want it all better now than later", he noted.
Was as Juliet for a week on a business trip, felt quite unusually Lawson and worried for no reason.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to make an X-ray of his chest.
Just two weeks ago, he had been in the French Alps for skiing.
The result of the X-ray existed.
He suffered from Mesothelioma, an incurable cancer, which attacks the pleura, so the skin pulled over the lungs.
As with most cancers, the exact trigger is usually hard to determine.
While, for example, some smokers will develop lung cancer, not all Lungenkrebserkrankten of former smokers have been.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the trigger is an asbestos - contact with the fiber materials, which once was considered as "Miracle material" but now was considered fatal.
Mesothelioma is a disease that can ignore how easy for most of us.
Asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos no longer used in the UK since the 1960s, when the industry committed voluntarily to stop using it.
Even in places where it was still used, only people in certain industries directly with the fabric - plumbers, builders, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example worked.
As an industrial hazardous material from another time, he seems to be today hardly any cause for concern.
But that complacency is misplaced.
United Kingdom, it seems, experienced today the culmination of an Mesoltheliom epidemic.
There are more deaths from Mesothelioma here than in any other country of the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die of the disease than in traffic accidents.
Annual numbers of Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and estimated future deaths in the UK
The reason why we now experience the deadly impact, although asbestos is illegal (1999, all types of asbestos have been banned) for years, is that a Mesothelioma develops only after decades.
And the scourge of the mesothelioma is limited not on former workers of the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and often still is in the houses present in which we live, offices, where we work, the schools where we learn and shops, where we buy a.
And therefore, mesothelioma knows no class barriers, financial limits, professions, or age.
The privileged bastions, the elegant department stores in London up to private schools, are not a shelter.
The Parliament buildings are asbestos-contaminated.
Also in hospitals, where we are still healthy, have been made as a source herd of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was also a plumber.
It was difficult in fact him, to imagine where he could have come with asbestos in contact.
Then he found it.
"It looks as if in the tunnels to the guy it a lot of asbestos of hospital, where I completed my education for six years, was present." he wrote.
All students, nurses, doctors and Porter - use the tunnel.
One wonders how many will suffer my peers the same illness?
Unfortunately at least partially, he could answer this question.
"Of the four doctors, hospital have been trained on the guy, and who became ill in the last five years on mesothelioma", 2010, he wrote in a letter, "am I the last one which is still alive."
How many of us are still developing?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma in the age of 48.
When he died on February 17 this year, he was 55.
It was an unusually long survival time.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months after the diagnosis.
The disease ends always fatal.
We can repeat only Lawson's question: "how many of us will still get sick?"
The leading expert of Britain to mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870 and by 2050, if the asbestos epidemic in Britain is expected to come to a standstill, total 90,000 are have fallen victim of the disease.
Most of them have have no idea that they are going to die so at the moment.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick look at the files of the dishes to those affected often have recourse due to claims for compensation, shows how far the scourge of mesothelioma is already widespread.
In June of this year marks & Spencer admitted, for example, have exposed Janice of all negligent erweise asbestos.
She worked for nine years for the chain, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible of the clothing Department at two locations - one of them the flagship store in Oxford Street.
Mrs. Their activity with M was only 18 years, as it & S began.
Now, she has two children in their twenties.
"Before this thing," she says, "I never heard of mesothelioma, I still don't even really knew anything about asbestos.
I never thought that that would even affect me.
There are only few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the term asbestos refers not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name stems from the word "Asbestiform", a description of the fibre structure, which makes the material strong and flexible.
Three of the six were used in the construction industry.
Chrysotile, also known as the white asbestos is the by far most often today found asbestos in buildings.
It was used for roof panels, floor panels, pipe insulation, boiler insulation, even for brake pads in cars.
It is less deadly than other forms of asbestos, is considered "great risk" with possible resulting in death but nevertheless by the EU and the WHO.
However, the brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite) is dangerous.
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suggest that "significant, but indirect evidence there, that this was a main reason for the unique high Mesotheliomraten."
A Marks & Spencer employee was exposed to Alamy in the flagship store in Oxford Street, London, asbestos
Janice has not considered himself perhaps all typical Mesotheliomopfer, but Julian Peto's work suggests that her story is not unusual.
He has presented a study of those affected, which shows, that "a significant proportion of mesothelioma without known exposure probably was caused by work or in the home by asbestos contact in the environment."
His statement after a majority of these contacts is based on "normal use of aging" our building.
It looks like no one could assume, to be sure.
A report by Goddard consulting, which studied the Palace of Westminster, shows how people in the heart of the Government, unknowingly the fabric exposed have been could.
2009 Goddard reported that the service ducts and pipes behind the Committee rooms of the Parliament with asbestos were contaminated, whose deadly Fasern could be stirred up by something as harmless as "strong air movements".
Members of Parliament are accused of often to worry about their own interests, but here it looks like the opposite would apply to.
While the Directorate of parliamentary work it was, that the Westminsterpalast had received a "clean health certificate", it is now undisputed that 1 billion £ effort over several years to be applied to renovate the Parliament, to modernize the electrical installations and to remove the asbestos and that after the general elections by 2015 members likely meet in the nearby QE2 Conference Centre are considered on the Green benches in Westminster.
The Goddard report also pointed out, that "the presence was handled by asbestos not according to the respective regulations."
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
All you can do now is wait.
A person who could never pinpoint the contact with asbestos is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson, the 50-year Abbott suspected that he was exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I was in a hospital worked, in the asbestos lawsuits were decided positively", he says, "but I can't prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember where you worked, and on the data for all places.
What he clearly remembers is the day in early December 2009, where he got some kind of fever.
He was 45, and conducted an operation just late in the evening.
Suddenly, I had chills.
It came all of a sudden.
I felt horrible.
I felt no longer to make the journey home.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain resulting from the pleura, the skin around his lungs around.
But as Janice all he had no reason to suspect a Mesothelioma.
He went a month not to work.
Astonished doctors took x-rays of his chest and set Pleurakathether to remove fluid from the lungs and to test in the laboratory.
His complaints, however, remained undiagnosed.
His health improved slowly, and he returned to his job.
From time to time but the symptoms returned, often after exercise and heavy breathing.
in 2011, came an Abbott's patient with similar symptoms in his practice and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But now Abbott not combined this with his own case.
Finally, his patient was several decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition deteriorated again and his family doctor brought his CT scans and x-rays to a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott had felt sick for the first time, introduced a probe equipped with a camera into the cavity between the ribs and the pleura.
I'm an optimist.
I'm moving on mostly easy,"he says.
Frankly, I was worried not so many.
But Rachel, my wife was worried.
Was the result of the biopsy in the week between Christmas and new year's day: "You told me that it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Diagnosis mesothelioma
Suddenly, Abbott had dates with Macmillan nurses, of which one advised him to hire a lawyer.
Only now, he realized the magnitude of the epidemic.
"It turns out that asbestos was very widespread, particularly in large public buildings where pipes were often insulated with asbestos," he says.
The people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings, developing now.
And so, mesothelioma is now younger people who have not worked in the typical professions.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos insulation in hospitals were underground, so patients were exposed to probably rather not the fabric.
But many employees who changed (such as Andrew Lawson) in pedestrian tunnels from one building to another or (as it often did Graham Abbott), ate in underground canteens were most likely in contact with the toxic substances.
It is evident, that for several decades after the war, hospitals for the patients were potentially life-saving, but life-threatening for the doctors.
It is still removed.
Students turned off her Bunsen burner on asbestos mat.
And it concerns not only hospitals.
Due to its fabulous insulating and fire-retardant properties, asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and city halls.
Also schools.
Actually, many people have probably had the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Everywhere in the country, thousands of hours of chemistry, students have parked in her Bunsen burner on asbestos mat.
The issue of asbestos in schools is now often spoken on Web pages.
And meanwhile, as innocent items in our homes as flooring panels or shed roofs have by default contain asbestos.
"It's an industrial poison, that is included in large parts of our real estate," Andrew Morgan, the lawyer, noticed the Andrew Lawson it hospital took in his lawsuit against guy.
In one case, the only contact that occurred to a concerned woman was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So beware how you tear off your garden shed.
The impact of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to process," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to move, but I realized that I could concentrate on that, which I did.
I was two weeks in practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and take care of me to myself.
Well, I will experience no more Christmas.
The change of perspective from the position of a physician to a patient was with the greatest difficulty.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how overwhelmed he was by all the information, which he had to cope with.
"It was very hard to take it all," he says.
"I asked my doctor,"how long do I have?""
And they gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "well, I will experience no more Christmas.
It was then."
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious because it is our life preservation mechanism - even - breathing, that caused the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma caused by asbestos contact.
Asbestos is made up of the smallest fibers.
If the asbestos is stirred up, and the fibers are inhaled, they can become lodged in the pleura, lungs, skin.
Asbestos fibers irritate the pleura and may cause cell mutations.
"The problem arises with needlelike asbestos fibres inhaled," so Professor Tom Treasure, a heart chest physician, who in 2001, hospital transferred it to the guy.
Just the hospital, by the Andrew Lawson believed that it has exposed him to asbestos, is now ironically, a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and dealt with some others that also probably were exposed to asbestos during their training at the hospital.
As soon as the asbestos needles can reach the lung tissue, says treasure, "pressed by the breathing process at the edge, where the skin is.
By nature, it is invasive from the outset.
The usual options in other cancers not work as well in mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of an operation is as hotly contested.
Some say that it was worth a try.
Treasure denied that.
"You can not cut out the pleura," he says.
You get around with a knife, not a question.
Meanwhile the cancer "on chemotherapy not reacts to very easily," which "has effect", but does not heal.
"Sometimes there are long term survivors," says treasure.
But they all die at the end.
Fortunately, some patients live in fact long, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis still struggling Graham Abbott.
After he had contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came four years in contact with Andrew Lawson, after his diagnosis a man support- and became a consulting Office for fellow sufferers.
"Hello, Cancer Center," he imagined himself cheerfully calls.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis of 4 years earlier and was still very active.
Originally Abbott had been offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would last four months and extend his life expected to be only about a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson made it however "to appear the things in a somewhat positive light."
Following the advice of several doctors, Abbott, his treatment with Prof. Loic long Lazdunski, decided it to continue cardiac-thoracic specialist on the guy.
"We had an advantage by the fact that I not be had referred, I just called and got an appointment," admits Graham.
A normal patient would need to receive a wire transfer and must wait for the approval of treatment.
Money is critical for people with mesothelioma, to be eligible for the best available therapies.
But if these treatments fail eventually, inevitably, many of those affected by an other financial concerns - about the future of the families who left them.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan from Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It's been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous for the health," says Morgan.
But what is changing in the 1960s, that it was recognized that even a very low burden posed a health risk.
And the negligence of the company to play a role started here.
Andrew Lawson and Guy it hospital put aside their case after all, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full compensation", as Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma an asbestos contact to the guy it was.
After the examination to his death a spokesman of the guy confirmed it but that "the asbestos fibers in the affected area of the cellar in the 1990s have been removed."
That was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
It is actually for mesothelioma ill, seeking compensation, a huge problem, the deadly asbestos contact to assign a company or a job - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employer have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents may be lost.
And those who defend themselves against claims, know that the time for her, but isn't quite sure with the plaintiffs.
In response there were significant new legislation that makes it easier for mesothelioma sufferers this year to seek compensation, even if their former employer to find no longer are.
The law has a Fund of 350 million funded by the insurance industry £ for all established after July 2012 were diagnosed, can prove a contact, who can sue anyone.
In these cases, the plaintiff will receive 80 percent of what a court in a normal compensation process them would be able to speak to about 120,000 pounds.
About 300 successful applications to the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks like so many mesothelioma sufferers, that 350 million £ represented a "very good job" of the insurance industry.
"This is a deal of insurers for insurers," says he, and indicates if this amount to one-fourth of that what insurers would have to pay, if the time it would have gone away and was diagnosed with mesothelioma find the companies and normally could sue them.
Also Mike Penning, of work and pension Minister, admitted that the law was "not perfect".
But both admitted penning such as Morgan, that given by seven deaths a day a quick action was necessary.
"The people suffer so much and now need help," Paez said in December of last year during the second hearing of the mesothelioma law.
At this point, Graham Abbott was 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic long Lazdunski.
After their initial discussions, long Lazdunski recommended an operation, which he expected a positive effect in contrast to Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy with the long Lazdunski can present a survival rate over five years by up to 40 percent.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"This is of course with the most important," Abbott says.
You see that time and again in patients.
It's something that can make you more.
If you give up, you're very rapidly worse.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery March 2012.
End of August he had the last the six cycles of chemotherapy behind.
Nachsorgescans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were more cancer spots around my chest.
I was just 50.
That is not life-threatening.
This is life-ending.
Again Abbott underwent six chemotherapy cycles.
No sign of tumors is now more visible.
But the process is physically and mentally exhausting.
You must be thinking to practical things - about the money, if I am not, for example, or my wife show how the water heater setting.
If you receive bad news, you will be negative.
You have to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, is not always easy.
"For parents, this is hard," he says.
It's hard to know what to say and how much.
When I got my first diagnosis, I told my girls that I had a disease, I would be not old.
They responded quite differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and impetuous.
She told her friends and we were soon very many calls.
Ellie was restrained.
She said not much.
Such conversations are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such talks not of hope are not crossed, by a trace of hope of survival.
The disease brings (so as ultimately to Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Wrapped body of embalmed Pharaohs in asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibres, which were used for the amplification of pots and pans and a greater heat resistance.
Pliny the elder describes asbestos.
It was developed a fabric that is non-flammable.
I've seen it burn napkins at banquets in the fireplaces.
The use of the modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (also notes) and fabric.
Important asbestos mines are opened in Canada and South Africa and shortly thereafter in America, Italy, and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 30,000 tons annually.
Statistician from prudential to identify a premature death rate among those who work with asbestos. They will then no life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw died in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says that asbestos particles "are the main cause of death in the lungs without any reasonable doubt".
This is the first case of its kind.
After her employer, Turner Bros Asbestos, assume no liability.
No compensation will be paid.
During the second world war, ships are built extensively, one of the most deadly tasks with asbestos contact.
Voluntary renunciation of the industry on the import of blue asbestos
An Appeals Court confirmed the first successful person claim for damages in the UK due to contact with asbestos.
The global asbestos production rises annually to more than 4.213.000 tons.
United Kingdom imported 139,000 metric tons.
A health and Safety Executive in the UK is obliged all companies that work with asbestos, the license acquisition.
The import and the use of blue and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in the UK.
Any use of asbestos is banned in the United Kingdom.
The Mesothelioma law is passed in the United Kingdom.
A compensation program of 350 million £ is announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, white asbestos is however still used in many countries around the world as a cheap building material.
Global production is 2 million tonnes per year.
China denies Hong Kong right to choice of Government, demonstrators sworn vengeance
On Sunday the Chinese Parliament despite of the increased calls decided after democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the elections 2017 by the electorate of Hong Kong.
This approach probably fired the long announced protests in Hong Kong's business district, while activists to led the planning and mobilization within a few hours after the announcement in the way.
The decision of the Chinese people's Congress generally allows the Communist leaders to reject all candidates not loyal to Beijing.
"This is not unexpected, but it makes us yet angry," legal expert Emily said LAU, Chairman of the Democratic Party.
That's not what Beijing had promised.
You lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we have to do it with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of the Chinese decision said Li Fei, Vice Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the national of people's Congress, that the approval of public nominations in the elections for the Hong Kong Government would be to "messy".
Since 1997, when Great Britain control over Hong Kong back the Chinese, Beijing has promised to let the inhabitants from 2017 choose chaired Government.
China's leaders presented the decision on Sunday as a democratic breakthrough, because there is a direct right to vote to citizens of Hong Kong, but the decision also makes it clear, that the Chinese leadership retains the flow through a Nominating Committee controlled closely by Beijing firmly in hand.
To allow only candidates "with love for the country and love Hong Kong" after a new clause.
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest and due protests in Hong Kong were held for many years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong, the movement stands occupy Central with love and peace, whose Organisatoren have threatened to seal off the financial district, if Beijing allows no real universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, hundreds of occupy Central trailers in the rain in front of the Government Headquarters in Hong Kong had gathered within hours of the announcement.
During the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement had reached a new level of civil disobedience and protest waves, they planned in the coming weeks.
You made this apparently to avoid problems with the authorities, but no further details.
In an online message informed the organizers that the movement "the occupation of the Central District only as a last resort drew, an action that should only take place if all chances of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
Sorry to have to say that today all chances of dialogue have been exhausted and the occupation of the Central District will definitely take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have prepared for days to Beijing's announcement, and there were stricter security measures including police and barricades on Sunday in front of the Government building.
The riots are reinforced by the feeling of many in Hong Kong, that they slowly lose control over their city.
The influx of people from the Mainland increased the competition for products and services.
Also, the fear that the values begin to erode Hong Kong as democracy and freedom of speech under growing pressure from Beijing is growing.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the occupy Central movement, because it threatens the business - the lifeline of Hong Kong -.
"The protests, of which they speak, could cause major economic damage, depending on how many are involved in and how long they last," said legal expert Regine Ip, who criticized the movement for a long time.
We want to incite any fears that Hong Kong gets out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
China's State-controlled media also recently reported the democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum to the discretions which 780,000 people attended - more than one-fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands in one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region took part.
The tradition of the school prom in the United States is now transferred to the universities, where freshmen are offered performances by the private company.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand and the UK's first luxury travel service for students today to offer.
To achieve a very impressive appearance at the University, the company offers also transport options such as private jets, Rolls Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Also, Mr. Stewart stated that the service has a Security Division.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who would otherwise drive, huh their belongings in a dangerously overloaded car through the country.
Together with our new VIF options we forward, to ensure that the students achieve the University with a minimum of fuss and a maximum of luxury this year.
A company spokesman said, yet no new bookings to exist since the service was introduced recently, but added that "students would book the service in the next few weeks".
The company also announced that despite the tuition fees of £9,000 per year expect a market for this offer.
Students today differ in their expectations and demands from the students from 10, 20, 30 or 40 years - is more important than ever, to make a great first impression, and with VIF can exactly.
The National Student Union criticized the service however as out of touch.
Megan Dunn, Vice President of the NUS for higher education said: "this offer seems entirely separate from the lives of the majority of the students.
Many students who start studying this month, face a crisis of cost of living, because the available financial assistance in the form of loans and grants with the soaring bills keep for the simplest basics of life before she can even think to spend thousands of pounds for something so simple as the arrival in the dorm.
Feminists criticize race question and police behaviour after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was earlier this month by a police officer in Ferguson mo. killed.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang "Hands high, don't shoot", while they waited for the funeral.
After two-week protests in Ferguson, MO, due to the shooting of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown the Bloggerin Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
According to their experience, white feminist commentators put the sex before the race when it comes to speak right of reproduction, and income inequality.
While tensions in the Midwest but rose, and received attention across the country, Perez saw that the responses of white women turned to 100% to the breed.
The personal essays with titles like "Thoughts on Ferguson by a white woman" and "Feminism is not just about the oppression of women" came relatively late compared with the responses of black women shortly after the shooting down of 9 August.
But for Perez, that meant an important change.
"I don't think that one finds many people in feminism, be about the white and privileges so high-class way to speak," she said.
The people felt constrained to express something to the incidents to.
It is characteristic of the crisis in which we find ourselves and because the situation in Ferguson is so ethnicized, that they need to express.
For English Professor Koritha Mitchell of the Ohio State University, Ferguson brought problems to light, black Americans are exposed to every day, but not considered "Women's issues" in the cultural sphere.
"I can post something funny on Facebook about me and my partner and get 150 likes from anywhere," Mitchell said.
If I post something about how Blacks are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How it can be safe for women to not speak, but security in public spaces in public about a relationship?" she asked.
For black women like Mitchell, who have studied racial, gender, and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between racial and gender issues.
For them, black women have had the luxury, clean to separate the topics; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women now connect the topics of race and gender in the feminist Mainstreamkreisen, Angela Hattery, Professor of women and gender studies at George Mason University, says that its predecessors did the opposite.
"At least 10,000 black men were lynched between 1865 and 1890 and the reasoning was almost always the rape of a white woman," said hattery.
White women had to be involved in the story to justify the lynching.
For Hattery came the division between white and black women to the point where white fighters for women's suffrage as Susan B. Anthony analyzed the country in the late years of the 19th century and noted that the fight for the right to vote only for a group of each could be successful: women or blacks.
"Made a decision to put women's suffrage, and the right to vote for black should come later," said hattery.
If you remember such things, one realises one with power, why women of color do not trust white women.
We have done our job not well.
We have helped never black women, to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women received the right to vote in 1920, it took even a decade for organized themselves to white women against the lynching in the Association of southern woman for the prevention of lynching.
The Group was created almost 40 years after the original request for help from black women, says Mitchell.
Mitchell is the flood of white feminist responses to by Ferguson that black women apart contact questions raised - police behavior, racial discrimination - a mirror of the time in which white feminists played "Catch" with problems, for generations.
"It not great if the right to education of a child, the activists, the platforms feminist about such traditional have to take seriously what they do with the right to birth control?" asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second generation, who built their careers on the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptive means, try to understand what that means.
The well-known white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and a pointed articles by Rebecca Carroll, columnist of the guardian, in which it demands more protests by white Americans on the topic of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different, but parallel reason to understand a danger inherent in the body - and opinions about the breed, which are distinctly different in public polls--will lead the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem stands for a rather intersectional feminism, addressed in the racial as well as gender issues, are some of their comments on the subject of race in America, but baffled.
Christina summer, researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "who stole feminism?" compared to she the people said that young men in the United States, in particular young coloured men, "are far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinems comments to Ferguson stand in contrast to their earlier criticism.
There are hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys now.
But as the White House recently a small program, my brother keeper, put it on, to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were angry reactions by many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The ratio of police to the black community is not the only problem that is pushing to the fore of the Mainstreamfeminismus.
After the US border police has picked up almost 63,000 unaccompanied minors on the southwestern border of the country this year, the issue of immigration reform has re-emerged on the surface - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co Chairman of we belong together, mobilized an organization, women for immigration reform, said that for a revisiting of the issue as an important women's issue she must publish only the stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
If the vast majority of male immigrants work visas, are the women who support them in a position where they are vulnerable to abuse and exploitation.
"These stories will find a finish in the women's organizations," she said.
"Pork House" in Ipswich is for sale
The image of a House for sale has been removed by real estate agents when it became obvious that it showed a large pig, had made himself comfortable there in the living room.
The detached House has a bedroom, located on a private road in Ipswich and is for £120,000 offered.
To the details was a picture of the living room of the House - to which even a pig belonged, that had surrounded his head on a sofa.
Real estate agents of Connells said the pig in the photo is the pet of owner.
"The photo was published but mistakenly has been removed in the meantime" a spokeswoman for the company said.
In the exposé of the House, Connells described the former meeting House as a "unique House with a bedroom."
Although the broker has removed the image from the website, it appears on promotional material.
The House sale caused interest in social media, as some wondered whether the pig in the price is included.
The SW City Harvey is home to a new millionaire after Lottery win
A lottery player from Harvey's this month
The search after a new millionaire in the South West of Perth continues, with a lucky winner of the Lotto draw on Saturday nearly 1.1 million $ receives.
A newspaper kiosk in Harvey moved for the second time in five years the jackpot in the draw of the first division, 1 million $ in November 2009.
The winner must sign up yet.
The shop owner Steve forward said the profit make for conversation in the small town in the South West of Perth.
The city talks of nothing else, and all are pretty excited.
We thought that such income could occur.
Eight WA winners have celebrated gains in the first division last month, a due conclusion for a few happy weeks for the players in the State.
Last week a player from canning was one of five millionaires Vale in August, after a couple from Belmont only a few weeks before the mega profit of 7.5 million $ had achieved.
The winning couple played for twenty years and said the profits allow them the possibility of a trip around the world and buying a new House.
The millionaire Harvey is the fifty-ninth winner of the first division in the WA this year, with a total of nearly 85 million $.
Leonidas asked in the Gladiator arena
Not only the gladiators were ankle-deep in the mud at the Rheinbach Roman day at the amusement park.
But the attraction of the event was to attract strong enough, yesterday much more than 1000 visitors who braved the rain and cold autumn and completely inspired by the historical spectacle.
There was a colorful bounty of presentations, performances, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
Main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martial fighter force of the Gladiator school "Amor mortis", which used every rain break to demonstrate their robust martial art in the arena prepared with soft sand.
Gladiator owner "Leonidas" turned out to be humorous and knowledgeable presenter and sent his men in a heroic duel in different types of Gladiator ring at a time.
First were the "Provocatoren" on the series with rectangle shield, short sword and Greaves on the left leg and arm rail on the right arm.
It followed the "Essedarii" with breast shield, short sword and throwing Lance as well as iron Gladiator helmet, leg and arm protection.
The appearance of the "Retiarius", which joined with throwing NET, Trident and dagger against the 'Secutor' and after a short battle pushed the guy to the ground was particularly impressive.
Since the swords crashed metallic together, schepperten shields and the throw Spears flew zooming through the arena that could be anxious one to the health of the Gladiators.
But that had the imposing "Summa Rudis", the muscular referee, an always attentive eye.
"We wanted to the Roman everyday life revive and experience the culture of the Roman Empire," said Lorenz Euskirchen, Chairman of the organizer of "Circle of friends, Romans channel", the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation, a "Roman oppidum", a Roman town, was from the theme park for a day as Vice-Mayor Claus Walker package discovered in his greeting.
Finally the Romans brought not only war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings that we still admire.
Remnants of it were to marvel at, about "aqueduct marble" from the 1400 metre and eleven-metre-high Roman Canal Bridge, which once stood at German also in the Roman day.
Frontinus society faced once and now the water and energy supply, and Managing Director Petra Fricke knew: "We benefit today from the knowledge of that time".
This is confirmed also surveying engineer Ralph of Saint of the "IngenieurteamZwei" of Rheinbach, which the Romans as Chorobat, Groma or dioptra presented surveying instruments.
The Roman villa in Blankenheim presented sketches and models of the excavations in 1894 and bricks from the original-Hypokauste, hot-air heating, that once warmed the Roman villa.
Impressive also the footprints, which had been left behind by Wolf and Fox two millennia ago in the kicks out of clay, before you burned them.
2011, the Office for soil conservation at the Landesverband Rheinland the remains of a Roman villa in the Industrial Park had dug North in Rheinbach, Germany.
You found enclosing walls of a building with a kiln for drying grain and malting.
A Villa Rustica, an agricultural estate, probably heard the building, said the archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A number of artefacts from the excavations in a glass display case was introduced, including a large dish, several fine glassware, as well as parts of a delicate necklace.
Villa have exists probably from the first to the fourth century after Christ until the invasion of Germanic tribes in the then Roman Rhineland, suspected Morscheiser.
Her children focused on the today's game also the Roman windmill game, similar to, or once the Roman Foundation students, they wrote their names with metal pen input devices on wax tablets.
At the stand of the Roman baths of Zülpich could children create mosaics himself, at the stand of the glass museum glass mosaics tinker Rheinbach and at the booth of the Eifel nature center, Nettersheim operate a severe wheat flour mill stone to grind the flour for a pita bread or cereal.
The faithfully reconstructed Roman travel cart drawn by two cold-hearted drove visitors through the amusement park and were also on the impressive level of urban high school past, that here presented the results of their "Roman project weeks".
With a Roman week from September 13 to 21, also the municipality of Wachtberg will introduce in the Rheinland far called Romans 2014, which is reminiscent of the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago.
Together with the home and history clubs, as well as the guard Berger Oberbachem hiking club, the partnership Association and the amateur dramatics circuit will include thematic walks, a lecture, cooking evenings and offered guided tours for school classes and are reminiscent of the Roman past of watch Hill.
While for example a Roman Legionary will tell of his work on the draughty Wachtberg plants as living monuments from the Roman times is presented and a funny lesson in terms of understanding between a group of guard Berger presented "Germanic" and Romans drawn to.
Adendorfer elementary school is dedicated to the topic of Roman during a project week.
With the week of the Romans, the numerous, often but not more visible at first sight traces of the Romans in Wachtberg should be made again experience.
In the watch Town Hall is reminiscent of a small presentation the Fund of Berkumer Matrone heiligtums in 1879.
Ebola: The epidemic charged West African economic
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a major blow to the economy.
Markets are deserted - and international enterprises are at a distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic dealt a heavy blow to the economy of West Africa.
The crop rotted in the fields, the mines are abandoned and orphaned the markets - the virus has added to the region difficult.
Some international companies already go on distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but also an economic", says the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is the hardest hit
"It's a total disaster, we lose a lot of money," says Alhaji Bamogo, who sells clothes in the second largest market in Liberia's capital Monrovia.
Comes only on the market who food or want to buy something for disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia is the hardest hit by the virus, here alone, more than 600 people fell the fever.
Recently, the health authorities declared the disease had penetrated every corner of the country.
The virus has spread also in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
In total, more than 1500 people died, and thousands more contracted.
Foreign companies pull out staff
Everywhere in resource-rich countries, companies suspend their operation.
Foreign companies such as the steel group Arcelor Mittal withdraw their employees, several international airlines no longer fly to the affected regions.
Also the local merchants and farmers respond: only a few merchants leave their hometowns, yet to get supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, who are under quarantine, including you for exporting important cocoa and coffee beans in the fields to rot.
Farmers do not dare to leave their home for the harvest.
Food will be scarce
"People are traveling less and less", Paris expert on the economy of West Africa says Philippe de Vreyer.
For example, the man who normally goes on the market and sold his vegetables, remains better at home.
The population is therefore the consequences of the epidemic direct and urgent to feeling: foods are scarce.
On the markets, the supply of staple foods such as rice is dwindling.
At the same time an image - threat of damage to the strongly international company-dependent region with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger was that international companies generally avoid the area for a long time, says Philippe Hugon of the French think tank IRIS.
Crucial is how far and how long will the virus still spread.
Investors could create the impression "that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, and thus also to invest", warns Hugon.
The disease burden also strained national budgets of the States
The disease burden already strained national budgets of the States concerned.
The Moody's rating agency, it feared that whose budgets are severely strained by the high costs for the health system and in addition by the deteriorating economy.
Already, the African Development Bank promised to help the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
The effects are felt even in Nigeria, where so far few Ebola cases have been diagnosed.
Although the oil-rich region in the southern Niger Delta is so far unaffected.
But many people out of fear of contagion elsewhere already at home.
Reservations in hotels go back significantly.
Protect celebrate their 50th anniversary
The Schützenverein "Fir trees" Berngau celebrates its 50th founding Festival from 12 to 14 September.
At full speed the the 50th founding Festival from 12 to 14 September preparations for fir trees at the shooting club.
A great evening of entertainment with the group "Village rocker" is planned on Friday, September 12.
On Saturday, the big Bangers shooting is at 6: 00.
The mood evening with the 'STOA Palatine spitzbuam band"is then in the big marquee.
Brass band provides music
Highlights are the festive divine service and 9:30 in the parish church and the great festival parade on Sunday at 14: 00.
The prize-giving of the Federal and Gau shooting is in the afternoon.
25 fixed ladies will be a beautiful sight with their girls.
Fixed Chapel is the marching band of Berngau.
Mayor Wolfgang Wild and Albert Füracker Secretary of State took over the patronage.
The original designation "shooting club FIR Berngau" dating back to 1907, when was founded the Club for "Social entertainment exercise room outlet and shooting" on March 21.
1937, the NAZI regime had caused the dissolution of the Association.
Until 1964 again 19 young men have found themselves, which have lifted the "new" Schützenverein "Fir trees" Berngau from the baptism on April 30 in the Guest House of Lukas.
Karl März and Adolf Ried led the Association as protecting master through a difficult time, which was primarily to find a club, and to install the firing operation.
Already in the autumn of 1965 began the shooting club in the guest house "Leininger" with two teams in the round competitions.
The shooters, who were now organized into seven teams in all classes up to the 1 Gauliga established themselves in subsequent years.
The Club records tumbled annually and the magic barrier of 380 rings has been reached by Rudi Meier 1980 for the first time.
So how have increased the performance of active shooters, member numbers also showed a positive trend.
After the club-restaurant "Leininger" is no longer sufficient the requirements of a modern Schützenverein, the former Board under the leadership of Johann has Rinn to resolutely, in the basement of the new "Landgasthof hardening ice" to create a future home.
After a performance of 2700 hours, Pastor Strasser for new shooters spaces gave the benediction of the Church on May 8, 1988.
One of the major highlights in the clubs history was connected with the solemn consecration of the new protect flag in July 1991 certainly 44. Gau shooting.
On 23 and 24 April 1994 the Rifle Association has celebrated its 30th founding anniversary.
in 1995, a group of firecrackers has been founded.
Josef Schmalzl became Advisor to firecrackers.
A major challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the Club as a whole was the alignment of the Bavarian Bangers meeting in 2005.
In many hours of volunteer work, the members of the Association have modernised the spaces and the shooting range in the Berngauer Court last year and brought on the latest state of the art.
Eleven teams in competitions of rounds of
Also the sporting performances of the Schützenverein can be seen.
Total currently eleven teams participate in the competitions of rounds of: six air rifle teams and an air pistol team, a sport pistols cc1, a youth - two AH teams.
The first team has risen 2013/14 by the upper Gauliga (highest League in the ANB shooters) in the Bezirksliga 1 degree and Kerstin Kellermann with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi in the round.
The second team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml is of the Gauliga North in the top of the Gauliga ascended.
In addition to the shooting sports events such as Bock stinging, Carnival and Royal ball, Club outing and Christmas have tradition.
There are the shooters also at the festivities in our parish and community.
Tony Stewart is involved in accident on return to the race track
Tony Stewart's return to the race track ended about halfway through his race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart ran for the second time against the wall after his right front tire on lap 172 burst and finished his night.
Stewart drove his damaged car into the garage and left without speaking to journalists.
His team Chief Chad Johnston said his 14-member team was disappointed, focusing now on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we had a better usage and a better result for him," Johnston said.
We go to Richmond and hope that we can make it better there.
Stewart drove earlier at the race on Sunday night after a collision with Kyle Busch in a wall and had to repair the right side of his car.
"I went into today with pretty good hopes for a good result," said Johnston, adding: "It just didn't work out."
Not long after the second accident, Stewart's car in the tug has been loaded and the team was packed and was ready to go.
Stewart dropped three NASCAR Sprint Cup races, was after his car hit another driver at an ash railway race to the North of the State of New York, and killed.
He decided to return this week, to win, to win a seat in the pursuit in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond.
He returned to his job while an investigation led to the tragic incident that to the death of 20-year Kevin Ward Jr., is examined. This came during a race on the track to confront Stewart.
On Friday, the authorities informed that the investigations into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
It made no decision about whether Stewart must reckon with a charge.
The three-time champion was received with great applause when he was introduced before the race.
After a start at position 12, Stewart was soon after penetrated into the first 10 and was temporarily place four.
After a restart round 122, Busch's into
Car with the No. 18 out of control after the exit of turn 2 and collided with Stewart, which drove both cars hit the wall.
Stewart continued, but dropped back to 21st place.
Joyful dance talent wanted
Simply try out: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and Director Lisa Neitzel (from left) look forward to colleagues.
Like many other clubs makes all tags instruction at the secondary schools and jazz groups in the TV Jahn create.
After the summer holidays, some groups have strongly decimated.
Young is increasingly sought for a sport that is healthy and is great fun.
In both jazz and modern-dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, formerly a dancer in the jazz and modern dance band "Spirits", there are only nine children.
"Three in the Group of eight to twelve, six in the Group of 12 to 15 years", said the 20-year-old.
With more active the whole thing would be much more fun, "you could dance completely different choreography," she says.
Who wants to dance, can inside sniff on Thursdays between 17 and 18: 00 or on Fridays from 17.00 to 18.30 in the dance room at the former Hotel Meyer, open road 9, non-binding in the training session.
"The training begins with a warm-up program regularly", telling the trainer.
Then various choreographies are practised.
Lady has the characteristic that there is no set form, and is open for many styles.
Elements from folklore about classical music to sports and acrobatics are processed in jazz dance.
Of course also the sociability not neglected.
"We go out to dinner sometimes, watch dance films, we have ever stayed in the dance room", says Lisa Neitzel.
In the group, you could friendships, share a wonderful hobby, and do still a lot for the own motor development.
Jazz dance is not whom, the can inside sniff also in one of the other offers of TV Jahn.
Children and adolescents can inside a taste of Wednesdays in teaching in the areas of children's dance/jazz dance, infant Ballet, videoclip-dancing and Hip-Hop in the classroom.
Francisco Afonso is the dance coach.
Adult couples are welcome to the dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
Those who wish on hustle, slow Waltz, Viennese Waltz, Rumba, Cha-Cha and Tango may come and join.
Bulgarian prison wardens nationwide protest
Hundreds of prison employees from all over Bulgaria have organized a nationwide protest against the Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to restore their old working conditions that have been recently changed.
Higher salaries are on a list of demands, which will be discussed with the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Officials protest symbolically against the new working hours for a month and require a return to the previous 24-hour shifts.
Despite the meeting between the Trade Union of prison staff and representatives of the Justiziministeriums, no agreement has been reached, the national Bulgarian ratio (BNR) reported.
The negotiations continue, informed the Director-General for the execution of penalties, rose Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest of prison employees supported expected by members of the Trade Union Association of employees of the Ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian army has abandoned airport of Luhansk
In the Eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters remain on the rise.
After heavy battles in which allegedly also Russian tank battalions were involved, the Ukrainian army gave up today, Monday, the airport of the rebel stronghold of Luhansk.
At the same time, the army said that in the past 24 hours seven soldiers had been killed.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroschenko was previously personal inferences from the heavy defeat of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the top leadership of the army, without giving details.
Separatists shot down plane pro Russian
In the fight against Ukrainian Government troops, pro-Russian separatists have again fired a combat aircraft and two military helicopters according to its own representation.
About 100 soldiers are Donetsk also in combat in the region have been injured or killed, communicated on Monday Russian agencies according to the insurgents.
The coast guard ships sunk
The rebels also claimed to have sunk two boats of the Ukrainian Coast Guard for the first time in the sea of Azov.
Ukrainian border guards, confirmed that two of his ships were advised the port of Mariupol on Sunday nearby under fire.
Here, seven border guards had been injured, said a spokesman in Kiev the TV station 112.ua.
Two crew members were missing.
Local media blamed Russia for the incident.
The separatists also reported that they have brought several villages in the Donetsk region under their control.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
The Ukraine contact group meets today in the Belarusian capital Minsk.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE, also an Envoy of separatists from the East Ukraine should participate.
In advance, all players used their appearances to the public announcement of their claim.
NATO don't want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will break through the planned deployments in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis with Russia not their agreement.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday, NATO hold the founding agreement of the NATO-Russia Council from 1997.
However, the NATO Chief accused Russia "a stark breach" of the agreement.
"Today we have to see the reality of the situation, Russia does not consider NATO as a partner", as Rasmussen.
Documents and statements from Russian side, showed "that they regard us as opponents".
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen has also announced to increase NATO's presence in Eastern Europe.
At the NATO Summit in Wales to beschließender "readiness action plan" will ensure that "we will have more visible NATO presence in the East, as long as it is necessary", said Rasmussen in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new gas talks
Russia and the Ukraine have agreed according to official data on new talks on resolving their gas dispute.
The negotiations were scheduled for next Saturday, the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak said on Monday.
It will waiting for waiting for a decision of the European Union, whether she are also sending a representative to the talks.
Due to the dispute over the price of gas for weeks more, the Ukraine gets no fuel from Russia.
Last, EU energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger had mediated between the two sides.
The Ukraine warned Russia that might interrupt the gas supply for Europe.
Europe is about one-third of its natural gas from Russian sources, of which a large proportion flowing through the Ukraine.
Merkel speaks power Word: toll will be "clearly"
Now the Chancellor has pledged more clearly.
A carte blanche for all the gory details but it isn't.
Persistent concerns from the CDU against the toll for cars have Wroth noticeably the CSU.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has spoken after persistent resistance from her CDU a power Word for the introduction of a toll for cars.
"To say it clearly: it stands in the coalition agreement, and she will come", the party leader said Monday after meetings of the CDU Govt. in Berlin.
Merkel did not specify on a detailed model is but for the time being.
"Certain parameters" are mentioned in the Government programme black and red.
Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) have "made a proposal, and is now working on further".
The North Rhine-Westphalia CDU insists, however, on their no to a toll equal on all roads.
Merkel stressed that also Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) bring constructively in the consultation for the draft law.
On the subject, he talked to Dobrindt also about other options, to enable more private capital for investment in infrastructure, including in the broadband expansion.
"There is nothing on it special". Schäuble had left without comment a "mirror" report on Sunday, his house check its own concept, to pay Highway investors with toll revenue - after the election in 2017.
CSU Chief Horst Seehofer warned affiliated to develop in the Cabinet toll concepts against the lead Minister.
Armin Laschet Federal CDU Deputy Chairman reiterated his objections.
"The coalition agreement never went away, all district and federal highways to be to mauten", the North Rhine-Westphalian CDU land Chairman said.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer have now announced to talk once again about the topic.
Opposition to the plans comes also from the CDU land associations of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background are fears that a toll affected local border traffic with neighbouring countries.
Seehofer had requested Koalitionstreue due to the toll critics from the ranks of the CDU.
The left sees the plans in view of the dispute in the Union as a failure.
"The botch job toll is dead," said party Chief Bernd Riexinger of the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"With the toll the Minister will fail". Dobrindt wants to introduce a toll on all German roads, which is set to launch in 2016.
Domestic car owners may be but not burdened according to the coalition agreement.
Therefore, they should get full compensation through the car tax for the toll.
The model may penalise foreign drivers but under EU law not because of their nationality.
Often misdiagnosed genetic disorder
A British woman says she thought as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years, that she would die.
Karin Rodgers lived almost their entire youth in the belief that she have to live only a few years after she was diagnosed with other diseases.
She actually suffered the Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) - a group of inherited disorders that damage the nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK announced that misdiagnoses are a common problem in people with CMT, because so little is known about this disease is known.
Probably about 23,000 people in the UK suffer from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscular weakness, an unsteady gait and curved toes.
Ill also suffer from numbness or pain. The disease is incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms over time are worse.
When Rodgers 13 was, she believed that she was suffering from Friedreich's Ataxia (FA) - a disease with very poor survival.
Rodgers thought she would sit in the wheelchair before she would be 18, and die before her 30th birthday.
The mother of two children, who is now 51 years old, said: "as a child I knew that I could do the same as the others.
I fell down constantly and everything took longer for me.
I could never ride with the other kids roller skates or skateboard and was often teased at school because my way of walking and running.
Rodgers said that she saw a their medical records at the age of 13 years after several operations to the relief of Achilles tendon and stretch their legs, as her doctor had left the room and read, that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty, because I was curious, so I never told anyone, but I went home and was looking for the disease in the library, wrote to the FA company," she said.
When I got a reply, I was shocked and terribly by panicked.
I thought that I with 18 in a wheelchair would be 25 die and lose slowly all my skills in between would.
I was all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said, when she was 17, she realized that their skills not so much had taken off, as she had imagined it and questioned their doctor.
He just stood up, hugged me and said, "my dear, I don't think you have, or you wouldn't be in a wheelchair by now."
I think you have something far less life-threatening.
After some genetic testing was diagnosed with her CMT.
"When he told me what was CMT, I felt as if I was a winner," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT-awareness-month, to draw attention to this disease.
Sergeant a. D. Berni Diether works since the closure of the former training area as scorcher
For almost ten years is no longer shot on the former military training area in Münsingen.
Nevertheless, lethal ammunition in the heart of the Swabian Alb biosphere region occurs every month.
The grenades are sometimes still so dangerous that they must be blown up on-site.
A deafening bang echoed in the blasting through the heart of the biosphere region.
In December 2004, was the last sharp shot on the training area of Münsingen, which was closed in late 2005 after 110 years of military operation.
Since that time, the 6500-hectare area is the heart of the biosphere area, Swabian Alb, which is open on 13 designated trails for hikers and cyclists.
Tax burden of businessmen in the Washington area increases with economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It means higher taxes.
State and local tax bills for companies in the country increased slightly last year, while the economic recovery accelerated, according to a newly released study in the past week, and the company made no exception in the Washington area.
Companies in the space district, Maryland and 27.6 billion paid Virginia together $ on State and local authorities in the financial year 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent over the revenue by 2012 in $ 26.6 billion $.
The State and local tax burden of companies rose last year by 4.3 percent to 671 billion $ on, compared to 3.9 per cent in the year before, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after several years of declining notices in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes rose more than the local taxes by 4.3 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by the service agency Ernst & Young with the Centre for state taxation, a tax policy group.
More than half of the tax revenues of the district, 56 percent, comes from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of Maryland's revenue comes from businesses.
Virginia scored the lowest tax revenues from companies with 28 percent.
A large part of the increase in revenue is due to a recovery of the real estate assets of the companies, say the researchers, which led to an increase of in real estate taxes 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large part of these gains came from large States like California, New York and Texas, the procedure also for the Washington area seems to apply.
Companies in the district, Maryland and Virginia together over 10 billion paid $ on State and local real estate taxes last year, compared with 9.6 billion $2012 - an increase in the course of one year by 4.2 percent.
But the apparent recovery in the real estate values is not as effective in improving State and local tax revenue in Maryland, because here the real estate taxes on slightly more than one-fifth of the tax assessment notices from companies amounted to.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay almost half of their State and local taxes in the form of real estate taxes.
"In Maryland, the following occurs: a large part of real estate, particularly in the tax area around D.C., is either owned by the Government or by non-profits, that pay no property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, Managing Director of the Center on State taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely to provide the same services that offer other States, for example, much more on income taxes.
The recent recovery in the tax revenue from companies can be expected to not only the recovery of the real estate market
Corporate earnings seem also to recover the data.
Companies in the region reported income taxes for State organizations of 2.3 billion $ compared to 2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took 1 billion $ a in corporate income tax, the highest amount in the region.
While the trend in the same direction, the local tax burden on companies in all three places rises evenly.
The increase rate in the district was with 4.3 percent national average, while the rise in Maryland was significantly higher, 4.9 percent.
Virginia reported a below-average tax revenue by 4.1 percent.
Virginia has the significantly lowest corporate income tax with 6 percent in all three areas of the Office (in all three, there are fixed corporate tax rate).
The corporate tax rate in Maryland is relatively high 9,975 percent at 8.25 percent and in the district.
A comparable study of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that Virginia require less State and local business taxes and overall a better tax climate than in Maryland.
The district was not examined in the study.
Despite the advantages, Virginia is under pressure from its southern neighbour.
North Carolina has adopted the same set as Virginia laws to reduce its corporate tax rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, and the rate will fall next year to 5 percent.
If the State still achieves its goals of income in the coming year, this law could reduce the corporate income tax rate of the State until 2017 at 3%.
In the meantime, it seems better to go the small businesses in the Washington area, and they pay so more State and local taxes, according to the latest study.
Corporate taxes that is paid in personal income taxes by small businessmen - a transition structure, according to the most small businesses are organized - in the district, Maryland and Virginia rose last year by 20 percent to 2.4 billion $ at a significantly faster growth rate than the corporate taxes overall.
The researchers say that the trend and the increase in corporate taxes across the country probably will stop in this year, with an increase in the General more military tax revenue for the State and local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters 2014 compared to the same period of the previous year.
However, the Washington area could lag behind when the spending of the Federal Government affects the labour market in the region.
Partner city: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - also in China a popular combination.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's sister city in China now wants a brewery and hopes also on a direct flight connection between the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's sister city, Guangzhou - so is the urgent desire of the official in China.
"We would be happy, if a German brewery would settle down in our city", the Deputy Party Secretary said the southern Chinese metropolis, Li Yiwei this week when visiting an SPD delegation in his town.
The functionary of the ruling Communist Party of China in the course of conversation on this concern repeatedly returned the metropolis of 12 million.
Guangzhou, which is also called Canton in Germany, was one of the richest cities in China, promoted Li.
Therefore, the people have also the purchasing power to make German beer.
The Hessian SPD Chairman Thorsten Saeed, who led the German delegation of politicians, said the host, he'll ask around in Germany for a possible partner for the project.
"It not much need for beer: good water, grain and joie de vivre", he added during the lunch with the Parteioberen in Guangzhou.
Mr. Li already transmit this joy of life, he flattered the hosts.
Then the official from Guangzhou nudged with Saeed - however with red wine which was served for dinner.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German brewing.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German purity law.
More business traffic
A second request of the Chinese hosts would be a direct flights between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said Deputy party chief Li.
Lufthansa had previously offered the flight, but deleted in 2012 for economic reasons.
"It would be worth again", the politician was convinced.
"The commerce between our two cities continues to".
Currently travellers would have to take the detour via Changsha in Hunan province, Li complained.
Also the administration of Guangdong Province, whose capital is Guangzhou, hoping the flight connection.
The Vice Governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, turned this desire in his conversation with the Social Democrats in the foreground.
"This is a very good idea", said Saeed - Chinese Vice Minister Li Jinjun, an intimate knowledge of Germany, nodded.
Well maintained partnership
The affable Vice Party Chief of Guangzhou is hoping that he can visit Frankfurt in the next year to a partnership meeting.
Li Yiwei was already on the main, but not yet in this function.
He was originally in the Office this year after his predecessor out of Office on corruption charges had been promoted.
The local Party Chief Wan Qinglian had to go.
The action against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and administration, which is enforced by leader Xi Jinping with hardness.
The new leaders of Li Yiwei had worked before his party career for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Communist Party of China.
Before taking office in Guangzhou he worked as official in Fujian, where the carmaker VW built a large factory.
Frankfurt has officially more than a dozen town-twinning.
The connection to the 9000 km from Guangzhou is among those that are maintained by both sides, with a student exchange.
The 25-year anniversary of the german Chinese connection was celebrated last year.
The South China city on the Pearl River is almost as strong as Hesse with its economic power.
She wants to achieve a GDP of 250 billion euros next year, reported Li.
Family of Joan Rivers "fingers crossed"
Joan Rivers is since her admission to a hospital in New York City before three days unconscious; her daughter showed but hopeful that the things comedian recovered from their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Rivers today in a release.
We keep all our fingers crossed.
Her mother was hospitalized, hospital Yorkville endoscopy according to sources, on Thursday after a disaster due to cardiac arrest in a hospital on the Upper East Side, in the Mount Sinai.
The doctors keep them deliberately sedated and under precise observation, until they are satisfied with their condition is described as "serious".
The reactions came from many sides, also in the form of overwhelming online support from Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Eco-friendly vacuum cleaner and rising wages
In the future more stringent environmental standards apply to cars and vacuum cleaners, which are now in the trade.
Much like refrigerators and washing machines, new vacuum cleaner received from September 1 on a label, on which the buyer at a glance can recognize key data such as the energy efficiency of the appliance.
In the emission class "Euro 6" sharper nitric oxide values apply for new cars.
In addition, there is more money for the scaffolders: get a uniform minimum wage of 10.25 euros.
Amazon buys twitch for 1.04 billion $
AMAZON has just confirmed what had reported information on Monday morning: online retailers - and video producer, and a variety of other things - buys the Videostreamingdienst twitch for 1.04 billion $ (970 million US$).
The announcement comes surprisingly, not because nobody had expected a takeover by twitch, but because it has been widely suggested that YouTube would acquire the company.
Three months ago, it looked as the sale of twitch to the video service from Google for a cool billion done deal, and the cooperation appeared too of course.
Twitch, founded only three years ago when Justin.tv was started as a common streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead it quickly became a platform for players who wanted their bravura pieces in games published a "YouTube for live games", as an insider.
The twitch interface.
And "let it play", a genre of video in the know-it-all to a painting by secret science Theatre the (mostly older) games are already popular on YouTube.
It is just so that YouTube often called somewhat bored, if one wants to describe twitch, so the news that YouTube twitch wanted to buy, was recorded, a textbook example of an established technology company that buys up a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube came because the company was reportedly willing to pay as much as Amazon.
All we know at the moment about it, is this statement by Emmet shear, President of twitch: "We have for Amazon decided, because they believe in our community, they share our values and our long-term visions and they want to help us to get there faster."
Another secret to the incredible success of twitch is, frankly.
For snobs like me, explaining that they prefer sports as watching, it is hard to understand the attraction that goes to watch others playing rather than take even the control console in the hand.
It is one thing to watch a friend while she sneaks through resident evil, and something else, is shot at 3 in the morning over the shoulder to watch a spinner it like 20 times consecutively in the call of duty in the head.
You could see all these games right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are ego games, so the watch without their own control over the perspective of views can be a really good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the quick passes to the Roger Bannisters of our electronic age complete entire games in record time, are entertaining.
But as long as it is not a game - or humor virtuoso, his twitch channel is probably not so very interesting.
But skeptics like I already know what?
Twitch is called by 55 million different visitors a month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic peaks.
And how exactly will Amazon make money from it?
It's hard to imagine that twitch is so elegantly integrated into Amazon instant video as YouTube twitch would have to swallow easily.
But twitch has what any company would like: thousands of young men who are being wooed as advertisers.
As the Chairman of twitch, shear, said Amazon and twitch "believe both on the future of gaming", and the media doesn't even - shows no signs of shrinking, swallow - as a spectator sport.
On the bouncy castle at the Castle Garden Festival, a lot was going on Saturday.
The concept of the organizers agreed.
Despite strong torrential rain on Saturday night, music fans an estimated 1200 came to the Open-Air Festival in the castle garden.
At times, the intake had to be stopped.
"It was annoying," said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel l light and fun.
Of two Spanish words, Dr. have made the name Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem.
Because the open air in the castle garden Salzwedeler should radiate brightness on the day and in the evening with various shows.
Well, and the fun comes anyway by alone.
It became apparent early Saturday, when the first visitors to the open air.
The organisers had promised a celebration for all generations.
And they succeeded.
Around the supply stands in the castle garden meadow Salzwedeler, but also guests from the nearer and further surroundings had made themselves comfortable.
Watched the first live performances, bobbed with the foot to the beat, enjoyed cold drinks - in short: pure relaxation and enjoyment were announced.
And across the generations.
While is the one on blankets on the extra angekarrten white sand at the beach bar lümmelten, others used to wine in the wine cellar at a quarter, raged the offspring on the bouncy castle, which was a great attraction for the younger guests.
But also at the face painting volunteers in the truest sense of the word had busy all hands to the crowds to become and to conjure up imaginative creations in the small faces.
The larger used Foosball tables or participated in a skateboard workshop, which directed the Goodfoot crew from Salzwedel.
Until the big rain came.
Shortly before 17:30 he pelting down on the visitors, mainly families searched for the vast and dry.
However, this did not diminish the attractiveness of the Festival.
"There were more people than expected", said Ron Sem which spoke of a "success across the Board".
Therefore nothing precludes next year a repetition of the big party.
Although content and size of the event still needs to work on, SEM made it clear in a first record on Sunday to the people's voice.
He described as annoying, and that in the meantime the intake had to be stopped.
Obviously, the security firm with too little force was been booked.
As a result, Some of those who had already paid, were no longer on the site.
The response was very good.
In a first cautious estimate of Salzwedeler with co-organisers spoke of about 1200 visitors, who are busy in the castle garden.
There were problems with the sound engineering.
The hip hop band block 'n' ROX Salzwedeler broke off their appearance so unnerved.
The technicians were not able to create a halfway reasonable sound.
The planned shisha lounges could not be rebuilt because the tents because of a flat tire could not be brought to Salzwedel.
"Next year they will be but here", so the Organizer.
The premiere of Dr. open airs succeeded more than by the number of visitors.
And the bad weather.
However, the organizers have committed some error which still be forgiven the first time, but must be disposed of in the Second Edition.
Also on the social network Facebook, the Organizer must insert criticism.
"Sorry, but for 12 euros you expected just more" reflected Melanie Meier on the event page.
"You have taken over you unfortunately a bit", ele says Zakaria at the same place.
Others see the initial problems not so tight.
I find it very good, some just don't talk, but really try to put something on the legs.
Hats off! ", writes Stephanie Jenß to the Srinivas.
Now time the organizers a year, to make these criticisms.
New Radom in Berkum: Watch Hill landmark shrinks
Isn't as expected.
Rather, the deploy this component waiting to be used in the striking building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: almost 50 years after the establishment of the space observation radar of TIRA, the envelope, the so-called Radom, is completely renewed.
The new radome with a diameter of 47.5 metres will be slightly smaller than the old.
The size remains but is still the world record.
The last step to complete the new case is the exchange of caps
The upper quarter of the old Hull is separated and removed with a crane.
Then, the last quarter of the new cover is applied.
If the weather cooperates, the action at the beginning of this week about the stage to go.
As a participant in the ice bucket challenge dislocated jaw is
Isabelle Roberts from United Kingdom cried so much when her ice-cold water over my head was cast that she injured the bone structure in her face.
This ice bucket challenge was also painful.
A woman was admitted to the hospital after she had so much screaming at the ice-bucket challenge that it dislocated for the jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from United Kingdom yelled so much as her ice-cold water over my head was cast, she hurt that her facial structure.
"The water was so cold that I screamed, and while I'm the, my jaw simply stopped," she told the mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20 years.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but he couldn't, the jaw was engaged, and then I understood that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister also saw it and were laughing almost in the pants, but I had to go to the emergency room.
The 20-year old from the UK was admitted to the hospital, to make after participating in the viral trend on Tuesday again put the jaw itself.
The clip has been linked to an Internet sensation and thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Pull the Castle clubs soon back together?
Last, there was strife between the two Wolfratshauser Castle clubs again and again.
Now think the Board members about a possible collaboration.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolfratshauser Castle of the late Richard Dimbath, former Chairman led the Wolfratshauser Castle friends, the project in the French Guédelon.
A year ago, there was a not a good climate between the Association of the Castle and the Castle friends Wolfratshausen.
The views of how the story should be dealt with the Wolfratshauser Castle and a possible reconstruction seemed very different so far.
Now the two sides are moving each other: it talks about a common approach to be taken soon.
Board members Torsten Sjöberg (Castle Association) and Herbert Piffl (Castle friends) confirm that demand our newspaper.
"I have phoned Mr Piffl and suggested that we once could sit down together," reported Sjöberg.
All members of both clubs could pull his opinion in the future again together.
Faster visible results can be so recorded.
While the castle's friends to the suddenly departed Richard Dimbath had a reconstruction of the castle on the mountain forest in the eye until the last minute, the "development and experience bar making" the grounds at the forefront stands for the Castle Club to Sjöberg.
Herbert Piffl, second of Chairman of the friends of the Castle, has delighted according to own statements about the call.
Since Dimbaths death, he faces the Castle friends.
A new President is to be found in mid-September at a General Assembly.
Currently is one of the association according to the 74 around 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath have we let the club activities out of respect at first". This "thinking"phase may have been necessary, "to consider how it could continue".
According to Pak, the new Chairman should then go into the conversation with the Castle Club.
Until then the castle's friends could make a current mood image within their grouping.
Pak says, there is no a candidate for the Presidency at the moment yet.
"But I'm confident that someone will find". He himself will not run because he takes up residence in bad Tölz.
The new Chairman should be a Wolfratshauser.
The Tölzer wanted work on the project "but very happy to continue with".
The different points of view in terms of reconstruction will remain in the eyes of Piffls probably in the near future.
It commends Dimbath as a "Missionary", who always believed that the reconstruction of the Castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is no pie in the sky.
Through a high level of participation of the population as well as volunteers from all over the world to be a tourist magnet.
Pak: "I was skeptical at the beginning.
But in the course of time I have come more and more to the conviction, that it makes sense to promote the project. A "unique selling proposition" for the city of rafters could be created.
There's nothing else here.
Moreover, the project through EU grants, tickets for visitors and potential sponsors would be fundable, believes Pak.
"I want to personally therefore not simply jettisoning the idea of reconstruction". He hoped that maybe something that moves the Castle Club in this point.
Aimed initially to document the history, "is important and good."
Then you could see.
Smart ways to save for university textbooks
Since the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $1,000 amount per year, the almost second semester student Matt Schroeder pondered throwing a clever idea of saving himself.
He invented a system of loans for books from students of higher semesters and offered a nominal compensation, to delay the resale.
"My math book normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a Chick-fil-A biscuit," said Schroeder, 19, who attends the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester had him $430 cost, he said.
He gave $120 from.
The College Board told the students in the more than 1,200 average $ annually spend on textbooks and study materials that there is cost containment options for the students, however.
Online stores and creative approaches such as the Schroeder's increasingly are the solution of choice for students.
Renting textbooks is popular, and so students can book a semester long use, often at a much cheaper price than buying.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 University book stores, said that the hiring of text books have doubled since 2011.
In the industry, surveys show that about a quarter of the books in the college bookstores was hired last spring semester, said Neebos Vice President Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all textbooks, National Association of college stores in campus bookstores are purchased according to the trade association.
Here is the multiplication table for the best deals.
Buy online
Some new books cost online only a third of the price for which they are in the campus bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, Chegg.com for 239,99 can however the specialized textbook retailer $ are involved.
Buy used
If the notes of others or normal wear are nothing a, used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is used on Chegg.com for $93,49 to have.
Matt Casaday, 25, degree student at Brigham Young University, says that he has issued 42 cents on Amazon.com for a used copy of "strategic media decisions: understanding the business end of the advertising business."
The book was new for $48 sold.
Academics such as Ingrid Bracey, Director of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without walls students asked their professors to ask whether previous editions were allowed.
Sometimes, the updates for the term papers are not relevant.
In such cases, often, older issues can be purchased for a fraction of the cost for the latest edition.
Besides Suxen and Amazon, even Half.com by eBay Inc is a popular alternative for used books.
Rent
Renting textbooks is a thought, if you treat them reasonably well, remember to return them and does not want to keep the books after completing the course.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased book.
A student could, for example, "calculus" for the duration of a semester for about $20 for rent.
Inform themselves about the provisions of the business in which you rent, but also on the penalties incurred if necessary for writing notes, underlining, or signs of wear.
Renter beware: If you do not return the book, the fines can exceed even the price of a new book.
E books
Also E-books instead of traditional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes, these books are de facto rented by providing an electronic license for a certain period of merchants such as Amazon.com, Suxen and Barnes & Noble Inc..
Suxen can "Calculus" for 6 months for approximately $61 rent.
Bracey says that students in literature courses often find the best deals, because many classics today for free can be downloaded, while scientific and engineering textbooks can be very expensive.
Look in any case.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon visit the Pepperdine Law School, recommends the ISBN number for the price determination books because you can so be sure to find the right textbook.
And before placing an online order you should check, so Gault, whether the book is actually in stock.
He learned this lesson the hard way.
He bought a book that had four weeks delivery time and eventually paid the full price in the College Bookstore.
Why "Guardians of the Galaxy" was not a box-office hit
"The expendables 3" by Sylvester Stallone played less than $30 million of his $90 million budget in the United States, while "Sin City: A Dame to kill for" grossed only $12 million in its budget of $70 million.
The film tailored to Cameron Diaz "sex tape" grossed only $14.6 million on the opening weekend, while disappoint children's films such as "train your Dragon 2 made easy" also in revenue.
An article in the Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that, when the children's films, the lack of quality of the movies themselves could be the reason.
Collin described 2014 as "the worst year" so far for children's films, and described "train your Dragon 2 made easy" as a purely "functional" fantasy sequel.
Films for a slightly older audience, it seems so, as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, entertainment weekly compared the average cinema score and Metacritic rating for any summer film release which was shown between the American Memorial Day and July 20, 2013, and in the current year to at least 2000 screens.
The results are based on the opinions of movie-goers and film critic and indicate that the year's blockbuster are equivalent to those of last year.
Some commentators think that the development is due to changing viewing habits and the growing popularity of Web-streaming services like Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney's Jungle Book soon to be released film, told the Web site Hollywood Reporter: "I think the times are changing."
We must accept that and not try to follow the past.
In contrast to the currently weak box office results of the Hollywood productions Netflix achieved sales recently with the streaming content in the amount of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year, in which sales amounted to $837 million.
Last summer, criticized Director Steven Spielberg, the movie studios that they concentrated too much on film adaptations of comics and predicted a "meltdown" of Hollywood.
Seen in the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that his gloomy prophecy could certainly contain a true nucleus.
Because of the expected the summer 2015 potential box-office hit, including Avengers: Age of Ultron, minions and Jurassic World but more optimistic are other representatives of the film industry:
The producer of X-men, Simon Kinberg, described the decline in box office results recently as simple "cyclical" and told Hollywood Reporter: "the next summer will be the biggest summer at the box office at all, and nobody will see it more to the business concerns."
As the 2nd table tennis district class for the purpose of streamlining the leagues Division has been deleted some time ago, it has been the a step in the right direction.
Now the German Table Tennis Federation, an additional 3 took the Bundesliga in the program.
The result: Who has not risen, is descended.
Göttingen class highest team has avoided relegation torpedo in the Premier League-relegation while, plays in the coming season but still fifth class size only.
Fourth class-torpedoes remain women, despite their grandiose move in the Regionalliga.
The boys and girls of torpedo launch in the Lower Saxony League, as well as the boys of the SC Weende.
SG Lenglern and the torpedo reserves compete in the new Verbandsliga, not Göttingen clubs are more represented in the National League.
In the women's plays the TTV Geismar in the Verbandsliga, the torpedo-second in the National League.
What looks like a better class of district, the composition is now the new district upper League South.
Here Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, torpedo join TSV III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, the FC Weser and the TTC.
In the Bezirksliga, II, red white, Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III play as regional representative Dransfeld and the SC Weende, in the district class of the TTC. The Bezirksoberliga of women starts at least in strength.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II here are part of the game.
In the Bezirksliga start running torpedo III and semi Hausen/Redwood Mars Hausen.
With nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girl in the small district League.
Also the district League season of the SCW-boys - there still torpedo launches II — is not complete.
In a class of district Tuspo Weende, Geismar and Bovender SV go in the season.
The two Göttingen district leagues with nine teams start in the first season of the newly formed Association of the region.
In the West II, Bovender SV III, Laubach are the red and white II, torpedo IV and V, MTV grone, Dransfelder SC II, Mahlamvu and SG Lenglern II.
In the East playing semi Hausen/Redwood Mars Hausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen, among others.
The women's County League consists of Satte city/Redwood Mars Hausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen Tuspo Weende, II, the SG Rhume.
This is still better than in the District of Osterode, where there is even no women's teams more on district level.
Striking that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen strength achieved, here the innovative and enterprising District Board will have to worry ever.
NATO Summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
On weekends, there were protests by opponents of the NATO Summit in Newport.
Hundreds in downtown Newport to a NATO March gathered on Saturday.
On Sunday, about 150 people in Cardiff before the local City Hall came together to hold a so-called counter-Summit.
Stephen Fairclough has the weekend followed the developments for us and talked to protesters who have travelled to Belgium from Bridgend.
Flown to teenagers from the blue mountains
TWO young Bush walkers were brought with the winch to safety after they were trapped in the NSW blue mountains overnight.
THE 16-year old girl and the 19 year-old man departed to their tour shortly after Sunday lunch at Govetts leap in Blackheath.
Worried relatives called the police at about 8: 00, when the two go home were returned.
A posse of local police and rescue services broke up and the pair was found to about 23: 00 close of Bridal Veil Falls.
The girl had injured his knee and the man fell and was smashed on his head.
Rescue workers stayed overnight at the pair, and they were flown out on Monday morning.
They were hospitalized in stable condition with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains hospital.
Escalating anti-Government protests in Pakistan
The 1,000 protesters were pushed by soldiers from the PTV building, information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said.
The stations have resumed broadcasting after half an hour.
PTV Director Athar Farooq said the protesters armed with sticks had damaged equipment in the newsroom.
Dead or injured were not reported.
The protesters demand the resignation of the head of the Government, which they accuse of election fraud.
The police said that there have been back about one kilometre away from the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday clashes by around 3,000 demonstrators with security forces.
According to the hospital, a police officer was injured.
The weekend had been killed at least three people and injured more than 500, as demonstrators tried to reach Sharif residence.
You call for the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called on Sunday evening after a meeting in the army headquarters to a political solution of the conflict "without wasting time or to use force".
It was next in the release: "The Army its role remains obliged to ensure the security of the State".
The escalating violence has stirred up concern prior to an intervention of the military has coup already more frequently in the past.
That of the opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul QADRI led protests since the independence day on 14 August last.
Sharif rejects resignation.
Khan and QADRI had encouraged their supporters on Sunday, to persevere.
"We will not go back without having forced Sharif to resign", Khan said.
QADRI said something similar.
Khan accuses Sharif to have won the general election in May of last year through fraud.
QADRI calls for the resignation of the Central and the provincial governments.
Then, an interim Government to reform the electoral system and call an early election.
More than 40 000 security forces are deployed to protect the Government District.
The protesters had persevered first peacefully before the Parliament until Khan and QADRI called them the weekend to reach Sharif residence.
Hütteldorfer for second win of the season on third of the table.
With a 2-0 over Grödig a bitter week took for rapid a conciliatory end on Sunday.
"The victory is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had achieved an intermediate low with the off in the Europa League on Thursday.
"The achievement was terribly important," confirmed captain and goalscorer Steffen Hofmann, who pushed three green white square.
Schrammel dream gate brings rapid rapid on road to victory has shown the right response to the disappointment against Helsinki with the second victory of the season and goes with a sense of achievement in the international break.
"We wanted to show a positive reaction," said Defender Thomas Schrammel, which has paved the way to victory, with his magnificent leadership volley from the corner of sixteen er, in the 14 minute.
"I thought, I'm the whole frustration Thursday in and smacked it under the crossbar", the 26-year-old said smiling.
Sajith 2010 met Novmember on the 13th for the most recent time in a Bundesliga game, was still for Ried.
The first championship match in the rapid dress will remain him in special memory.
"It's something special for me, I'm from the rapid young," SAJI said.
Due to the short-term pool damage by Mario Pavelic, moved from the left to the right side of the defensive Schrammel and did also very well his thing.
He has enough experience that he can exert this position also mirrored.
He deserved the goal, he has done this year quite a few assists,"praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel supplied also the flank to 2-0 by Hofmann after over an hour, that finally brought the decision.
Because before that, also the guests could have written on.
"Thank God we have had the luck today," remarked also Schrammel thus played on the gap of performance and results in the past few weeks: "the results have not voted, but playfulness was always good in comparison to last year".
Baboo was even, that "in many games previously better than today"--been against "the strongest team that has played in this season in this stadium".
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July have therefore proved that the setbacks despite the team structure was intact: "Today my team has shown that it has character".
For him no less gratifying: "That we finally return to zero have played".
Much work do even more valuable during international break also the fact that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger several failures to complain, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp Schobesberger gave their starting team debuts, the victory.
"You must remember this", warned Baboo, who lost in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic players, "who were very stable lately".
The international break must therefore be used "wounds to lick and to put a little bit in terms of physical", explained Baboo, who has five U21 selection players in its ranks.
One, the break is probably particularly situated, is Captain Hofmann.
He rips the team, goes beyond pain about it.
He has shown in this severe phase, that he is a very important player for us", noted Barisic.
Hofmann gave not only the structure the game of rapids before his substitution in the 68th minute, but scored the second gate.
For the 33-year old, who completed his 350 League match, it was the first hit of the game since 2 November 2013 (4:2 on the Admira).
Hofmann: "must not think that now everything is good" "we have had also a bit of luck, but sometime the luck must come back to us.
Now it was"high time, Hofmann said.
He warned however to concentrated work: "you may see not always black and white.
We have not so bad played in recent weeks, as it has been portrayed.
We may not believe but also that now all is well.
He could not deny the importance of his role for the team.
It is a very young team, which at the moment I can greatly help.
That stop at certain stages in me", said Hofmann.
Grödig coach Michael Baur had little to throw himself and his team.
He regretted the quick goals "of the category magic gate", as well as the regular gate by net in the 40th minute, which was been wrongly stripped from referee Kollegger.
The only criticism I can make the team is that we were not concrete enough towards the goal in several phases.
Because we have had too little financial statements.
It was similar to the Defender Maximilian Karner: "it started equally bad, then we have found but pure and made even a goal.
On the whole, more would have been.
There is a rest under this tree
We showed a powerful tribe in our puzzle task of the summer series "My piece of the Rhöner happiness" last Friday.
There are several of these giant of trees in the district, the pictured specimen is the "Geißruheiche" above by Unterbrunn white.
A bumpy walk leads up to the approximately 600-year-old oak.
It misses on coupling, pile of basalt stone and basalt stone seas.
A little below the quarry from the Bauer mountain, one kilometre north of the road to Weisbach, there it is.
Vital is the natural monument, it extends beyond the other trees of nearby and reminiscent of an American giant Sequoia with a circumference of about eight metres.
A small Buddha on a tree stump suggests that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
But despite intensive research, there was only evidence of the origin of the name.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has extra consulted the Bischofsheimer archive and interviewed older people from white Unterbrunn to learn which circumstances did it with the Geißruheiche.
The result of his investigations was the rather sober explanation for the name.
Therefore, the goat herders should have driven until about 80 years ago their animals under Weißenbrunn from the laboriously cleared and freed from stones meadows.
At the foot of the tree the animal keeper, exhausted from the ascent should have rested.
Meanwhile, the area has regained its importance, because on the meadows, herds of goats graze actually.
The area has been declared in addition to the core zone of the biosphere reserve, has further found Schneider.
Upon entering the stone collections should be careful, but, because the basalt warmed up by the Sun is a popular place to stay for Adders.
A hiking trail leads from Unterbrunn whites to the tree, but somewhat hidden.
Other routes are signposted that climb towards Hochrhön and invite you to an extended hike.
Where is the water Castle?
A water Castle is looking for our next task, but is in the height rarely found.
The reflection in the ditch gives a good impression of the building, but we have some historic buildings, including the building picture could fit in the district.
Where is our "piece of Rhöner happiness"?
My play Rhöner luck
As in previous series of the main post in recent years, there are again this year to win prizes, if they have the right solution.
If you like to shoot, can join also.
Under the E-Mail address red.neustadt@mainpost.de, you can send us the solution and also your personal "piece of Rhöner happiness" under this heading.
The best photos will be published.
After week-long tug of war Italy Prime Minister and EU President, Matteo Renzi pushed through last week the nomination of his Secretary of State Federica Mogherini strong conservative opposition on the special EU Summit as the EU foreign policy Chief, Catherine Ashton is successor to the British.
Renzi considered how reflects the Government daily newspaper La Repubblica, the appeal of his force also in the Government team as a favorite Mogherini as strengthening the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He expects also a boost for his "reform package" in Italy.
Last but not least, Renzi, hopes to make hence the desiring repeatedly against him left party base, because Mogherini is associated with more in a moderate way - this -.
To the conservative representatives with President Jean-Claude Juncker and the Poland nominated as Council President Donald Tusk a political balance, made so the prevailing opinion in Rome, thus.
As the chief diplomat of the EU is at the same time Deputy of President Juncker.
The pending approval of the EU Parliament is considered to be safe.
Otherwise, President Giorgio Napolitano would have been called the nomination of 41jährigen politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) hardly a "important recognition" of the role of Italy in the EU.
La Repubblica widespread optimism that proven almost two decades of experience in leading party offices and for their ambitions known Mogherini will show up grew the "enormous challenges".
The native Roman is married and has two daughters.
Their party career started the PhD scientist in the youth organization of the Democratici di Sinistra (Democrats of the left), which in 2008 merged with the Catholic Centre Party Margherita to the present social democratic PD in 1996.
in 1999, Mogherini became for three years Vice-President of the European Community organisation of Socialist Youth (European Young Socialists).
With the election 2001 in the party Council of the Democrats of the left, she entered in the high party politics, worked in the Department of foreign policy, whose Leiterin soon became.
She occupied traditional focal points of Italian foreign policy, like the Middle East, was known through studies to the NATO mission in Afghanistan, to which Italy is involved with a contingent, maintained contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe and to the Democrats in the United States.
Since 2008 she is a member of the Chamber of Deputies, in which she is an expert on defense and European and international affairs.
As Renzi became Prime Minister in February 2014, he appointed his Foreign Minister Mogherini.
If the PD today has a better relationship with the strong peace movement in the country which votes the party at the European elections contributed to over 40 percent in may, then have, as is noted in PD circles, Federica Mogherini a share of it.
The representations in Brussels, the new EU foreign policy Chief have too little diplomatic experience, so it lacks substance, is countered in the PD.
In Brussels, mainly from Poland and the Baltic members, suspicious realistic accents followed Mogherinis to the crisis in the Ukraine and vilified as "Russia-friendly price".
They advocated the pipeline South stream operated by the Russian company Gazprom, the Russian gas bypassing the Ukraine should be transported directly to southern Europe, which serves also the energy security of Italy.
After Renzi had been his term as EU President in July, Mogherini traveled to their first State visit to Moscow.
Photographs that showed them with Putin at the shake-hands, were recorded in Brussels with indignation, as well, that she invited the Kremlin for October to a Milanese Economic Summit.
A total of nine young people began their education at emz-Hanau in Nabburg on Monday.
Among them is a trainee who has previously completed another training in the company.
In four occupations the new employee involved in the future: electronic technician (three apprentices), Mechatronics (two), toolmakers (two) and process mechanic (two).
All trainees come from the District of Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl of Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer of Schmidgaden, John beer from Neunburg forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel carefree and Sebastian Zahner of Pfreimd, as well as Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees previously visited main or secondary schools and preschools.
From Wednesday until Friday, the trainees of all vintages, as well as trainers to a team training event drive to Oberammergau, where among other things a full day hikes and rafting on the Inn on the program.
The company is one of Germany 435 and world's 950 employees.
The number of trainees of all vintages distributed amounts to 27.
The Socialists in France should "shut up and bring France into order," said the most important ally of François hollande.
Mr Valls urged the deeply divided left, to show their "love" for the controversial Socialist President, whose cabinet reshuffle has met with disapproval in the large majority of the French.
The President deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain at his side," he said to great applause.
The Prime Minister that his Government the controversial 35-hour workweek not will make Emmanuel Macrons, the new economy Minister, arranging pages in France despite fierce claims after an easing in question was as reassuring.
On Saturday his fellow Socialists had invited Mr hollande strongly to show "together" with the Government.
But Christiane Taubira, the Minister of Justice, sprinkled sand in the transmission occurred at a meeting of renegade Socialist Member of Parliament and the Socialist Party criticised the fact that she take the French "faith in their future".
Marine Le Pen, the far right leader of the national front, mocked the constant infighting of the Socialists and said that she not could imagine, that the new Valls will hold Government more than a few months.
François hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls has none, they are forced to form a new Government if the old one even survived a summer.
"And the new will not survive also the autumn or winter," Miss Le Pen told supporters.
She reiterated their party's reputation after a dissolution of Parliament and said she was confident to emerge victorious in elections and be ready for the Government.
The ruling party suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front was ahead in EU elections in May.
A survey in the Sunday newspaper journal you Dimanche found that 76 percent of the French of believe are, that the Socialist Party of danger is exposed to disintegrate before the end of the term of Hollande's 2017 into several rival factions.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at the Sciences Po warned University, that quick patience would lose the French, when the new Socialist Government get no improvement in the economy and the record unemployment.
"There is a small window for options, but public opinion must feel quickly that things will change," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before a deal with prestige cruises 3 billion $
Norwegian cruise line Holdings Ltd NCHL. O, the third largest cross travel providers in the world, leads according to insiders of the industry advanced negotiations for the purchase of competitor prestige cruises International Inc for about $ 3 billion $.
A deal would Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $ 6.8 billion $, give access to the luxury cruise ship by prestige cruises, as well as to its wealthy clientele, while it with larger rivals of such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL. Is N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) in the competition.
An agreement could be announced already this week, said the sources on Sunday and warned that the talks could end but also without result.
The owner of prestige cruises, the private-equity firm Apollo global management LLC (APO. N) has also accounted for 20 percent of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous because the negotiations were not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and prestige cruises not responded to requests for comments, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment.
The Miami-based Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue amounted to 2013 2.57 billion $, an increase of 13 percent compared to 2012.
Prestige based cruises, also in Miami, operates under the brand names of Oceania and Regent, the together eight cruise ships on routes to Scandinavia, the Mediterranean, North America, Russia, Asia, operate Africa and South America.
It reported revenue for 2013 by 1.2 billion $, an increase of 6 percent compared to the previous year.
The cruise industry is a total of about 29 billion $ and in the next few years is expected for them due to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging markets such as China and India.
For these new customers as the best choice for the cruise providers, businesses seek to position.
Prestige cruises requested the IPO in the U.S. regulators in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since a 850 million $ deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise emerged in its present form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise provider owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and Casino conglomerate under the control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested 2008 1 billion $ in Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went in January 2013 at the stock exchange.
Genting held end of June according to approval authorities 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 percent of the shares and the private-equity firm TPG Capital LP accounted for 8 percent of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean cruises and Norwegian Cruise have together according to the original application documents for the IPO of prestige cruises about 82 percent of the American cruise ship passenger capacities.
Pro-Hong Kong activists condemn China the day after the vote.
A Beijing-loyal group close to waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the national of people's Congress on Sunday adopted a framework law, which allows for only two or three candidates for the leadership election in Hong Kong in the year 2017.
All candidates must first achieve majority support of a nomination Committee, which is expected to be occupied with members loyal to Beijing.
This decision is there for opposition Democrats almost impossible, admitted to the election to be, pro-democracy activists, prompting their threat true remake and "Occupy Central"-Protesten to paralyze the financial centre of Hong Kong.
Political reforms have long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; and China's party leaders feared that the cries spread democracy to other cities.
After the release of a Beijing white paper in June the supremacy of China via Hong Kong was outlining, democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, where hundreds of thousands in the business district of the city marched and organized a sit-in there.
LIS survey is organised by the Government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The Deputy Chairman of the Law Commission of the Standing Committee, Zhang Rongshun, as well as the Deputy Director of the Office for Affairs of Hong Kong and Mac from the Council of State, Feng Wei, should be consulted in the course of the day.
Student activists announced to gather in the afternoon outside the Office of leadership in Hong Kong.
United Kingdom envisaged no democratic elements up to the final stage of Hong Kong's 150-year colonial Government.
Putin demanded the inclusion of "Rule of talks" with the Eastern Ukraine Kiev
The Russian President Wladimir Putin according to Russian media reports on Sunday, demanded that the Ukrainian Government is fighting against the separatists in the East of the country and immediately takes up with negotiations to the "rule"of the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskow made it clear later that Putin didn't mean the territory under the control of the separatists of the Eastern Ukraine to become part of Russia, but that his status against the Ukraine must be redefined, to give the power to represent their rights and interests of the Russian-speaking region.
Putin's call to the Kiev Government to negotiations on equal footing with the pro Russian rebel suits but which by him since the beginning of the riots five months ago apparently strategy: help for the separatists in the business areas and pressure on the Ukrainian Government to the newly proclaimed region Novorossija de facto independence for an alliance with Russia instead of providing with the West.
In an interview with the State TV channel one Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture of the territories held by separatists in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow had annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have lately occupied area as "Novorossija" or "New Russia" referred to a term that the Russian Empire is reminiscent of the pre-revolutionary heyday.
Putin pointed out that those who hope for Ukrainian politician for the elections on Oct. 26, while government groups attacking civilian communities in the areas held by separatists in the course of the campaigns early peace talks are "trapped in their illusions", ITAR-TASS reported.
"We need to record immediately detailed discussions, not only on technical issues, but also to the political organization of society and the State status of the South-East Ukraine, to protect the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's reference to the rule of law in the context of the greater autonomy should be seen, discussed for months by the leadership of Kiev to allay concerns in Russian-speaking areas, that their cultural and linguistic rights are endangered.
Only the Ukrainian Government can give the necessary autonomy the eastern areas, said Peskov.
We are not talking about negotiations between the Ukraine and Russia, said Peskov, "because it isn't about a conflict between Russia and the Ukraine, but an internal conflict in the Ukraine."
The clarification of the Kremlin spokesman for correcting the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscore the leadership of Russia in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the East, in contrast to the direct annexation of Crimea, where ethnic Russians are the majority of the 2 million inhabitants.
Moscow would be far greater, to annex the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in the East Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are Russians and polls indicate a large majority for remaining in the Ukraine from the time before the conflict began.
The autonomy that was approached by Russian diplomats on international forums would proxy give the regional Governments in the Ukraine to negotiate their own trade agreement and external relations, and de facto control over an area so the Kremlin, type that combines the Russian territory in Crimea.
The peninsula in the Black Sea five months ago annexed is the home port for the bulk of the Russian Navy, as well as an important trading port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostowgebiet in Russia and the Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries that manufacture important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested in his speech at the inauguration on 7 June that the Ukrainian legislation - should bear in mind additions to the Constitution after new elections - that greater control is given the respective territories about their finances and the status of the languages.
But his notion of autonomy seems to be their arming and incitement Moscow accused in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels.
Putin's last call to Kiev, to negotiate with the separatist leaders at eye level, followed a further advance of the rebels in the past week, after Russian troops and tanks have penetrated beyond the previously peaceful region along the Azov Sea in the Eastern Ukraine.
The separatists supported by Russia took control of Nowoasowsk in the coup, which is according to fears Ukrainian security official to the Crimea, the first step in a campaign to take over the strategic coastal area.
For this reason massive civilian and military preparations are underway to Mariupol, a steel industry port of 500,000 to fix, which is situated between Nowoasowsk and the narrow access to the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko said on Saturday at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels and asked urgently for deeds, to prevent a further Russian aggression against the Ukraine, a former Soviet Republic, which has been independent since 23 years.
"We are nearing a point where there is no turning back," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU Summit decided no concrete actions, the leadership demanded the draft of further sanctions against Russia, which should enter into force at an unspecified escalation of the Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaysk, after last week invaded the Donezkregion, said two Russian tank columns and 1,000 soldiers Colonel Andrij Lysenko, spokesman of the Ukrainian national security and Defense Council reports to support the besieged separatists on Saturday in Kiev.
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers, which were closed by the Russian incursion in Ilovaysk, against 10 Russian paratroopers were exchanged on Sunday who had been captured to Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko announced on Sunday.
Nude photo scandal involving Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten made no secret of his anger about hackers who have probably stolen nude pictures of his fiancée Gabi Grecko and a who's who of A-list celebrities from Hollywood.
The film city is in excitement after a series of unique photos have surfaced of naked Jennifer Lawrence in a Hackingskandal to celebrities on the Internet.
The responsible hackers has probably about 60 nude photos of Lawrence, star from "the tribute out of panem" and of superstars, including the models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle, as well as the actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and Sarah of Melbourne were supposedly private photos due to an iCloud gap publik.
101 celebrities are on the list.
Noble, which last month with Jeff had engaged, told confidential: "It's disgusting."
All private letters and images should be kept private.
It's a shame that personal information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Terry, at the time in New York, said according to reports, a news Web site, that the hack was "shameful" and that those affected feel "they get hurt".
The hacker has probably 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two shots, in which she topless in a pool.
The film works include Palmer's "Love is invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck star Strahovski and actress Browning in sucker punch yesterday were for comments to the chopped images not available.
A representative of Lawrence' told TMZ: "It is a heinous invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen sentenced the hacker in his Tweet: "nothing is different than selling fence goods post chopped pictures from a cell phone."
Legally seen, publising stolen images should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and walkers were present yesterday at 8 cycling on the big box Hill and have thus supports the Association "Help for children with cancer".
The tour, which was an ordeal for some, was a light training for the others.
In one were however all agreed: it was fun.
Thomas Studanski might have slept well last night.
Because for the first time in his life of the Chief of the Oberursel brewery went yesterday with the wheel on the Feldberg.
For a good cause.
He can put away as easily the small muscles, especially the participation of 8 cycling on the big field mountain in favor of the Association "Help for children with cancer" (Frankfurt) personally brought him a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I now know that I can do this - prima!"
Small little break in the curve of the applause?
No, if I would have stopped once it was out...
As Thomas Studanski, who sits for the CDU in the Oberursel City Parliament, itself plagued many of 718 participants yesterday in the morning dew to mountains and came to close, but happy on the plateau of exhaustion.
However, it fell another easier to overcome the 11-kilometre route between Hohemark and Feldberg.
For example Norman Dießner.
The occurring in red green politician from the district day - red dress, red bike - made at the start of something else on understatement ("lots of professionals, since arriving is the goal!"), proved but on the mountain but half professional and went after 45 minutes without shortness of breath through the target.
He also went the distance in one go, as also Nina Kuhn, spokeswoman of the city Oberursel had taken together with Frank Garcia on the way.
For the two triathletes the "field mountain biking" was not necessarily a challenge: "here it goes to charity, because we are happy with – but we had an exit today anyway" Kuhn.
On the way they had made Paul Wenzel of Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) drove down the morning after Oberursel to return almost immediately to struggle on the height.
The Frankfurt Florian Zierz had swooped in the morning at 9: 00 at home in the saddle, "made" the Feldberg twice, to then roll with fun home.
Fun had also "fries-Toni".
For the Chief of the Oberurseler cult kiosks cycling over the field Hill part.
He had targeted 40 minutes with his 6.5 pound road bike.
A crazy event.
"For this purpose — because I'm in love", Andreas Balzke said.
The trained Mainz says, that he is an "ambitious racing cyclists".
That must be it, because he was traveling with the "fixie-wheel", although road bikes, but are without...
That locker was also without wheel upwards, proved not only the 20 hikers who climbed over the white wall and the Fox dance to the top up, but also as a Jogger, who moved here a car tire with weights behind him on a cord.
"Mountain rescue doctor Professor Volker Lischke, which equipped with all-wheel drive-bully and quad, made with his team, for security, said:"The know"I from Frankfurt, who trained for a special Schlittentrail, except that he just draws the carriage". So to speak, the man is his own sled dog.
718 participants - and so many like never before – were sent in the morning in groups on the track.
The walkers first at 9:30.
There followed the first cyclists and runners at 10: 00.
Five minutes later the first mountain bikers laid off.
Bent Hansen, Chairman of the Association "Crest on the Feldberg", gave the start command and wished the participants a nice trip.
For next year, he hopes that it is able to block the route to the peak up to the safety of the participants.
