The prime ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new prime minister Narendra Modi meets his Japanese colleague Shinzo Abe during his first important foreign visit since his choice victory in May in Toko in order to discuss about economical and security relationships.
There is Mr Modi on a five day long journey to Japan in order to consolidate the economical relationships with the third-greatest economic nation of the world.
Plans for a stronger core cooperation stand very above on the agenda.
According to reports India in addition hopes for a contract for the defense cooperation between the two nations.
Police of Karratha arrest 20-year to fast motorcycle hunt
A motorcycle was confiscated, after the driver it with 125 k.p.h. in one 70 km/h zone and through bush country had gone, in order to escape from the police in Bilbara.
Traffic policemen in Karratha attempted this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after their having observed it in this case how a service station left it with 125 k.p.h. on the Bathdate Road.
The police tell that the driver ignored the stop signals then and drove them further on the Burgess Road before it turned into the bush country, where the officials lost it from the eyes.
The motorcycle as well as a person, that of the description of the driver were corresponded seen later near a house in the Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
The police of Karratha accuse a 20-year old man of the nonobservance of a stop signal as well as inconsiderate driving.
It is supposed to appear on 23rd September before the district court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was put in custody and confiscated for three months.
George Webster accused of hotel rapes in Naim and Pitlochry
A man stands because of the rape of women in two hotels in court court.
The accusation was read out with the case of a hearing to George Webster, 28, by the Uppermost Court in Glasgow.
He is accused, to have raped a woman on 7th June 2013 in the Scotland's hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire.
The accusation that Webster attacked it says during it "was unconscious, slept, and could signalize no consent."
Webster is in addition reproached to have violated on 4th May 2014 a second woman in the gulf view hotel in Naim in the Scotch highlands.
Judge Lady Rae scheduled the hearing into Edinburgh for the 17th November at the Uppermost Court
Moving-recollection of the very American ideal the industrial law as human rights
The congress representatives Keith Ellison and John Lewis brought in a law proposal in order to establish the organization of trade unions as some civil rights.
"So as trade unions die, die also the middle class jobs", Ellison said, a democrat from Minnesota and deputy chairperson of the Progressive Caucus in the congress.
Therefore I present proudly the employee authorization law together with the civil rights icon John Lewis.
This epoch-making law gives workers the same legal possibilities in the case of discrimination because of the organization of trade unions as with the case of other forms of the discrimination - and stops strengths in a so antiunion-related way stopped.
The supplement of the national industrial law law, around a possibility for exposed to a discrimination workers to the organization of a trade union representation to create, in order to complain before a civil court around justice - and in order to receive compensation or punishment money - a reasonable and necessary initiative is.
But it is not a radical initiative with security - anyway not according to American standards.
In fact the best kind and manner for the sense of what Ellison, Lewis and the further sponsors of their bill suggest is the connection back for a very American idea.
In spite of the setbacks to whom the trade unions were misfired in the last years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states in the whole country - Americans encouraged once countries in all world to acknowledging stretching and stopping industrial law.
There was a time which millions of Americans still remember, when this country mentioned democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the union right in a breath.
When Japan filled the United States after the Second World War, general Douglas Mac Arthur and his stick encouraged the country to adopting a constitution which is supposed to guarantee that the militarized autocracy Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full consciousness of that, that the workers and their trade unions during the creation of a new Japan took a role, they used a language that acknowledged explicitly that "the rights of the workers to union and common negotiating and action are guaranteed."
When the United States fill after the Second World War Germany, general Dwight David Eisenhower and his stick pushed the Germans, to write a constitution that would provide that that the fascism Adolf Hitlers would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact, that the workers would have to organize, and should rise their voice in the new nation, the Germans inserted a stipulation that testified explicitly: "The right to base unions around which Work and economical conditions to safeguard and to improve is guaranteed to every individual and every profession or trade.
To curtail it agreements that restrict this right or are aimed at that are zero and vain; measures being aimed at that are unlawful.
When the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the chairmanship about the International Human Rights Commission from which the General declaration of the human rights was projected as it was taken over in 1948 of the United Nations as a worldwide agreement Roosevelt and the other authors inserted a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form trade unions to the protection of his interests or to join them."
Since generations Americans accept the basic premise, that industrial law human rights are.
As this country other countries in this case advised as one can shape civilian and democratic societies Americans declared that the right to the foundation of a trade union must be protected - and on this trade union may participate in collective negotiations as an equivalent significant partner with enterprises and government places then.
After these rights is turned out into America under bombardment it in fact very points, to make clear the American ideal again, accordingly the working population the must be right, to unite and hearing to be provided with in a free and open society
How pastor Martin Luther King said Jr ones fifty years ago:
A splendid instructor is the history
Now they all know that the labor movement did not restrict the strength of the nation, but extended it.
Through the increase of the standard of living of millions of people work created a market in wondrous way for the industry and raised the entire nation to inconceivable production levels.
Those ones who attack the work forget these simple truths, but the history preserves it
The history remembers, and we should also do that.
The formal recognition the industrial law as human rights - and the enlargement of the protection of the civil rights as protection against discrimination during the creation of employee representations - is for a long time overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals which made America big in the past and kept the promise of democracy.
Richter stops law temporarily, that all abortion clinics could force in Louisiana for the closing
A US federal judge stopped on Sunday the conversion of a law into Louisiana, from which attorneys say that it would presumably have led to the closing of all five abortion clinics of the state, temporarily.
This measure which was raised by Bobby Jindal, governor of Louisiana, in June for the law and is supposed to come into force on 1st Sept. would force doctors who carry out abortions to gaining a reception admission right near a hospital within a radius of 30 miles around their practice.
The decision of the judge means, however, that the doctors keep on being able to carry on abortions legally temporarily while they are applying for such right.
"The complainants can weiterarbeiten law-consistently while they" are "making" an effort for the attainment of these rights, wrote federal judge John deGravelles in his judgment.
Within a month a hearing is scheduled for the judge in order to cause a lasting decision for the law.
Abortion proponents welcomed the decision, the youngest one in a series of judgments against similar measures and said that doctors would win so more time in order to attain hospital installation rights.
"Meant "the present decision that the women escape" in Louisiana" "an insidious law that wants to take their health and their rights from them", Nancy Northup, president and chairperson of the center for reproduction rights that had complained on behalf of three of the five clinics of the state in order to stop the law, said.
It was not immediately clear whether the judgment applied also to the doctors from the two clinics which had not followed the complaint and applied also installation rights at it.
Louisiana is to one of 11 states that enacted similar laws at which courts have declared recently such measures in Alabama and Mississippi for not constitution
Key places of a law in Texas, which would have forced most of the clinics remained in the state for the closing, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion proponent and the American college of Ostretricians and Gynecologists as well as the American Medical Association say matchingly that installation rights require unnecessary restrictions from doctors.
Abortion opponents object that that the measures are used for the protection of the health of the women although some welcomed also the effects of a closing of clinics.
Only a doctor that carries out abortions in Louisiana, proceeded above Patienteineinweiserechte, informed of the center for reproduction rights.
If all remaining doctors are forced in the state not to carry out any abortions anymore, this doctor would not carry out the operation anymore for fear around his security said the group.
During their argumentation against the judgment representatives of the Louisiana state said that they would not punish any doctors because of the realization of abortions during whom requests for Patienteneinweiserechte would still be pendant.
Delayed diagnoses and lacking access to the best treatment possibilities lead to higher death rates through ovary cancer in rural fields.
Angelina Jolie and their brother James set a Videohommage for their mother who passed away in 2007 at ovary cancer in an online way.
For women in the rural fields of Australia a higher risk exists, to die of ovary cancer, than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians with whom in 2005 ovary cancer was found, and stated that only 25 percent were still at the life five years according to the diagnosis.
The chief research officer Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research institutes said, that for those ones that lived in rural and remote regions of the state the mortality risk during the study lay about 20 percent higher than for those ones in town areas.
SMALL STUDY: New drugs could slow down pulmonary and ovary cancer
The researchers examined the medical care of the women more than seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman with the case of the diagnosis, the type of the ovary cancer, existing Vorerkrankungen as well as the social and economical status influenced also the survival chances.
For older woman and that one whose cancer had continued to the diagnosis time already further the survival rate was lowest.
For those ones that lived in rural and remote regions of the state the mortality risk lay during the study about 20 percent higher than for those ones in town areas.
Although the study did not examine, why outside of the city living women with higher probability at ovary cancer died, Dr. Jordan presumes a late diagnosis and the lacking access to the best treatment centers as possible factors for that.
"This illness is handled best by gynecological oncologists, and these are to be found mostly in bigger cities", she said.
In spite of the improvement of the telemedizinischen services in order to counter the distances with something she suggested a strengthening of the service of doctors flown in as possible remedy in order to give specialists the possibility to look after women more thickly at their place of residence as well as treatment programs for people outside of their region
Dr. Jordan said, that the study showed a bad long-term survival rate independently of the geographical status with women in the ovary cancer and underlined it the need for better treatment and provision strategies.
The study financed by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013 Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years of the gold coast, found out that she had an aggressive form of ovary cancer.
Garden centers regret sinking house-owner numbers
The drop together with an increasing sinking of the number of the house-owners under 35 years could provide, that garden centers zehntausende pound per annum lose if the present young consumers reach the "nuclear age-group for garden products" according to a study of the HTA, told as in the Financial Times.
The report says that tenants spend on the average 55 percent of the amount which people with freehold dwelling spend for their garden.
To asphalt the rise of people that live in highly urbanisierten areas without gardens, the popular procedure, front gardens to park purposes and further factors that threaten the branch in which estimated 5 billion £ are transformed annually in the sale are the sinking garden size.
In the London greater area in which over a period from 6 years the part of houseowners fell of 61 on 43 percent the least expenditure on garden products per budget becomes vermeldet.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society refer to living for the rent or small gardens not meaning that the people cannot grow any plants.
Guy Barter, chief garden consultant for the RHS said: "To container-gardeners is for example with tenants very popular because they can take along their plants at a move
The HTA-Bericht identified the period as the "golden age" of the garden retail trade due to increasing houseowner numbers and economical prosperity of the late 1980th ones up to the middle of the nineties in between 1997 and 2005.
It in addition predicted for this year an improved market situation because of the better weather according to unfriendly weather conditions in March and April of last year.
The protest movement mentioned by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the priest Tahirul Qadri in Pakistan goes on.
In the Islamabad capital about 1000 demonstrators stormed the state television broadcast station PTV.
Information minister Pervaiz Rashid said soldiers could have pushed the Protestierer again from PTV-building, however.
The sender stopped his company for about 40 minutes, sends meanwhile but again.
Simultaneously about 3000 demonstrators attempted to reach the residence from prime minister Nawaz Sharif.
About a kilometer away of that they gave collisions with security forces equippedly with sticks and stones.
The police used tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded Sharifs resignation this refuses that, however.
Meanwhile the army of the country admonishes to a political solution of the conflict "without wasting time and without using power
After a meeting in the headquarters at the Sunday evening the military informed: "Their role has the army obligedly to guarantee the security of the state".
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already more frequently geputscht.
The opposition politician prime minister Sharif reproaches Imran Khan to have cheated during the parliament choice of year last in May.
The protests had escalated at the weekend after khan and Qadri had appealed to their supporters for reaching Sharifs residence.
In this case three people had been killed.
Turkey appoints US diplomat because of espionage report
The Turkish foreign ministry of State sent for the service-oldest US diplomat of the country to information of a report about American and British espionage in Turkey.
Vizepremierminister Bülent said that the chargé d'affaires of the US message and Turkish officials had reviewed the report on Monday.
The German magazine of The Mirrors as well as the online magazine The Intercept announced, that those ones show from the former US analyst of the National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, that Turkey was a main activity field for the US American and British secret services.
According to information of Turkish news agencies the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan ran through the importance of the report and it said that all important countries ausspionierten themselves mutually
A former report, that also the most important secret service of Germany Ankara had in the visor, guaranteed for reactions of the Turkish government clearly more annoyed.
Token strike: Train drivers threaten with consequences for commuters
The nationwide token strike of the train drivers at the Monday evening could influence also the passenger traffic in NRW.
The strike announced for 18 to 21 o'clock affects all traffic societies, also the distance, regional and interurban train traffic, in a nationwide way,
The main punch direction of the token strike is the freight traffic.
Photo: A. Burgi/Archiv
the district chairperson of the trade union said Deutscher to engine driver (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Düsseldorf.
We reckon considerable failure rates.
There are not regional emphases.
The main punch direction of the token strike is the freight traffic.
The German railways in NRW announced to do everything in order to hold the effects in a as small way as possible.
The GDL, where she wants to strike did not say, however, to foresee the consequences actually so that it is heavy.
Police chief accused of the corruption by Magaluf
The prosecutors presented on Friday proofs of blackmails to the office of the public prosecutor of Majorca through policemen and employees of the city of Calvià.
The head of the police of Calvià on the Majorca vacation island was arrested after corruption reproaches by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious Binge-Drinking hot spot Magaluf.
Main superintendent José Antonio Navarro was taken after corruption reproaches against it by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street in which most bars and night clubs of Magaluf lie in remand in custody.
According to information of the online daily paper Majorca Diario put the prosecutors the office of the public prosecutor for corruption abatement of Majorca on Friday proofs of blackmails through policemen and employees of the city of Calvià in front of
Two more local policemen were arrested by the Spanish Guardia Civil in connection with the corruption reproaches and are consulted together with Navarro by a judge.
The national Spanish daily paper ABC told that the annoyed nightclub owners stated the nepotism of the authorities has fatal effects on their businesses
"It is not a question anymore of the money-earning, it is a question of the survival", one of the businessmen said to the court
Let our base of life from the game.
We do not have to lose anything.
Magaluf made international headlines in this summer due to a viral YouTube video, in which an 18 year old British tourist was shown that carried out at 24 men during a drinking-tour Fellatio.
The island authorities attempted since then to freeze the order-adverse behavior holiday-maker gotten drunk in Magaluf when the number of the participants in the notorious alcohol-soaked pub tours was minimized.
The Playhouse Club in whom the Fellatiovorfall occurred was forced for a year for the closing while Playhouse and the pub tour organizer Carnage are must pay together a punishment of 55,000 € (73.000 $).
The tourist place Magaluf that is popular before all with young British holiday-makers is known also for many accidents under alcohol influence, under that also the trend of the "Balconing" with the human being of a balcony on the other hand or of a balcony into the hotel pool jump.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions influences flights from the airport Adelaide
The SPRING brought a winter surprise to south Australia, with vehement showers and strong wind, which influenced flights from the airport Adelaide.
At the evening until 21 o'clock further 5mm of rain fell on the city, after 6,6mm which had come down already in the night to the Sunday.
The last fallout was the result of a row short, stormy shower, including a casting that began shortly before 20 o'clock and fallout guaranteed for almost 4mm in about 10 minutes.
After the winter had guaranteed for an early dose spring last week, the temperatures fell in the city on Monday only from 15,8°C again onto a peak value.
The gusty weather conditions probably led to the late landing of a flight from Virgin Airlines from Melbourne according to Adelaide.
The airplane would have shortly to 19.30 o'clock to be supposed to land, a cutting-wind met, however, - a sudden change of the wind speed or direction about a short distance - and had to durchstarten.
Blasts of wind reached about 50 k.p.h. to this time at the ground on the airport Adelaide.
The flight data showed that the airplane had to durchstarten also with the case of a second landing and came down finally at about instance 20.40 o'clock.
The flight delay led in the consequence to the delay of some other flights, including an emirate-flight from Dubai and a Quantas-Flugs from Sydney.
For Adelaide a maximum temperature is on Tuesday predicted by 16°C, with possible showers.
Matthies means: Highest time for the great cross-linking
Faced with the galloping technical progress that it threatens to change our comfortable into High-Tech control rooms home our columnist Bernd Matthies with some extremely familiar electronic accessories comforts himself.
While I am writing that here, my look falls onto the coiled cord which unites the listener with the telephone, and I think: Boah, as retro that is then?
But a consideration is behind that: If the cable was not, all listeners would fly around in shortest time in an abandoned way in the house, and that would be still significantly more retro.
Anyhow is valid on the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typographical error: electronic) sector the rule, that the world novelty is the electroscrap from today from tomorrow, bought - goes out of date.
And who has a tube television set for example today still in the living room, that one only says in this way that he refuses television fundamentally.
Why these considerations?
Because the pushing of the Ifa makes our absolute incompetence to us clear again at the radio tower in this week in questions of the electronics.
The layman who mastered formerly washing machine and CD Player blindly does not understand today even the purpose of the devices which are spread with incomprehensibly vain Expertensprech in front of it "Connected Home, Wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies" promise us the press office.
It still works?
Over what one is supposed to talk to people, the apparently voluntary such curd expand?
Basically it is a question for about 20 years particularly of our being supposed to cross-link our house most pleasingly.
So that the yogurt itself reorders itself so that the fire detector on vacation informs us on the Maldives that it burns in the study grad.
And it would not be wonderful, when we from the office the air-conditioning onto our quick arrival...?
Yes, however, an air-conditioning presupposes that.
But a dream is completely determined soon true: We lift our wristwatch say to her according to "Sucking!" - and at home the vacuum-cleaning-robot sets off.
Mad people.
Everything does not come to anything smaller than a revolution does: "The borders between white and brown product become blurred", a branch expert whispers, one can connect the washing machine with some headphones, who sends to steam the weather report and the data glasses indicate how long the pizza still needs in the oven, what, however, does not use anything because we stand in the jam.
From the daily practice we in addition know: If a fashionable device is once really needed urgently, is guaranteed the accumulator empty
What a further reason for that is that the coiled cord will survive also the next radio shows at the telephone.
Israeli children return after the war to their schools in Gaza
Dew senders of Israeli children from the fields near the Gaza Strip returned on Monday to the schools after they had spent the summer in air-raid shelters while missile and mortar bombardment was coming down onto their municipalities during the 50-day long war between Israel and the Hamas and they were remaining the schools in Gaza locked while the field was recovering from the fights.
The school start brought a feeling to the municipalities drawn from missile bullet-hole holes from joy and expectation in the south of Israel, but the signs of the fights are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod employees of the "Pashosh"-kindergarten which was hit by a missile removed shell splinters from the walls and shifting-walls before the arrival of the pupils.
"We are afraid a little, but we are excited", said Ronit Bart, resident in the Kibbutz Saad and nonlocal English teacher.
Many children from our area need urgently the return to a routine.
Your 11-year old daughter Shani Bart said it feels "a little funnily" suddenly again to go into the school.
"Those ones were difficult times, and we did not go at all from the house", she said.
President Reuven Rivlin went to the Kibbutz near the border to Gaza, in order to offer his support.
Until an armistice suspended the war last week thousands of inhabitants of the border municipalities as Saad in their houses stayed or their houses left in order to keep on moving into more secure areas away from Gaza and to escape the missile and mortar fire.
Many inhabitants of Nahal Oz, a municipality near the border to Gaza in which a 4-year old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar shell still hesitate with the return.
The Ministry of Education informed, about instance a dozen families is yet not returned.
Your children were placed temporarily in other schools.
A school in Sderot, a border town to Gaza, which is heavily drawn from the Palestinian bombardment visited prime minister Benjamin Netanjahu.
It appealed to the children, to learn a lot and said "we will provide that, that you gain knowledge and offer you security
Israel and Hamas agreed on the last Tuesday on an unbefristeteten armistice.
The truce guaranteed for an immediate end of the fights; important problems remain, however, unresolved, as the demand of the Hamas for a cancellation of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air and lake harbors in Gaza.
Israel demands a disarmament of the Hamas and the delivery of the corpses from two Israeli soldiers killed with the case of the fights.
A new round of indirect conversations will probably still begin in this month in Egypt.
In the war more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed, three quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children after estimates of the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies these information and reckons that it is a question of fighters with the case of at least half of the killed ones did not present, however, any concrete proofs of these information.
On Israeli page 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed, a Thai worker.
Hamas and other fighters in Gaza fired off 4,591 missiles and mortar shells during the fights onto Israeli cities, most in the south of the country.
Meanwhile the Israeli military led more than 5,000 Air- and other attacks through.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of houses in the Gazagebiet and about 250,000 people searched refuge that preliminary shelters were altered into in more than 100 UN schools.
While tens of thousands are keeping on living from people in the shelters and the fights lasting, the education authorities postponed last week the beginning of the school year.
"I hope, the school is soon again opened so that we keep on being able to learn so as the children in the world and the Jewish children", Mohammad Amara, a 13-year old boy that currently lives in a school in Gaza city, said.
After choice in Saxony: CDU-Vize Strobl sets NPD prohibition procedures into consideration
Faced with the voice losses of the NPD in Saxony CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl spoke out for an end of the running NPD prohibition procedure in front of the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl should find the running prohibition procedure's against the NPD in front of the Federal Constitutional Court an end.
"The NPD comes off worse than with the case of the last time", said Strobl that is also a CDU country leader in Baden-Württemberg, the "Leipziger nation newspaper".
That is a pleasant development into the correct direction and a development that makes me rather come to the result that one combats the NPD politically and not before the constitution court
The NPD had failed during the vote on Sunday very just because of the five-percent-hurdle.
A first run for a prohibition of the right-extreme party had failed in 2003 because the intelligence service had informants then also in the NPD-top
In December 2013 the Federal Council submitted after long preparation a new request into Karlsruhe.
Federal Government and Bundestag did not connect themselves.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At the new countries place are put refugees now in tents.
The Central initial incorporation for refugees in Harburg bursts from all joints.
Now the inside authority made three tents of the Red cross next to that be set up.
The district politicians were informed first shortly before - they are enthusiastic to little.
"These beating-jerk actions keep on stirring up reservations of the citizens and do not give the district politicians any possibility to participate in the humane accommodation of refugees constructively", says for instance Britta Herrmann, faction chairperson of the greens Party, in the Harburger district meeting
Your party demands that the district administration Harburg provides currently unused houses for the accommodation.
96 refugees can be placed in the three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the initial incorporation are the rush of seeking help - and the circumstance, that the authorities cannot provide places sufficiently in consequence facilities
Many refugees remain therefore longer than the regular three months.
The house prices experienced the strongest winter rise in seven years, a to a large extent observed index shows.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index for freehold dwellings in the Australian capital climbed in August around 1.1 percent, so the RP-data of the Monday.
Through this rise the total increase in June, July and August at 4.2 percent, of the greatest rise in the winter months since 2007 lies.
The annual price climb was enclosed 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the rise in the 12 months until August 2013, however, the rises were not regular above the country distributes.
The chief research officer of RP Data, Tim Lawless, informed that Sydney and Melbourne drive a two-part market.
The numbers of RP Data prove that the house prices went up into Sydney in the last year around 16.1 percent in Melbourne on the other hand around 11.7 percent.
Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, in whom the prices went up on the average around five and six percent, are the following markets.
Canberra is due to the other end of the scale, who was struck from the incisions with the case of state editions in a hard way and where the prices went up over the year only around 1.4 percent.
Mr Lawless who would subject the market "to a real test" passed on that with the beginning of spring for the next months a rise would be to be observed now near the real properties being for sale.
"When one considers the lasting high rate of the auction prices, a generally fast sales rate and that one lasting low interest surroundings the freehold dwelling prices are likely to climb in the next three months still further", he thought
In a comment onto the New Press it contradicts statements of the manager Peer Medau and certifies this to pose "as a commander".
The style of the college is not this, it is said in the communication
So the family Medau is already "verbal" To "Middle June about the unreasonable request of the college informed.
The statement that the plans became known only in July, are definitively wrong so Pötzl.
Simultaneously he refers to it not being a question of "Vorfestlegungen or decisions at all" with the case of the plans, however, there being "preferences".
Also the expansion of the narrow street, necessary for the access up to the castle is less dramatic than feared by the Medaus.
From a nine meters wide street was and it is not talked.
It is a question to present state of 5.50 meters, that is" a meter more widely than up to now," declared Pötzl.
The argument of the Medau-operators that their parking areas clear of all charges and school-own in future are used then only still by students of the college wants to make not be meant for Pötzl.
Zugeparkt does not become at all because that can be dissolved as at other public parking places in the meantime intelligently.
Think of the residents
The creche Bergwichtel that is on the ground and before whose entry door would lead along the access to the parking deck is not supposed to be influenced according to the university education president.
Rather it gives to consider "that it is not a question only of the creche here but also around the residents at the emptying to the Friedrich Streib street and the 800 pupils of the adjacent secondary school.
It is a question therefore of a lot more than of individual interests of the gentlemen Medau", so Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parent advisory board of the creche, with the expansion of the street would "disappear" to one of "the few natural spots Coburgs" entitled is, "the reader itself can decide".
At the beginning of October Pötzl wants to inform the town councils councillors together with the State Construction Office Bamberg of the structural development of the college to 2020 "and speak to the importance of the new development in this connection
Peer Medau had informed the parents of the creche of the plans of the college last week.
Accordingly should the access for the new parking deck not as up to now above the campus and the Friedrich Streib street, but over the Medau mountain lead.
In this way the narrow street would have to be extended on about instance a kilometer length in a two-lane way.
According to projections of the Medaus the traffic would verzehnfachen to Hohenfels in this way in the park of castle
Of about 2000 vehicles daily the speech is.
On the part of the city one did not want to comment up to now on the intention
Glandorf resigns from handball national team
Holger Glandorf will not play anymore for the DHB-team.
The 31-year long one of the Bundesligisten SG Flensburg-Handewitt mentioned particularly sanitary problems for this decision.
The decision was not easy for me, it matured over several months.
It is time for me to listen to the signals of my body and to end my career in the national team" informed the world champion of 2007 on his Facebook-page
It goes thus into the international retirement with a balance from 167 international matches and 576 gates for Germany.
Because the throw-tremendous moving room player wants to go from Flensburg for the champion-League-winner still some years on gate hunt, it is not available now to the new coach of the national team Dagur Sigurdsson anymore.
With the Icelander who announces his cadre on Tuesday for the international matches against Switzerland Glandorf led a "long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches inspired me just the same as they will inspire also my long-standing other players and my successors.
But for my club I would like to be available healthily also in the next years, for that longer regeneration pauses which the current double load does not approve are necessary.
The left-hander had had to fear quite his career end in 2012 according to a heel infection.
Because of Achilles tendon problems it had been able to be handled by team doctors of the German handball Federal Government (DHB) with a cortisone syringe that later a strong inflammation had activated.
An emergency operation and two more interventions followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a complaint against the team doctor, the quarrel ended with a comparison.
Twelve years Pro- and eleven years of national team career do not go past any body without a trace.
I have some sanitary construction sites which I cannot ignore anymore.
After the three infection-conditional foot operations that occurred in 2012 in short distances I have never gotten my blood pressure correctly into the grip.
To that some other wear-conditional complaints come.
Already at the beginning of the year I noticed that I can operate indeed my head, but" not "deceive" my body, declared Glandorf the magazine "Handball Time" in the interview.
For a comeback it would be prepared only in the absolute emergency.
"If all else fails, I am always conversation-ready", declared the twofold head of a family to the specialist magazine.
However, I can count the years in which I can still play handball at a hand.
I must also say that I became also quite humble after my long stay in hospital in 2012, which affects my health.
According to my career I would at least quite just like to be able to go.
Next to the WM title 2007 and the profit of the champions League 2014 it got 2008 (HSG north horn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo) the EHF cup.
In 2012 it safeguarded the Europe cup of the cup winners to itself furthermore with Flensburg.
German economy shrunk in the spring around 0.2 percent
The crises around the globe moderated the German economy in the second quarter.
The gross domestic product sank of April until end June 2014 in comparison with the Vorquartal around 0.2 percent.
That informed of the Statistical Federal Office and confirmed provisional calculations with that.
Only the consumption stimulated the economy in the spring while the investments were going back.
Also the foreign sale moderated the economic situation.
Thanks to the strong year prelude in total a BIP plus of 0.8 percent turns out for the first half-year opposite the second year half 2013.
The starting point and the objective of the "Münsterland-Mooiste" who led through the castle man city on Sunday for the first time was Horstmar.
The castle man city of Horstmar experienced on Sunday an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer".
The biggest cycle racing association of the Netherlands, NTFU, the so-called "Münsterlande-Mooiste" organized.
In this case handet it around the greatest bicycle tour right through the Münster country, the cyclist paradise approaches the Netherlands'.
More than 1000 participants thanked with their registration with Jos ter Huerne for the organization of this round trip through the Münster country.
Written out in different technical journals papers this tour was offered to interested ones.
We manage The Helder and went overnight in order to participate in this round trip.
We would like "to become" acquainted with the Münster country also in this way once nearer", the cyclists were pleased with the route through the circles stone ford, barks and Coesfeld.
After the registration in the association home of the shooter brotherhood Sta.
It went to Katharina onto a small "peace journey through the city about the rampart, where also the start occurred.
The route that was written out for three different categories in the direction kept on taking back gentleman wood above the Schöppinger mountain in direction Coesfeld and above Havixbeck and Bill heritage corner according to Horstmar.
Onto stretches of 95 kilometers with 1175 height meters, 120 kilometers with 1475 height meters and 145 kilometers with 1775 height meters the cyclists proved their good condition.
They were boarded on the way in Havixbeck and Bill heritage corner.
Main organizer Jos ter Huerne and mayor deputy Heinz Lölfing showed themselves to cycle racing events very delightedly about the success of this.
We are satisfied and it was a beautiful experience for all participants involved.
The organization proceeded without problems and there were not any negative incidents", Heinz Lölfing draws a positive upshot of this event.
Unfortunately as many participants did not come, as the organizer hopes hatte,was presumably at the bad forecasts and at the morgendlichen rain lay.
"We meet ourselves again in the year 2015 at it is to be hoped beautiful weather on 30th August or during another weekend", to come back to the Münster country, however, in spite of that again the cyclists promised and the organizers plan one reprint.
Konstantin Weckers ruthlessly honest memoirs
It is actually more philosophical report than biography, which brought Konstantin Wecker, singer-songwriter, pacifist, into "Monk and warrior" political-surely activist, ex-prisoner, on 287 pages to paper.
Not chronologically, but more thought shred for thought shreds the inhabitant of Munich born on 1st June 1947 wrote down his memoirs, introduced every chapter through a suitable song text.
And it is in this case ruthlessly honest: From the onanism as a Gymnasiast up to the shoplifting and drug consumption he does not skip any human weakness.
Also, in order to show how he learned even tolerance in the contact with his fellow men.
Take wide room also abstract, however the more important concepts one: Love, soul, ego, the existence in the Jetzt, spirituality - attempted to that all it onto the reason to go, in very philosophical, but also very much personal way
And it explains also his pacifism, his social criticism, his political engagement - and also, as only the music did not shape him (the opera lover became the Soul and skirt musician), but also his prison stay.
Latter familiarized also the ascetic monk that arises for "through subtraction" with the playboy Konstantin Wecker as he says "when one leaves out everything unnecessary".
Between all the highly-intellectual opinions there are, however, also short anecdotes for the derivation: about instance about fights in a restaurant frequented by GIs or a crazy drive in the case of which he aimed for a tree frontally.
Also there it is ruthlessly honest.
Lenny Henry: My father has never taken me into the arm.
Has said never "I love you"
Henry was one thing of seven children of a family of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in the year 1958.
His father that died when henry 19 was worked in a factory and their relation was restricted.
Henry rehearses for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, the partial one is based on an imaginary conversation with his father and arose from the series on radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But henry had to plow through some difficult childhood moments.
He visited "many" therapies after the death of his mother, and henry is thoughtful about his relationship to his father.
It was heavy to know it
One never saw his face, heard only his voice Stop with the crash.
Leave your sister in peace.
Move!
I want to look cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - that were already grown-up when I was a child - went with it into the pub and talked about things, as the form of the beer glass or the beauty of a cricket stroke.
I never had such a conversation with it
A majority of my life it this serious type in the corner that read the newspaper was.
Recently henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than at times of his father, nevertheless he gained an insight in how the life liked to have been for it
It is now a little brighter, but they are dark, verraucht, deep stygische labyrinths with flame punches and smoke and a lot of soot.
My father simply lay down formerly into the tub and then one could hear it slowly how he started singing because it could wash the foundry of themselves.
When I walked around there, I realized that he had done that for years in order to bring the food to the table, and my respect for it became greater.
Nevertheless Henry grew up as a child without love evidence of his parents.
My father never embraced me, he never said "I love you".
Only when my mother was feeling bad by the end of their life, we began, "I love you, I love you, I love" to say "you".
Through his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he could split up the love which he had missed as a child.
You could stop once with that "I love you"?
Nevertheless stop embracing me!
Daddy, I am 22!
with Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a splendid mother.
It is gotten used still with French with which it was married 25 years.
Dawn is a good human being.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a splendid mother.
Henries' own mother was a diabetic.
That contributed to their death.
When I therefore very much, very became overweight and symptoms of diabetes showed, my doctor said "You must be radical.
Therefore I pulled through this fitness thing and also a drastic diet had to do in order to reverse the symptoms.
It is very heavy.
And it is hard.
Nobody eats carrots gladly.
Maybe henries' career change is proved in his elegant, briefly cut beard.
Since it was praised by the critics for his Othello, it is vereinnahmt from the theater.
It The comedy of the errors, and then Fences of August Wilson followed.
That is another experience than the Sitcoms and comedies which filled his busy working life.
He began only with 16 years, when it worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered it on the stage, than he imitated persons and wrote to New Faces about it
His TV career began in the middle of the seventies. "I was the only black imitator/comedian on televison for a quite long time."
He learned in the profession.
I did not have to become tall only before the eyes of the public, but learn also from 1975 to 1985 how I could become an efficient Witze-Erzähl-Maschine while I was being a star through the television and that was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 with New Faces
There his manager the stage right at the Black and White Minstrel Show had, a light conversation program in which the people painted themselves black henry performed his Comedy there more than five years.
That was very unpleasant to my family.
I wanted somehow that it would never have happened, however, I do not regret that I did it.
It was a strange, unpleasant position for me, but I cooperated in giant projects and learned how one deals with a large public.
But this "prize-winning light column of the British watching television lasting for years was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
Through the introduction of figures, that the British black culture both mocked as celebrated, Henry worked in the eighties on an alternative Comedykreis.
The first row of the Lenny Henry Show went in 1984 on the air, and in the nineties it was among other things in the Comedyserie Chef as the chef de cuisine Gareth Blacklock! known.
Advertising documentaries, TV-series and reels of film shaped his next decade, but according to his BBC-series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought himself: "What you do as next, Len, because it feels so everything when you bring only the time for that or kick a little on the place."
After that a documentary series came for radio 4 with the title What's So Great About...?
The first consequence turned around Shakespeare.
On Shakespeare I was downright allergic.
I had never learned something about it correctly in the school and mainly held it for a domain of the middle class, whiteness, in tights and a cabbage in front in that.
Therefore I had great fear of that.
All that we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "You should try it once.
Do not make it bad if you do not know which you talk about.
Take a few of the words into the mouth, and then you will understand, why we all Shakespeare so dear.
Henry listed 20 lines from Othellos of last speech for the documentary and it was enthusiastic.
I had the feeling that I could create that.
It was almost as if somebody would have put me on the head correctly at last
"For that it works, it is a serious thing, take it seriously, learn your text, investigates a little.
The tests were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we did it.
And it was a success.
You splint a car accident expect, and that did simply not happen.
And soon it occurred in the comedy of the errors.
I was sudden in the national theater and I could hardly believe it.
Over there there was a moment when I thought "Oh, you changed."
There were a technical error and henry felt instinctively, that he must maintain the public.
"A small voice said to me "You must bridge 10 minutes now, while they are repairing the computer."
Instead of this the stage conductor announced that the idea would go on as soon as the problem is solved.
I went from the stage and something in me said "Oh, thank God".
I am not responsible for that.
I can leave that to somebody else.
You play in a play, therefore bleib in your role."
Henry in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
To learn the text for Fences was pretentious.
Panic is very good, that starches the tendons
Also that arrived well, it is therefore as a big label of the gods, who say to me "That is here your definition
He says this, natural with a THUNDERING voice
Therefore I persevere.
I really love that.
I love to be in a test room
Henry still has, however, the head of one comedian - our conversation is from humorous outbreaks pulled through, while he is imitating persons again and again.
I decided on not doing any Stand-up-Comedy because I think that this kind of the immediate satisfaction of a hall is somehow dangerous to full foreigner.
If one searches that continuously, one goes in this way before a wall.
I perform sometimes live in the Apollo if I fancy for this purpose, but in total it does not give to me so much as formerly.
I ask him whether it will ever do a Stand-up-Comedytour again.
The fun which I have in a room with a director which helps with shaping a beginning, a central part member and the end of a journey - I do not believe that I would ever like to give that up again.
Is that his new incarnation here therefore?
I already think.
I am gladly an actor.
It does fun.
One always tells a history and that is splendid.
I love histories
The people love histories
Huthi-rebels block streets in Yemen's capital
In the conflict between schiitischen Huthi-rebels and the Yemeni government the Huthis called for civilian disobedience in the Sanaa capital.
Huthi-supporters would have filled on Monday central streets in Sanaa, said a speaker of the Huthi-party "Ansar Allah".
Also the access to the parliament was blocked.
Yemeni media report about a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to information of the online-edition of the newspaper "Yemen Post" Huthi-leader Abdulmalik al-Huthi had called at the Sunday evening for the measures.
Huthi threatened according to information of the leaf with a further escalation of the conflict, if his demands should not be fulfilled.
The schiitischen Huthis fight for more independence of the Yemen sunnitisch ruled over and demand the resignation of the government.
The tribe of the Huthi is besieging for just two weeks the Yemeni capital.
About 30,000 rebels constructed protest warehouses at the big access roads from Sanaa.
In the surrounding area it results again and again in bloody fights with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registers officials in order to dam "Spirit employees"
Kenya began with registering all civil servants biometrically in order to put out "Spirit employees" from the payrolls of the government.
Employees that do not register in the next two weeks would not be paid anymore, a government communication said.
The government presumes that thousands of persons still receive payments of salary also after their departure from the public service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised with the case of his assumption of office in 2013 to oppose corruption in the public service.
With the case of an examination at the beginning this year's was found that at least 1 million $ (700,000 £) monthly disappeared at payments for "Spirit employees" and through other improper finance practices.
The government presumes that salaries keep on being paid on accounts after a person died or leaves the public service, tells Wanyama Chebusiri for that one of BBC from the Nairobi capital.
All officials must appear now in the next two weeks near identification centers, in order to guarantee that their data are incorporated about the biometrical registrations, people communicated in a government information
All, that this not without a plausible excuse would do deleted by the payroll, the communication kept on saying.
"The rationalization of the public service is contributed" to "by this procedure essential, when the actual number of the officials is found and is settled also the payroll on both government levels - so the "spirit employees" are "eliminated", Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary, said in the ministry of decentralization and planning".
The scandal around the art consultant Helge Achenbach is discussed on 11th November for the first time in court court.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of the Aldi-founder Theo Albrecht, demand in a suit at the Düsseldorf District Court court 19.4 million euros of compensation from Achenbach and two of his enterprises which are in insolvency procedures.
A court speaker informed of that on Monday.
In the plaint it is called Achenbach cheated during the purchase from works of art and old-timers and Berthold Albrecht higher than in fact paid purchase prices calculates.
Through that also the agreed commission turned out more highly.
Achenbach bought articles of value for 121 million euros for Albrecht.
Children need roots and wings
44 years it was in the teaching profession, of that 23 as headmasters.
From this time Manfred Richter knows many stood Petershausener and Kollbacher from their time as pupils.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, however, always taken from his aspiration to see the human being in the pupil.
The Schneekoppe is the best known mountain of the giant mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the motive from his home.
Richter was born in 1930 in Trautenau/north Bohemias, today Trutnov.
Already with 14 he was interested in the teacher profession after four years of high school.
A year after that the Sudeten German ones were expropriated.
Within half an hour the family had to leave their house.
After some months in a warehouse it went in 1946 to Bavaria - in the good freight car carriage.
So it brought judges into the upper-Franconian depression village.
The teacher education occurred in Bamberg.
For this purpose Manfred Richter six times weekly had to run ten kilometers to the next railway station, go going with the railways according to Bamberg, there three kilometers crossways through the whole city to the school and in the evening back.
After two months Manfred Richter got a sleep occasion in a red-cross-home in Bamberg: together with up to 15 schoolmates in a sleep hall.
In 1951 it did teaching position candidate the first and in 1954 after three years the second state examination.
Since Oberfranken did not have any free teacher place for it he applied after upper Bavarians and came on 1st November 1954 onto the school in Kollbach.
The "young woman room" was his first "official residence" in the school building.
In 1958 he got a three room official residence in the again built teacher house next to the school.
Manfred Richter bought this house in 1980 after the school had been solved in Kollbach 1968.
Until then there were three classes in Kollbach in the school association Petershausen-Kollbach and in Peter beluga five.
From the school year 1968/69 these were summarized in Peter beluga in the present city hall.
When the school association Indian village was based, only still the elementary school stayed in the place.
In order to escape a moving-graduation in the now smaller school, the former rector Georg Sigl changed according to Karlsfeld - and Manfred Richter became his successor.
However, Peter beluga increased, and so the children and their teachers from September 1982 could get the present construction which was expanded in 1997 after Richters superannuation.
Manfred Richter praises the simple generosity of the former mayor Ludwig Götz, that additional on municipality costs a craft room and build 1997 cellar rooms during the enlargement made although that was not subsidy-capable to the guidelines for school constructions
"Mayor Götz was very school-friendly", remembered judge thankfully.
In his whole career Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech contribution of a government representative which had answered a paper of a school council on right and justice: "One must never forget the love". Manfred Richter transformed, what it had belonged to there as a young teacher.
"One must give the children two kinds: Roots and wings", the today 84-year long one says.
And he had to find out: "That does always not succeed". Whether it means only his pupils or just the same his own six children there is not very clear.
Always Richters actions were sometimes unconventional.
If pupils fought, they did not get a punishment work from it and did not become either the Nachsitzen verdonnert.
At the expense of the municipality Richter had made buy two pairs of boxing gloves and made the two opponents be lined up against each other even if there should be once in this case a violet.
For the welfare of the school Richter maintained a good relation to the former mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU) as a rector.
This convinced the independent judge of that after his superannuation, 1996 at least than last to run for the district council on the CSU list.
However Richter was dialed on place six and the CSU joined.
180 kilometers in three days
HR4 BICYCLE TOUR 700 cyclists insert salt beluga and Schotten pauses in the spa gardens from bath
If cyclists do break to salt beluga or bulkheads on their tour in Bad, that is not anything special at itself.
On Friday, however, only the number of the resting ones did impression: The 700 participants of the hr4 bicycle tour along with accompanying-train enjoyed a pause in the lower spa gardens of bath salt beluga and later a party in the open in the Schottener old man castle park.
Under the motto "Radeln and celebrate on neu entdeckten ways between Nidda and Kinzig" the participants in the Thursday had met in bath Vilbel and lived through a concert there from Van Baker & volume.
On Friday it became serious: The cyclists took the first stage, the 60 kilometers above pile city to bath salt beluga and wider to bulkheads in attack.
In bath salt beluga the sportsmen of mayor Hans-Peter Seum that had started Vilbel by bike in bath, and the head of the own company bath were welcomed salt beluga, Petra Schwing-Döring.
To the refreshment of body and spirit various kinds had been prepared at good things: The countrywomen from Ranstadt and Nieder-Mockstadt had baked 85 sheet metals Apple-, Plum- Streusel- and cheesecakes that the capable cyclists liked wonderfully.
"Only countrywomen can bake such cakes", praised from Aulendiebach a participant while he was ordering a further small piece.
At the drink state of the turn association Geiß-Nidda cold refreshments could be bought.
The "duet bravo" amused the visitors with known melodies from operettas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful ambience of the park seemed releasing.
A gentleman enjoyed furthermore a head massage of his partner: "He earned that one, finally he attached bike chains today already jumped off again".
Meanwhile the mayor and the works manager still had to work: You were interviewed by reporter Rainer Janke at the well in front of the drinking health resort and took the opportunity for advertising Bad salt beluga in the radio.
Also graduation leader Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 bicycle tour 2004 as tour conductors in this case, could rest only shortly, nevertheless he had to do on site plenty with the technique
His Pickup-Truck in which it communicated with his employees and the 15-headed motorcycle relay of the Hesse police by means of three telephones and a radio equipment, wrote Facebook-entries and did reportages commentaries needed also a check.
"The majority of the participants comes from the Rhine main field", he told, "nevertheless also from Gießen or Fulda, from clear creek or the Taunus and even from numerous cities in Westphalia cyclists arrived.
The number of subscribers follows the available overnight stay capacities a little.
In category I the participants are placed in hotels, in category II, in collecting-accommodations.
From the health resort the cyclists had broken open a good impression, als sie after one Give Time to Pay again: "Bye!"
"It was beautiful in bath salt beluga"! they beckoned for the departure.
According to the arrival in bulkheads the group was allowed to insert a short break.
But at the evening the cyclists were demanded in the idyllic old man castle park.
Under the direction of the Schottener society for tourism and city marketing (GTS) the park had received a beautiful celebration ambience and of course one had titbits, about instance blazing-cake with well chilled feather-white, prepared.
Mayoress Susanne Schaab, GTS manager Markus Hoßfeld and MSC chairperson of Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his function as a board member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The Three showed themselves visibly delightedly over that "of a lot company in bulkheads".
DJ Tobias Hagen cleared afterwards the dance stage.
The occasion for the swing-full moving in the open was used in spite of the sporting activity on the bike eagerly.
Under the guests citizens that were just as caused from the good atmosphere as the big crowd of the cyclists mixed increasingly.
On the second day the stations Birstein, guardian creek and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - stood for the cyclists on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometers cycling's, the sportsmen arrived again in bath Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish policemen arrested because of "conspiracy" against the government
In total 33 policemen were arrested in Turkey due to the suspicion of the "conspiracy against the government", announce local media agencies.
The police did not give any immediate comment.
14 hochrangige policemen are among the arrested ones, announces Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were, four government ministers in last December shared under that, at the corruption investigations against government employees.
In July a row was arrested by Turkish policemen because they had supposedly based an organized criminal union and tapped telephone numbers.
The Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan (that then was a prime minister) described their procedure as a part of the activities that liquid manure is mentioned by the Islamic priest Fethulla against it and other persons in power positions.
Not all children in Ukraine return to the school
Schools almost everywhere in Ukraine opened on Monday (1. September) after the summer vacations.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and as thousands of other Ukrainian parents prime minister Arsenij Jazenjuk brought his daughter into the school.
There it informed waiting journalists that all schools had not opened again, that it however, is decided to defend the country for future generations:
The September celebrations were not kept off in every school.
The sky is not peaceful everywhere above Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky
The entire Ukraine, a gigantic common Ukrainian popular front must fight for a peaceful sky
Visited Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slawjansk, the Jazenjuks daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope for there being peace here at last again and the children receiving an education which will be useful to them in the further life.
The first school day of the new school year at which the children wear embroidered shirts, hold them for balloons in the hands and give them to their teachers flowers is celebrated traditionally.
With Rona Fairhead the BBC found maybe the splendid director who she needs.
It arrives with a proud fame train from the bank world, the media management and the internal circle of the Tory-party.
And she has own front experience.
Your career began with the case of the worldwide management consulting company Bain and Co., on which she changed ICI and the media world to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, from Pearsons.
She was for seven years an executive board chairperson of the Financial Times and resigned when the uppermost post of the mother enterprise Pearsons went onto a younger masculine colleague.
Your compensation was supposedly almost 1 million £.
Also their political ranking is sound.
She was recommended David Cameron of lord Browne to the former chairperson of bp than this searched for more private-economical knowledge in Whitehall: she became the adviser of the cabinet.
Your husband is a former Tory councilor.
Already in May I described the task of the chairperson with a poisoned cup.
Only the BBC does not stand as a gigantic and complex unit in the heart of the public life, but there is also an internal paradox in his structure.
The confidence works in two directions: towards inside onto the first guard of the own management hierarchy in the BBC, however also to the outside as a voice of public concern and noise if the things work wrongly.
That guarantees for an almost untenable Duopol that demands after a complete comprehensive reform.
But which again incoming chairperson would risk to line up, to hit everything and to take apart an institution which is as complex as a Chinese dynasty while even maybe he is depriving himself of his job in this case.
It is a difficult task.
And as if that were not already enough, also still many are at that interested - power, money and status overtakes.
While the competition is coming closer and new technologies are threatening old, comfortable securities the pending negotiations of the royalties are joined with special dangers for the BBC.
For the modest sum of 145.50 £ per annum the British public buys into the certainly largest media enterprise of the world.
The BBC tells a good history she says that it reaches 96 percent of all budgets and costs only 40 pence to each of them per day.
And apparently the BBC climbs on the popularity scale up again: 53 percent support her today, in comparison with 31 percent 10 years ago.
The seeing and use habits for the BBC changed: I get nowadays information headlines on my mobile and see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very loved and considerable institution.
She needs a considerable chairperson - I hope, she found it
Perry from Texas says that reducing tweet was not authorized
A tweet of the official user account of the republican governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a reducing remark on the democratic district state attorney that stands in the center of a legal accusation against it because of abuse of the office power
The tweet was put out later and user account was compensated for it by another from Perrys who denied the previous one.
Just a tweet which was not authorized by me was sent from my account.
"I do not approve of the tweet and deleted it", it was said in the later information
Employees of Perry did not answer inquiries for comments immediately.
Although the tweets of Perrys went out official user account, it was not clear who in fact helps himself the Feed.
In the former tweet a disadvantageous picture was drawn of the district state attorney of Travis county, Rosemary Lehmberg that was condemned in April 2013 because of drunken driving.
Perry inserted a veto against a financial promotion of their office when she refused to resign which led into Austin for an accusation against Perry - who could be a premiership candidate possibly in 2016 - in front of a gravel jury this month.
The text of the tweet says: "I do not go always drankly with the triple permissible alcohol mirror ... however if I do it, I governor Perry accuse if he blabs it out."
I am the drunk democrat in Texas.
Lehmbergs office was not the gravel jury with the management about the investigation against Perry entrusts.
This was led to a special public prosecutor from Michael McCrum from San Antonio, who was selected by a republican judge.
Perry pleads on not guilty and the accusation named a political trick.
His highly class team of legal advisers applied with the judge entrusted with the case, to reject the accusation and argued, that the law with which against the service-oldest governor in the history of the Texas state is proceeded is unverfassungsgemäß diffuse.
Perry stopped 7.5 million $ of state money onto the Public Integrity Unit of the state - that is resident to County in Travis and investigates cases of state corruption in Texas - than Lehmberg refused to resign.
This veto guaranteed for a public complaint on the part of a left watchdog-group.
Perrys official user account is updated frequent - and sometimes famous.
After it had closed with the case of the election meetings in Iowa during his premiership candidacy 2012 as Fifth, Perry understood on speculations that it will stop in his posting a tweet of a photo of themselves while jogging near a lake with the words "South Carolina, we come"!
Berkeley declares housing market as "normal" again
One of the most prominent building contractors of London referred to the housing market "returning" in the southeast of England again to normal level.
Freehold dwellings in the the capital were sought after hot and object of enormous price climbs, what persuaded the bank from England due to the widespread fear of a credit bubble to setting upper limits in June for mortgage credits.
To Tony Pidgley, to Gründer and to executive board chairperson of the highly class building contractor Berkeley said on Monday: "Since beginning of the current finance year the market has returned again to normal transaction levels since the highest level 2013" and added that this offers some "stable action surroundings
The property market in London was during the downturn well stationed since foreign buyers rushed towards the capital.
According to information of the land-registry the prices went up around 18.5 percent in the town area alone in the last year suddenly, far more than the average rise in England and Wales in total.
The average sale prices at Berkeleys private, economical and studentischen offers climbed around approximately a fifth in the lasted year and lay at the end of April around the 423,000 £.
A stronger pound made however, real property property attractive in the last months in London for foreign buyers less - some of them were deterred also by the introduction of new real property taxes and political rhetoric around a possible "Villensteuer" in front of the general elections in coming May.
The London estate agent Foxtons warned in the last week against the mortgage market report leading also to smaller market growth for April in which sharper granting of credit regulations were presented in the second year half both with the case of the real property sale and with the case of the prices.
New data of the bank of England of the Monday show a drop during the mortgage approval in July, what indicates the property market also cooling off.
Hamptions International, another real property agency, corrected his prediction for the rise of the real property prices in London for 2015 down on 3 percent, on the basis of an already now schwächelnden house price consciousness.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington year went back in the meantime about a quarter for year, according to the broker WA Ellis.
Nevertheless the wish is a blessing to a freehold dwelling in the capital for Berkeley since the due amounts amount to more than 2.2 billion £ for appointment sales.
Mr Pidgley added: "The demand for the correct, well planned product at the best locations remained stable and as a result also the appointment sales remained stable."
In June the enterprise told that it had sold 3,742 new freehold dwellings in the year until end of April - almost a third more than to the highest level 2007 in front of the crisis.
The annual input tax result changed annually 40 percent onto 280 million £, the turnover about 18 percent on 1.6 billion £.
In a communication on Monday in front of the year meeting of the enterprise Mr Pidgley said that the gains would probably comply with the present market expectations for Berkeley in the current year.
The analysts estimate matchingly the annual input tax result at 450 million £.
Berkeley-stocks stood in the afternoon fixed in the London trade at 23.96 £.
Naked photos published from Jennifer Lawrence through hacker in the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence Auftritt at the 85th Oscarverleihung.
Naked photos of the Oscarpreisträgerin Jennifer Lawrence were published by a hacker that said to have a "master list" of pictures of further 100 starlets online.
A representative of the star from "the tolls of Panem" confirmed, that the photos of Lawrence are really and accused the hacker of "striking injury of the privacy".
The authorities were informed and will pursue all those ones who post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos which were posted initially on the photo-sharing-page 4chan were gotten supposedly by Apple through a gap in the online storage system iCloud. The alleged "master list" of the Hackingopfer covers the names Dutzender of feminine stars, BuzzFeed told to Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-cottage Olsen, under that.
It is not secure how many of the pictures are really although Winstead condemned, star from "Scott Pilgrim against the rest of the world" on Twitter also the Hack.
"Onto those ones of you that photos that my husband and I received before years in the private environment of our house look at themselves - I hope, you are so correctly satisfied with you, Winstead wrote on Twitter".
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied, however, that it is a question of pictures of it at the photos and tweetete "These so-called naked pictures of me are FORGED, people.
Nevertheless let's fight once now the beginnings. *Wortspiel beabsichtigt*.
Buzzfeed told on the late Sunday that a speaker of the pop star Ariana grandee denied the genuineness of the alleged photos of it
Exclusive departure from new novel highly vowed to Howard Jacobsons about love and the letter "J".
Run you, one could describe it best so, they dispersed slowly as a cardboard which one has in the rain leave.
Sometimes a woman told to him, it is too serious, hard, intense distanziert and maybe a little snappish.
And the hand shook to him then.
Snappishly he knew.
It was prickly, as in hedgehogs, yes.
The last victim of this Stacheligkeit was a just beginning affair which had been more promising for a relief of the secluded boredom of his life than else, and maybe would have brought him even a certain contentment.
Ailinn Solomons was a tremblingly tender beauty with uncurbed hairs and a fluttering heart from a village on the north island which was even even remoter and rougher than port Reuben.
It had come to south with an older company that held Kevern for their aunt, and that had inherited a plot in a moist but paradisiac valley with the apt name Paradise Valley.
Over several years nobody had lived in the house.
The tubes were leaky, in the baths spiders were still, slugs had left behind their tracks on all windows and believed, that all belongs to them, and the garden was with weed practiced grown-up, that looked like gigantic cabbages.
It was a garden of full secrets as the house from a child fairy tale, both alarming and enticing.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" on the Longlist for that one stands One Booker price 2014.
The short cunning is announced in the coming week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn händchenhaltend on the broken beach chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon. Both had latched themselves absentmindedly into the service console that supplied the country with calming music and calming news when the sight of their crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song of a for a long time forgotten black entertainer which his father had listened to gladly near closed rolling shutters in the house.
Your feet are too large.
Due to their ureigenen aggressivity songs of this kind were not played anymore on the console.
Not forbidden - nothingness was so correctly prohibited - not played simply.
It became successfully obsolesziert, so as the word obsoleszieren.
The general taste created, what decrees and rules would never have created, and choose the Vom plate scrubber zum-millionaire-memoirs, cookery books and love novels as the people at books, so they chose with the case of the music the ballads.
In the euphoria of the day began to play Kevern an imaginary piano and to record on large feet in a coarse-funny serenade Ailinns.
Ailinn did not understand that.
"That was a known song of a jazz pianist by the name of Fats Waller", it declared her and laid automatically two fingers onto his lips.
His father had always done that in order to stop the letter J before his coming from his mouth.
It had begun as a game between it and his father when it was still small.
His father had played it with his own father, so it had told.
If you begin a word with a J without putting two fingers over your lips, it costs you a penny.
It had not been already a very merry game then, and it was not also now very merry.
He knew, which this was expected by him, that was everything.
It had to be declared what jazz was.
To which ones Ailinn had never yet belonged.
Jazz was not played even if it was not directly forbidden.
The improvising was not more modern.
It was only place for an only "when" in the life.
The people wanted to be sure at the beginning of a melody, where it would end.
In the same way the intelligence.
His Unvorhersehbarkeit made the people nervous.
And jazz was musically expressed intelligence.
Although he had become 10 years old without having heard about Sammy Davis junior, knew Kevern a little about jazz of that one half secret collection old CDs' of his father.
However, at least it did not have to declare Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
In their age she could not remember presumably a time in which pop singers were not black.
Again was valid, no laws or compulsions
A consistent society meant, that every element of this society agreed thankful the principle of the group talent - thankfully as the ones spared to from the fate.
People with afro-Caribbean origin were suitable through temperament and build for conversation and sport, therefore they sang and they ran.
People who came from the Indian subcontinent initially were blessed as of the nature with electronic talent and were looked after with the task of guaranteeing that no family without functioning engineer's order wire unit telephone stayed.
What was still remaining from the Polish community cared around the canalization; what was remaining from the Greeks smashed plates.
Those ones from the Gulf States and the Levante, whose grandparents had not left the country quickly than WHAT HAD HAPPENED, IF IT HAD HAPPENED happen- for fear, to be accused of fire poke, for fear even, that they would consume the flames as next - had held Labneh- and revealed to Shisha whistle restaurants,themselves considers and became with the idleness depressive.
Everyone according to his abilities
Since she had heard only ballads, it was difficult for Ailinn to understand how the offensive words could ever be vertont that had just vorgesungen her Kevern.
Music was expression of love.
"Those ones are not really offensive", said to Kevern.
Except for maybe for people whose feet are too large.
My father has never offended somebody, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him the treacherous feeling of security
The sound absorption of the gigantic cabbage-like leaves could not overcome anything.
Ailinn did still not understand.
Why your father should have loved something like that?
He wanted to say that it was a joke, hesitated, however, with laying two fingers again onto the lips in their present
She thought anyhow already that it was a little strange.
"It appeared merry to him", he said instead of this.
It joggled unbelievingly their head and obstructed Keverns view
It did not admit anything else on the whole world see, as their uncombed raven hair.
There was not Anything which otherwise he would have wanted to see.
"If you say it", she thinks without conviction.
But that does not declare why you vorsingst it to me yet.
It seemed honestly worried.
Are my feet too large?
He looked once again there.
Your feet so directly not.
Maybe your ankles a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course I do not hate you.
Nevertheless that is only the stupid song.
It could have said "I love you", but for that it was still too early.
"Your thick ankles are exactly the reason why I like you", he attempted it instead of this.
I am a little perverted there.
That did not ring correctly.
It had been supposed to be funny.
If he attempted to be funny, he often in trouble killed himself, because it did not have as his father the calming Charm that one needed in order to control the cruelty inherent in jokes.
Maybe his father wanted to be also cruel.
Maybe he of Kevern wanted, that be.
In spite of his friendly eyes.
Ailinn Solomons became red and rose from their beach chair, overturned the console and spilled the wine which they had drunk.
Elder flower wine, therefore drunkenness was not an excuse for it
In their excitement it seemed to tremble, as palm fronds in the storm
"And your stubborn person is exactly the reason why I feel perverted drawn to you", it said...
Except for, that I am not that at all.
He was sorry about it both because of the unnecessary unfriendliness of his words as also the fear that was proved in their eyes when she revolted against it
Did she think that he would beat it
It had not told him about the life on the cold northern archipelago, where she had grown up, but he did not have any doubts that it was like this basically as here.
The same gigantic and icy-cold ocean broke to itself here as there at the shore
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and more peevish after THAT WHAT HAD HAPPENED than their ancestors had been as smugglers and beach robbers, drew from pub to pub, always ready to raise the hand against a woman, who refused them or verlachte.
Stubborn person?
Those ones would have shown her a thick fist if she did not look out!
You first smooch - Smooching was the most frequently used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote for the meaningless love ballads from the console - with her first smooch and beat then.
According to Keverns opinion that was an unnecessary refinement since the smooching represented even already an act of the power
Ailinn Solomons admitted a sign to him through their body go.
It rose from the beach chair as an old man.
She felt also leaden, but the impact of his grief surprised her.
That was not the end of the world.
Nevertheless you hardly knew yourself.
She watched to him, as he left - so as from a room in the upper stick their companion watched him during that - a man, burdened by something that he himself had caused.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for it and men in general, although some their hands against them had risen.
A man turned away from it bent his back, abashed, conquer, without fighting spirit - why that was a sight that it seemed good to know, when they could remember nevertheless not onto an only time, at which she had seen something like that before the present day already once?
When it was again alone, Ailinn Solomons looked at their feet.
Many years in front of the just told incidents Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year old researcher worked on a short lecture on the consecutive power in the task of Ofnow, the nonlegislative monitoring control for the public atmosphere, on low and middle level in exactly the regions, in which to expect their decrease, if not abolition, at the ehesten are been, in view of the money and energy that the extermination of this power had been invested in.
"It was done already a lot, and a lot must still be done", she wrote "in order to soothe the innate aggressivity of a nation that led a thousand wars and won most of them in particular in the remote corners and valleys of the country in which the sweet breath of human friendliness was verspürt seen historical in spite of the church towers rising highly between the rears rarely.
But some properties turn out as ineradicable.
The higher the church tower, it seems like this, the passion in a the smaller way that it keeps on waking.
The population cries during the hearing of sentimental ballads, intoxicates with histories about overcome difficulties and claimed to believe in the virtues of marriage and family lives firmly, however, nevertheless only the former brutality does not hold the rural municipalities just the same as our urban structures do in the hand, but there are also proofs for the origin of a new and insidious belligerence at home, at the job, on the streets and even on the grounds.
"You have an unhappy tendency towards the exaggeration", thought their mentor when he had read the whole report.
I suggest that you read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum bowed their head.
I must also ask: are you an atheist?
"I believe, I do not have "to say" that, Esme Nussbaum answered.
Are you lesbian?
Again Esme referred onto their right to privacy and refusal of the statement
Feminist?
Again silence.
"I do not ask that," finally Luther Rabinowitz said "because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
That here an unprejudiced job is.
An unprejudiced society uses us.
However, specific kinds of hypersensitivity that are completely acceptable and praiseworthy at themselves can distort on the occasion of results as you introduced it
You yourself have prejudices obviously against the church, and these things which you refer to as "insidious" and "raw" strength and vitality could be interpreted by others just as well than expression of one of course.
When one rides out wider on the, WHAT HAPPENED IF IT HAS HAPPENED as if it would have happened yesterday if it had happened means, to take his essential vitality the country.
Esme Nussbaum looked around while Rabinowitz was speaking.
Repeated behind his head a LED lettering in flamingo pink the advice, that Ofnow the country in the last quarter century or longer had given.
You smile at their neighbor, wertschätzen you you visit their partner, you hear ballads, musicals, you use their telephone, speak you hear, you declare, you excusing too, you vote too, you.
Speaking is better than silence is, the sung word is better than the written one is, but nothing is better than love is.
"I completely understand on what you want out", Esme Nussbaum with quiet voice answered, als sie secure was, that their superior to end had spoken, "and I do not say anything else than that we did not cure as effectively as we show ourselves ourselves yet.
My concern lies in our recovering ourselves possibly without prior warning at how we repeat the errors that anyway first to THAT WHAT HAPPENED, IF IT HAS HAPPENED led.
This time the others at whom we skip our rage and our distrust are not it, however.
Luther Rabinowitz shaped a pyramid with the hands.
Around in this way a patience of Job point out.
"You go too far", he said "if you refer to actions" as "errors which our grandparents maybe or neither committed".
You go also too far if you speak of that that these their "rage" and their "Distrusting" at "others" would have let out.
It should not be actually necessary, somebody in your position at that remember, that we with the case of the sense of the past as with the case of the protection of the present not speak of "us" and "others".
There was no "we" and there were not any "else".
It was a time of the disorder that is all which we know.
"Of that one if we are honest to ourselves ourselves" dared to throw in Esme, "to have behaved well, "no part of the society can claim.
I do not accuse anybody.
Whether it badly or well what happened was done is happen.
That was then.
More does not have to be said with regard to that anything - there we agree agreed to ourselves.
And exactly as no fault has to be assigned, so also no fault has to be paid off if such deletion would be appropriate and if it would give a way to wipe it out.
But for what the past is used if we do not learn from that -
The past is used for our forgetting it
If I may say something with regard to that -
Luther Rabinowitz made his pyramid tumble down.
"I will consider their report", he said and released her.
On the next day, when it went as usual to the work it was run over by a motorcyclist who had gone onto the footpath, described as passers-by, in a kind of "brutal rage".
There are coincidences.
Lesotho military member says that no coup is planned; Prime minister stays in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho denied, to have planned a coup for the fall of the government and said that they proceeded against policemen that are reproached for the armament of political fanatics.
Prime minister Thomas Thabane fled from the country and informed that the army of the country surrounded his office residence and filled government buildings in the Maseru capital.
The prime minister brought his family into the bordering South Africa after he had reported about assassination attempt threats.
Military speaker major Ntlele Ntoi said that there is not de facto any coup, that, however, the military reacts to the threat through "political fanatics" whose armament approached through the police.
"What this morning happened was that the stick of the defense strengths of Lesotho acted after he had received several secret service reports that within the police some elements act that in fact some of the political, party-political young fanatics that shortly before stood wanted to arm to cause disastrous damage", he said opposite Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military action did the impression of an overthrow.
"Even if nobody has said to have torn the government through power at himself all reports about that are agreed that the activities of the defense strengths show signs up to now from Lesotho for a coup", said it
Speakers of the military of Lesotho informed on Sunday that the soldiers would pull themselves back into their barracks and the situation is quiet in the capital.
In the meantime the vice prime minister Mothetjoya Metsing takes the government leadership during Thabanes absence.
Thabane informed that he believes, he became the target because of his attempt to oppose the corruption in the country.
In Lesotho there were since June great tensions after Thabane misfired sitting of parliament due to the quarrels in his unit government.
He said his actions would not have undermined the government differently saying accusations zum Trotz.
Production in the euro zone on a 13-month-depression
The rise during the production in the euro zone slowed itself down in August onto the lowest point of the last 13 months, such an exactly observed study with.
The final Markit Einkaufsmanagerindex of the producing trade (PMI) fell in August on 50.7 in, to a state of 51.8 in in July.
A specification over 50 indicates an expansion.
New tasks went back and factories experienced burglaries of tensions increasing in a time between the EU and Russia about Ukraine.
The numbers occur before the meeting of the European central bank (EZB) on Thursday.
The markets expect a clear plan from the bank only of 0.3% for the contact with a hesitating recovery of the euro zone as well as deflation threatening for that one with the case of an inflation rate.
It gives to speculations to the conductor of the EZB, Mario Draghi, being able to give further information during this week whether it takes a quantitative relief into account for the euro zone according to that one which were carried out by Great Britain and the USA during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth at all, the effects of the increasing economical and geopolitical insecurities for the manufacturers slowing down became clearer", said Rob Dobson, leading economist, at Markit.
The Fabrik-PMI for Germany, the tallest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell onto the deepest state in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime the PMI fell on 46.9 in the second-largest economic nation of the block, France.
France remains a worry child, as also the descent of Italy from a sound expansion to the stagnation.
Tips on growth stimuli not gripping in the key industry mechanism Germany as well as in Spain and the Netherlands anymore are also not calming", said Mr Dobson.
The drop of the industry stirs up presumably the fire of the analysts who expect further monetary or fiskale stimuli.
A positive information came from the republic of Ireland, where the PMI went up on 57.3, the highest level since end 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economic expert at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best thing that one can say for the purchase manager index of the producing trade in the euro zone of August is that after that the sector keeps on increasing."
He added: "Producers in the euro zone find the life quite difficult currently obviously, there the current increased geopolitical tensions - especially with respect to Russia and Ukraine - insecurities into that one furthermore difficult conditions in many countries increase.
These increased insecurities influenced the economy very clear - in particular, and the confidence of the consumers, and results presumably in some tasks delaying or even being canceled in particular major tasks.
He said that it becomes "increasingly more probable" that finally the EZB must introduce a kind of the QE "although we presume that this will be restricted."
The hell decade of the survivors of Beslan: Ten years have gone by since the frightful siege of the school as the children involved in that suffer today still.
Ten years ago more than 1,000 people were taken into Beslan by tschetschenischen militias in a school in south Russia as hostages.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, became in the three day long martyrdom, that the world shocked, killed.
We returned according to Beslan in order to find some of the victims which had escaped the death with the case of the atrocity in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrible siege of the school of Beslan at which 334 people died under that 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night in front of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
Caught to Kinder and to parents on 1st September 2004, the beginning of a new school year, as fanatic Islamic terrorists took and killed, that as the worst thing of the evil shone.
The tragedy united west and east in disgust, and changed then surprisingly into action and hope for the future right in the worst misery.
Ten years later we returned according to Beslan in order to find some of the victims which had escaped the death with the case of the atrocity in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who overcame resistances although she will hunt the memory of this terrorist hell forever.
Your greatest hope?
That the war that afflicts Ukraine now - and in that children as they die - now an end finds.
The girl who was photographed during the attempt to climb back into the zerschossene school gym
It became photographed by the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous when she attempted only in their underwear to climb back into the zerschossene school gym after a mine had exploded.
Completely confused Aida searched for their mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
They both were held for dead, but they survived.
"A woman said to me I am supposed to run around my life, however, I could not," Aida said then.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and climbed again in in order to search for my mother.
A soldier saved it
To a series of operations she held herself for completely cured said, however, yesterday: Three months "ago the pain returned.
I fear that I must be operated on again.
Some shell splinters are still in my knee.
It is your objective now to become dentist in order to help the people as she was helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it did not break me", she says belligerently.
"That happened to me, and one cannot change that.
Once per year I always go into the gym in order to remember those which stayed there.
My friends and I attempt not to talk about that on other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future class comrade Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were small, and dreamed about going together to the school.
"I do not want to get married until I end my study and begin my career.
I think of a family later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it although the memory becomes every year a little weak.
I am glad, that many people still remember our terrors on the world and we are so thankful for the help that we received from people in Great Britain and everywhere here.
If I in an online way see the photo from myself as I climb back into the school, I think that many people see it for the first time, understand our disaster and contribute to something like that not happening again.
The boy who fled through the ball hail in the opinion his mother is dead
It was his first school day (Russians go with 7 years into the school) and survived the three day long siege in the arms his mother Tamara.
As seven year long one he said: "Mama said to me I am supposed to lie down if there was an explosion, and hold their hand."
After an explosion he thought she would die.
She said with regard to it "Race
Full fear it can be dead, he fled and a crying small child saw on the way, it took with the case of the hand and fled through a ball hail.
His father Wladimir, that his son outside into the arms closed, said: "Damir said to me that his mother died.
He said: "I could not save it
In reality had stumbled according to Tamara outside and with leg injuries in the hospital, for her part their part in the assumption that their son died.
After their reunion she said: "I cried with joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran in and embraced me.
Damir was flown to London later (of the meanwhile dissolved newspaper news of the World), in order to keep from the former prime minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie the title of a Barnardo's Children's champion.
"This horror pursues you every day, however I wanted I could "stop" with the remembering", he said yesterday.
But I can say that it becomes paler in my memory.
I still know that I threw away all my toy pistols directly after that.
However, now I can play computer games with shot scenes and that is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid of going back to the gym, but I do not think about myself myself.
I remember these children with whom I played in the yard and who did not get it towards outside.
We never say that they were killed or are dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember very well my journey to London, especially at the game product cases, where I could select myself all which I wanted, and the journey in an above open car.
However, now he is afraid around place as Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of misfortune which it and his friends suffered.
This horror follows you every day, but I wanted I could stop remembering that.
"I am sorry about it so around all those ones that suffer from the Greueln", said Damir that last week worked as a volunteer in a cloister.
I want to help so gladly.
I want to go one day to the police and hope for their taking me next year at the training academy.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children from our neighborhood were killed, you can imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there were simply not any children who could call and walk around, and this silence lasted many months.
She remembers lively their journey to London with Damir.
The people in London cried when I told our history
I understood then how people on the other hand of the world can understand our feelings, and show their support.
It was thankful for the price and the possibility to travel to London in the fall 2004 to Cherie Blair and to their foundation
I wanted I could call Cherie and simply say to her that 10 years went by, however, myself I me still onto the meeting me it and her husband in London remember, and as the Damir and me has helped.
I still remember as Damir wanted to eat Borschtsch gladly and they called all local Russian restaurants.
I remember as he played with waiters in a restaurant. Damir fired with his water pistol onto them and they ran away and they played with it
And that was only a month according to the horror.
I was surprised, that the Britons in a so inclined way divided our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world did not become better during these 10 years.
In Ukraine the war goes on now, and every day people die, and I believe that many children were killed and are still killed.
Those ones are exactly such children as ours.
I think that for many the war is a part of the news which they hear if they are bored or occupied with something else.
I simply know what these people feel the whole horror.
And I cannot stop with feeling that.
Nothing changed, the people want to kill themselves still mutually and that is so sad.
Damir became big and is a very gentle and quiet boy, it is not aggressive or furious at all.
He does not search for example for revenge it is not overwhelmed by the last Greueln.
I know that he does not remember that gladly, but he has six narrow friends from the class and they go sometimes into the gym and they light candles there.
When it was smaller, he suffered from that - I remember as he laid onto the sofa sometimes, turned away the face from us, for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I also still remember, as it all his arms and other military toys away flung. Damir is now 17, larger than I, good-looking, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I was so secure for some hours that it is dead and I would never again see it
When I recovered after the explosion and came to the legs, I looked around, and the hell looked around me around, with parts of the body lying around everywhere.
I was completely secure that my small boy could have survived in this hell impossibly.
"I remember, that I called out to him, "Damir, run, run away", however I was also so secure that he had not heard me.
But he heard it and he ran away.
And so the life, different than that of many others, for us goes wider.
Georgij Ilyin, 17
The boy whose terrible picture after the siege for the symbol that one became horror of Beslan
Comfort: The Beslan survivor Georgij Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege 2004, to the right a picture of Georgij today
His face covered with blood was drawn from fear when he ran around his life while tschetschenische terrorists were shooting down his classmates.
His picture was one of the schockierendsten symbols for the barbarism of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had dropped it off for his first school day before she hurried loosely in order to bring their older son Wladimir to the university.
"I left the yard about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and so my small boy remained alone there for three terrible days", she remembers.
Not very alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they were killed all.
Only my Georgij created it, survive.
The nearer this date moves, the heavier it is, to think of that and to talk about that.
There is not any single day, at which we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it is long here, I think it would have happened yesterday, some scenes from these days follow me continuously.
Nobody will ever forget that, I promise that to you.
Insistent: The picture of Georgij (to the left) was one of the schockierendsten of the attack and was immortalized as a statue (to the right).
I remember, that Georgij wanted to go so gladly on this day to the school. He said he wants to embrace his teacher.
I knew first that it was at the life when I saw it on televison.
And now there is even this statue of the crying Georgij in San Marino.
Georgij does not see the picture gladly, and it is hidden with us at home in the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also mean, that the people in all world thanks to this picture our pain feel.
Georgij says today: "It is important, that something like that can never again happen.
"I doubt that we ever find out the truth.
The people examine such tragedies again and again and never find out the truth.
And now they examine the crash of this Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we find out ever what caused it?
This world becomes something terrible.
"I cannot understand as that is possible, because if you ask to the people, nobody wants a war, therefore as happens that?
Ten years are not anything at all with the case of such pain.
We need dozens of years, around it one to forget little in a small way.
It attacked my health and I still feel it.
For about three or four years I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it became better.
I went later again in the year 2004 to the school and had every day of fear.
I thought of my friends and classmates who had been killed.
For that I always go into the gym when the 1st September comes closer.
I want to mean my old childhood friends toll express.
It is heavy for me to go into the gym, but I must do it.
I do not feel as a victim this history is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I do not pity myself.
My life goes on.
I finished this year the school and go to a medical college in Wladikawkaz.
I will become heart surgeon.
My first choice was a training in the army.
I wanted to become a soldier, but my health did not approve that.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgij Fanijew, 20
The boy who survived who being caught to feet of a murderous terrorist
A miracle: Georgij Fanijew was during the siege caught to feet of a murderous terrorist, but it managed to survive.
During the siege it was caught in the gym and was next to the bomb which was attached to the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It is really a miracle that it was not killed.
"We feel it as if it have been yesterday", says Georgij that wanted to go to the FSB as a secret service officer, but could not do this because of his sanitary damages due to the siege.
It is still with me, it is not anything which I have let behind myself.
I am now older and the people say that children can deal with bad experiences easily - I must say that is not right.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists and felt after that a little better in fact, however I cannot forget it.
And I would be forgotten gladly.
In 2005 - in the year after that - was the first and only times, that I went again into the gym.
I lost the consciousness.
I will return never again there and you do not ask to me please, to show you where I was in this famous picture.
Survivors': Georgij Fanijew today, with a photo of themselves in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous and I carry it every day with me.
My friends know, that I do not think of that gladly or talk about that and they did not ask me ever for the school.
Physically I am fine.
I should be cautious with my hurt knee, but I can walk now well.
But because of my health I could not study at the secret service academy of the FSB in St. Petersburg as I wanted.
I have my documents also the medical ones sent in and they answered, that it is not possible.
The animals were my second passion, therefore I went onto the veterinary institute.
I have two years there already behind myself.
He learns the treatment of all animals "of cats up to cows".
He said: "I knew that I would never report my children about my experiences.
About that children should not know anything and they should not suffer it as a matter of course either.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "This pain leaves me never.
It is in my soul, worse, if the anniversary comes closer.
I will go for the ceremonies for the memory.
I know that Georgij will not go.
It must be still much more vehement for it because it was there and I not.
I waited at home for it and could not help.
I am God so thankful that it was returned to me. Here in Beslan all of them are drawn
It remains in us.
Georgij is now an adult, but this horror is still in it
It is heavy to accept that when something so Unfair happens to one.
He is a boy, he likes sport, but he cannot participate because of his knee.
It was operated on multiple, he cannot run, but not do any sport.
I would say that he overcame the horror to 50%, but one can completely never overcome that and forget that.
This terrible experience will always follow us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the siege and that intensifies only my pain.
I lost many people who I knew well and who were expensive to me.
My son is with me, and that is the biggest present that God could do to me, however, my heart cries around the killed ones.
I know about families in which new children were born, but also about Witwen who never again got married.
It is heavy to accept that the life goes on even if one does not want that.
I will never forget how my heart jumped in me when I saw it in the hospital.
And now I see what in the world goes on - wars in other regions
What do these people fight for?
Why do they kill themselves mutually
The war is now very much near to our country and I can almost not believe that.
We were formerly a friendly country, as it can be that we fight now?
People and children suffer, I am secure that in Ukraine already many children were killed and still many are killed.
If we grasp and could throw out only all these rebels - as far away as only possibly.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby who was borne movingly so by a special task force out of danger
Saved: Aljona Tskajewa is saved by a Russian special task force (to the left).
It is to now ten (to the right) and does not remember the cruelties at all
The world stopped in 2004 the breath when the baby Aljona was taken into the pauper of a Russian policeman by Beslan from the siege.
The terrorists made her go, but they held up their 30-year old mother, the 10-year old sister Kristina and their brother Makhar in the school gym in their cruelty.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, however Aljonas of mother and sister died in the murderous massacre
Your father Ruslan got married since then again and has a small girl with his new wife Swetlana, that he named after his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, today ten years old, does not remember the siege and grew up to an intelligent and happy girl, neighbors say.
"You are now a large happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both splendid children", a narrow friend says.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to spare them all the memories which approach with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand, why.
Mann accuses, to have run over girls on crosswalk in Fife
A 78-year old man stands because of the running over of a three year old girl on a pedestrian crossing in Fife in court court.
Gordon Steward is accused, to have hit a girl on the crossing in Pittenween in East Neuk.
The accusation indicates Mr Steward operated his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and the girl hurt.
Steward, the accusation denied 78, from Anstruther, before the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC applied the procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you liked to make photos or videos underwater gladly, there is a selection of devices.
The most economical option is a waterproof Point-and-Shoot, as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an Action-Cam as the GoPro Hero3+ Silver edition that to have both for about 300 $ are.
I received these photos at a family celebration with several cameras which are available all for a price of less than 350 $.
Independently of the outfit there are a few rules for the best results.
Control your outfit twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, you assure, that the battery chamber and other compartments are thick locked up.
Put your camera also on the photos or videos which you want to receive.
Some cameras and camcorders have scene and photo modes with which the exposure time is optimized for the dim underwater conditions.
And before you jump in, you check until which depth your outfit is operative.
Some cameras are approved only for up to 5 feet, others to 50 or 60 feet.
Search for digital cameras in our purchase leader and the evaluations for traditional and waterproof models.
You do multiple photos - because many will not bang.
Point-and-Shoot cameras have a LCD, with which you can compose pictures, Action-Cams usually not.
Even if you have a LCD, it is difficult to notice this underwater, and the correct framing is a matter of luck.
Therefore you do many photos
If your camera has a row mode with which a series of photos with slightly changed illumination attitudes are done, you use it.
You remain near the surface.
The light becomes dramatically worse the wider you leave the surface.
If possible you stay therefore close to the surface if you do photos in a pool, a lake or the sea.
Through that you can bring also more color into your photos; the deeper you go, the little color you become see.
Approach close to the objects.
That is a good council also ashore, but it is the more important underwater because of the bad lighting conditions.
It is completely especially important if you work with an Action-Cam: These devices have often a firm wide-angle coverage lens which means, that you thicker onto your objects must, if these are supposed to fill the entire picture frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort that character changes things even in a so gigantic organization as the NHS.
As a discussing anesthesia doctor he dedicated his career to the task of sparing the sick people both the death struggle of the illness and the pains of the treatment
Among his patients, so his wife remembers, a MI6 employee was that had to live from tortures with the disastrous effects.
Lawsone knew that the diagnoses and illnesses are important to the doctors while the handled ones are being occupied with something very else mainly: Pain.
One day in the year 2007 he was, however, that one whose ordeal began.
"I did not feel myself", he wrote in May this year.
I had picked myself up difficulties.
While he was fighting with the flu-similar symptoms, he noticed that it did his wife Juliet reproaches impatiently.
"I want everything more gladly immediately than later", he noted down.
When Juliet was on a business trip for a week, lawsone completely felt ungewöhnlicherweise and without reason worries.
Something lay in the air.
He asked a colleague for carrying out a X-ray examination of his breast.
Only two weeks ago it had been in the French alps for the skiing.
There was the result of the X-ray examination
He suffered from Mesotheliom, an incurable cancer, that the pleura attacks, therefore the skin cladding the lungs.
As with the case of most cancer illnesses the exact trigger is to be determined mostly heavily.
While for example some smokers are falling with lung cancer ill, all Lungenkrebserkrankten were not formerly smokers.
But Mesotheliom is different.
In almost all cases the trigger is an asbestos load - contact with the fibre material that once was regarded as "Miracle material but meanwhile was recognized as fatal
For most of us Mesotheliom is an illness that can ignore as easily.
Finally asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous asbestos type was not used in Great Britain since the 1960th years more than the industry committed itself voluntarily to not using this anymore.
Also, where it was still used, only people worked in certain branches directly with the material - plumbers, building workers, carpenters and dockers for example.
As an industrial dangerous material from another time it today hardly yet seems to be alarming.
But this complacency is inappropriate.
Great Britain, it seems like this, experiences today the climax of a Mesoltheliom epidemic.
There are more deaths through Mesotheliom here than in every other country of the world.
With in total 2,500 deaths per annum so many people die twice of this illness than at road accidents.
Annual numbers of the Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and probable future deaths in Great Britain
The reason why we experience the fatal effects now although asbestos for years is illegal (In 1999 all asbestos types were forbidden) that one is that a Mesotheliom develops first after decades.
And the scourge of the Mesotheliom is not open former worker of the construction branch restricts.
Asbestos was, and is frequent still, in the houses available, in which we live, the offices in which we work, the schools, in which we learn and the businesses in which we shop.
And therefore Mesotheliom knows no class bars financial borders professions or age.
The privileged bastions, of the elegant department stores in London up to private schools, are not a shelter.
The Parliament Buildings are asbestos-hot.
Also in the hospitals in which nevertheless we are supposed to become healthy were defined already as initial stoves of this fatal carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not also a plumber.
It was difficult for him in fact to imagine where it could have come possibly with asbestos in contact.
Then he found it out.
"It looks as if in the tunnels at the Guy's an amount of asbestos were available to hospital, where I completed my training for six years." he wrote.
All - Students, nurses, doctors and gatekeepers - use the tunnels.
One wonders how many will stand my contemporaries at the same illness?
It could answer this question unfortunately at least in part.
"From the four doctors that were trained at the Guy's hospital, and that fell with Mesotheliom ill in the last five years" he wrote in 2010 in a letter, "I am the last one that still lives."
How many of us will fall ill still?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with Mesotheliom in the age of 48 years.
When he died on 17th February of this year, he was 55.
That was an unusually long survival time.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months according to the diagnosis.
The illness ends always fatally
We can repeat therefore only lawsones question: "How much of us will fall ill still"?
The leading expert of Great Britain to Mesotheliom, professor Julian Peto, accepts that in between 1870 and 2050 in total 90,000 will have fallen victim to the illness if the asbestos epidemic will probably come into Great Britain for the succumbing.
Most of them do not have any presentiment at the moment yet, that they will die so.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A short look onto the files of the courts which the concerned persons turn to frequently because of claims for compensation shows how far the scourge of the Mesothelioms is already spread.
In June this year's Marks & Spencer gave for example too, to have stopped Janice of All fahrlässigerweise asbestos.
It worked for nine years for the chain, of 1978 to 1987 and was responsible above the clothing department at two locations - one of them of the Flagshipstore in the Oxford Street.
Mrs. Only 18 years was to all than when she began their activity at M&S.
Now she has two children in the twenties.
"Before this thing, she says, "I had heard by Mesotheliom never yet I did once really not know something over asbestos yet.
I would never have thought that that affected me once.
There are only few people who know a lot over asbestos.
Fact is, that the concept asbestos refers not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name stems from the word "Asbestiform", a description of the fibre structure that makes the material resistantly and flexibly.
Three of the six of them were used in the building trade.
Chrysotil, also than white known to asbestos, the asbestos found today by far most frequent is in buildings.
It was used for roof plates, slabs, tube isolations, storage water heater isolations, even for brake linings in cars.
It is less fatal than other asbestos forms are, nevertheless is regarded, however, as "a great health risk" with possible death consequence by the EU and the WHO.
More dangerous is, however, the brown asbestos (Amosite) and that blue asbestos (Cape asbestos).
Great Britain was once the world-largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts presume, that "it clear, however indirect tips for this being a main reason for the uniquely high Mesotheliomraten gives
An employee of Marks & Spencer was stopped asbestos in the Flagshipstore in the Oxford Street, London, Alamy
Maybe Janice of All Of It did not see himself as typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto indicates that their history is not unusual under any circumstances.
He presented a study of the concerned persons in which it is represented that "an essential part of the Mesotheliome without known suspension through work or in the house was presumably caused by asbestos contact in the environment."
A majority of these contacts is based according to his statement on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It looks as if nobody can assume to be secure
A report by Goddard Consulting, who examined the palace of Westminster, shows, as people also in the heart of the government, unknowingly the material would be stopped could
In 2009 Goddard told that the service shafts and pipelines behind the committee rooms of the parliament with asbestos whose fatal fibres could be swirled up by something so harmless as "strong air movements" were contaminated.
Parliament members are accused frequent to see to their own interests, however, here it looks as if the opposite would affect to.
While the management office of the Parliamentary Work Service was insisting on the Westminsterpalast receiving a "clean health certificate", meanwhile it is undisputed that 1 billion £ of amount of work must be found over several years in order to renovate the parliament to modernize the electrical installations and that asbestos remove, and that according to the general elections in 2015 the representatives will presumably rather meet in the QE2 conference center seemed likely than on the green banks in Westminster.
The Goddard-report referred also to "the existence of asbestos not being handled according to the respective regulations."
Nobody can know whether this Missmanagement will taste lives.
All that one can do now is wait.
A person, that the contact with asbestos never exactly is been able to determine Graham Abbott, a general physician.
As Andrew Lawson the 50-year old Abbott presumes, that it was stopped during his work in hospitals the asbestos.
"I worked in a hospital in which asbestos complaints were decided on positively", he says, "however I cannot prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all places which one worked on and onto the data.
At which it still exactly remembered is the day at the beginning of December 2009 at which he got such kind of fevers.
He was 45, and an operation just carried on late in the evening.
Suddenly I had joggling-frost.
It came very suddenly.
I felt terrible.
I believed not to get the journey anymore home.
As a doctor Abbott knew, that the pains of the pleura came, the skin around his lungs around.
But as Janice of All Of It he did not have any reason to presume a Mesotheliom.
It did not go a month to work
Amazed doctors made X-rays of his breast and apply Pleurakathether in order to take liquid from the lungs and to test in the lab.
His complaints remained, however, without diagnosis.
His health improved slowly, and it returned onto his job.
From time to time the symptoms returned, however, frequent after sporting activity and vehement buckling.
In 2011 a patient Abbotts with similar symptoms came in his practice and was diagnosed later with Mesotheliom.
But also now Abbott did not combine this with his own case.
Finally his patient was some decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011 Abbotts state worsened again and his family doctor brought his CT-Scans and X-rays to an expert group.
In December 2011, exact two years after Abbott for the first time had felt sick, a probe equipped with a camera into the cave became between the Rib- and the pleura introduced.
I am an optimist.
I continue mostly one-times", he says.
Honestly said, I had not made myself as many worries at all.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
There was the result of the biopsy weekdays between Christmas and New Year: "One said to me that it was Mesotheliom."
Graham Abbott: Diagnose Mesotheliom
Suddenly Abbott had appointments with Macmillan-nurses from whom one recommended him to take an attorney.
Only now he understood the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very widespread especially in big public buildings in which tubes were often isolated with asbestos", he says.
The people, that the asbestos in these buildings were stopped, fall ill now.
And so Mesotheliom hits now younger people who did not work in the typical professions.
The most dangerous tubes with asbestos isolations in hospitals lay under the earth, therefore patients were rather not stopped presumably the material
But many employees, that changed into pedestrian tunneling from a building into the other one (as Andrew Lawson) or ate in underground canteens (as it often did to Graham Abbott), came with greatest probability into contact with the poisonous substances.
It it proves that over several decades after the war hospitals for the patients possibly life-saving were, however, life-alarmingly for the handling doctors.
It is removed also today still.
Pupils geared their bunsen burners to asbestos mats.
And it only hospital does not affect.
Asbestos was used due to his fabulous isolating and flammhemmenden properties frequently in offices, businesses libraries and municipal halls.
Also schools.
In fact many people had presumably the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Everywhere in the country, in thousands of chemistry hours, pupils geared their bunsen burners to asbestos mats.
The topic asbestos is spoken about web pages now frequently in schools.
And meanwhile so innocent objects in our houses as slabs or scale roofs contained asbestos as a default.
"It is an industry poison that in big parts of our real properties contained is", notices Andrew Morgan, the lawyer that Andrew Lawson represented Hospital in his process against Guy's.
In a case the only contact which an affected woman remembered was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970ern.
Therefore you look out as you tear down your garden shed.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge, that the illness is incurable, is immense.
A while regrets to process that", Graham Abbott says.
I went again to the work and attempted to make wider, however I noticed that I could not concentrate on what I did.
I was two weeks in the practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and take care of myself myself.
Na yes, I will not experience any further Christmas.
With the greatest difficulty was the perspective change of the position of a doctor to that of a patient.
As countless patients in front of it he remembers how overwhelmed it was from all the information with which he rakes had to come.
"It was very heavy to record that all", he says.
"I asked to my doctor "how long has I still"?
And one gave me still about 12 months.
I remember, that I thought, "Na yes, I will not experience any further Christmas.
That was it then."
Mesotheliom is especially insidious because it is our life preservation mechanism - the buckling itself - that the fatal cancer causes.
Most cases of Mesotheliom are caused by asbestos contact.
Asbestos consists of smallest fibres.
If the asbestos is swirled up and the fibres are inhaled, can they in the pleura, the skin around the lungs around, set.
Asbestos fibers irritate the pleura and can activate cell mutations.
"The problem arises with the inhaled acerose asbestos fibers", so professor Tom Treasure, a heart thorax doctor that changed Hospital in 2001 onto the Guy's.
Exactly the hospital, presumed by the Andrew Lawson, that it has stopped it the asbestos, is now ironischerweise, a leading center during the treatment of Mesotheliom.
Treasure knew lawsone and handled some others, that presumably also during their training in the hospital the asbestos were stopped.
As soon as the asbestos needles reach the pulmonary fabric Treasure says "where the skin is, if they are pressed from the breath process onto the edge.
By nature it is from the beginning invasive.
The usual options with the case of other cancer illnesses do not function at Mesotheliom so well.
The effectiveness of an operation is for example hotly controversial.
Some mean, that they is an attempt worth.
Treasure denies that.
"One cannot cut out the pleura", he says.
You do not avoid that with the knife
Meanwhile the cancer does not respond to chemotherapy very well the "effect shows", however, "not cures.
"Sometimes there are long-term survivors, says Treasure.
However, at the end they all die.
Fortunately some patients long live in fact, much longer than expects.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years according to the diagnosis.
Two and a half years according to his own diagnosis Graham Abbott still fights.
After he had contacted Mesotheliom, Abbott came into contact with Andrew Lawson, who had become a one-man support and consultation office four years according to his diagnosis for coaffected ones.
He imagined "Hallo, cancer headquarters," cheerfully in the case of calls.
"It was very positive", says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis 4 years before and was still very much active
Initially Abbott had been offered to six chemotherapy cycles which would last four months and probably prolong his life only around a month.
"I had despaired", he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawsone managed "to make "appear" it, however, "the things in an a little more positive light."
After the consultation of several doctors Abbott, his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, decided on continuing heart-thorax-specialist at the Guy's.
"We had an advantage through my not having to be referred, I simply called and I got an appointment admits Graham.
A normal patient would have to receive a transfer and to have to wait for the permission of the treatment
Money is decisive for Mesotheliom-ills in order to be able to perceive the best available therapies.
But if finally these treatments fail unavoidably, many concerned persons of another financial worry stand - over the future of the families that leave it behind.
And so they are directed to the courts in the hope for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It is since 1898 known that asbestos is extreme dangerously for the health", says Morgan.
But what is changed, that one recognized that also a very small load represented a health risk.
And here the negligence of the enterprises began to play a role.
Finally Andrew Lawson and Guy's hospital settled their case, but it was not what Morgan mentions a "genuine compensation" since lawsone could not prove with absolute security that his Mesotheliom was to be put down to an asbestos contact at the Guy's.
After the investigation for his death a speaker of the Guy's confirmed, however, that "the asbestos fibers in the affected cellar field in the 1990ern were removed."
That was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How asbestos can be removed
It is actual for Mesotheliom ills that make an effort for compensation, an enormous problem to assign the fatal asbestos contact to a company or a job - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers are sold or closed.
Insurance documents can disappear.
And definitely those ones that defend themselves against claims do not know that the time is for them, however, with the complainants
As reaction to that there were this year clear new legislations that it makes more simply for Mesotheliom concerned persons to demand a compensation even if their former employers are not to be discovered anymore.
The law established a fund of 350 million £ for all that were diagnosed after July 2012 supported by the insurance industry be able to prove a contact, but not be able to sue anybody.
In these cases the complainants receive 80 percent of what a court could have awarded to them in a normal compensation process - about 120,000 £.
About 300 successful requests with the case of the program are expected per annum.
Andrew Morgan thinks as so many Mesotheliom concerned persons, that 350 million £ represented one "very good work of the insurance branch.
"That is a deal of insurers for insurers", he says, and points out that it is a question of a quarter of what insurers would have had to pay with the case of this sum if the time had not passed over that and Mesotheliom ills find the enterprises and they could sue normal.
Also Mike Penning, former work and retirement minister, admitted that the law is not "perfect".
But both Penning and Morgan admitted that faced with seven deaths a fast action is necessary daily.
"The people suffer so very much and need help today", said Penning during the second hearing of the Mesotheliom-law in December of the last year.
To this time Graham Abbott was for 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski.
After their first consultations Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation which he expects a positive effect of unlike Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied from a radiotherapy and a chemotherapy - a triple therapy with which Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate more than five years of up to 40 percent.
Abbott felt fortified
"That is natural with the most important thing, Abbott says.
One sees that again and again with patients.
There is over there something which makes you continue.
If you give up, you are feeling very quickly more bad.
Graham Abbott subjected himself to the operation in March 2012.
At the end of August he had the last one of the six chemotherapy cycles behind themselves.
Nachsorgescans did not show any sign of the illness.
Then I had in March 2014 a Scan.
There were several cancer-spots around my breast.
I became 50.
That is not life-alarming.
That is life-ending.
Again Abbott subjected himself to six chemotherapy cycles.
Now no track of the tumors is more visible.
But the process is very hard physically and psychologically.
You must think of practical things - above the money, if I am not more, for example, or to my wife show, as the storage water heater timing functioned.
If you receive bad news, you become negative.
You must look forward.
As father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, that is not always easy.
"For parents that is heavy", he says.
It is heavy to know, what one is supposed to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I said to my girls that I would have an illness with which I would not get old.
You reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and impetuous.
She told it to their friends and we got soon many calls.
Ellie was more reserved.
She did not say much.
Such conversations are something, that all cancer patients must go through.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such conversations are not from hope pulled through, not of a track of hope for survival.
The illness brings (so as end also for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security
How Andrew Morgan says "Mesotheliom is not life-alarming.
Body of embalmed Pharaohs wound into asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibers which were used for the strengthening of pots and for a greater heat resistance.
Plinius the older man describes asbestos.
A fabric was developed, that nonflammable is.
I charred napkins from that in the case of feasts in the chimneys see.
The use of the modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used in order to manufacture paper (also bills) and material
Important asbestos mines become in Canada and South Africa opened and short after that in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal isolation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production goes up onto more than 30,000 tons annually.
Statisticians of Prudential identify an early death rate at those which work with asbestos. These do not receive then any life assurances anymore.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke states that asbestos particles in the lung "without any reasonable doubt are" the main death cause".
That is the first case of this kind.
Kershaws employers, gymnast Bros Asbestos, do not take over any liability
No compensation is paid.
During the second world war ships are built intense one of the most fatal performances with asbestos contact.
Voluntary renunciation of the branch of the import of blue asbestos
A court of appeal confirms the first successful person action for damages in Great Britain because of contact with asbestos.
The global asbestos production goes up onto more than 4,213,000 tons annually.
Great Britain imports 139,000 tons.
A health and security executive in Great Britain obliges all companies which work with asbestos to the license acquisition.
The import and the use of blue and brown asbestos are forbidden by law in Great Britain.
Every use of asbestos is forbidden in Great Britain.
The Mesotheliom-law is passed in Great Britain.
A compensation program of 350 million £ is announced.
Asbestos is prohibited in more than 50 countries, white asbestos keeps on being used, however, as economical building material in many countries of the earth.
The worldwide production is annual at about 2 million tons.
China refuses right to government choice Hong Kong, demonstrators swear retaliation
On Sunday the Chinese parliament decided in spite of the increasing calls after democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the choices in 2017 through the electorate from Hong Kong.
This procedure inspires presumably the long announced protests in Hong Kong's business district while activists were leading the planning and mobilization for this purpose within less hours according to the announcement into the ways.
The decision of the Chinese nation congress to reject all candidates not Peking-loyal allows it to the communist leaders fundamentally.
"That does not come unexpectedly, but nevertheless it makes us furious", said right expert Emily Lau, chairperson of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Peking had promised.
One lay to the inhabitants from Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we have to do it with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of the Chinese decision Li Fei, vicesecretary-general of the Constant Committee of the National Nation Congress, said that the admission of public nominations would be too "chaotic" at the choices for the government from Hong Kong.
Since 1997, when Great Britain returned the control of Hong Kong to the Chinese, Peking promised to make the inhabitants from 2017 choose the government chairmanship.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision of the Sunday as a democratic breakthrough because there is a direct right to vote to the citizens of Hong Kong, but the decision makes also clearly that the Chinese leadership keeps the course firmly through a nomination committee closely controlled by Peking in the hand.
According to a new stipulation only candidates "with love of the country and love of Hong Kong" are in addition supposed to be admitted.
The decision follows a summer in which some of the greatest and most public-effective protests were occurring in Hong Kong for many years.
Behind the prodemocratic campaign in Hong Kong the movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace stands that organizers threatened with cutting off the finance district if Peking does not approve any real general right to vote
At the Sunday evening hundreds of Occupy-Central-supporters had met within few hours according to the announcement in the rain before the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
During the demonstration the organizers said that their movement reached a new stage of civilian disobedience and they planned protest waves in the coming weeks.
You did not give any nearer information to apparently avoiding around problems with the authorities, however.
In an online communication the organizers informed, that the movement "the occupation of the central district only when last means took into account, an action that only then is supposed to occur if all dialog chances are exploited and no other choice withstands.
We are sorry about having to say that all dialog chances were exploited today and the occupation of the central district will occur definitively.
The authorities in Hong Kong have been preparing themselves for the announcement of Peking for days, and intensified security measures measures were valid on Sunday before the government building including police forces and barricades.
The riots are supported by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they lose the control of their city slowly.
The Zuzug of people of the mainland intensifies the competition around products and services.
In addition the fear increases, that the Worth Hong Kong's as democracy and freedom of speech under the wachsenden pressure of Peking begin to crumble.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy-Central-movement since it endangers the business concern - the lifeline of Hong Kong.
"The protests which they speak of could cause great economical damage, depending on whether, how many are participated in that and how long they last", right expert Regine Ip said that criticizes the movement for a long time.
We do not want to stir up any apprehensions, that Hong Kong gets out of control.
This impression is bad at investments.
The from a government viewpoint controlled media of China reported also recently about the democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled from western powers.
In this summer activists organized an unofficial referendum for the choice rights which 780,000 people participated in - more than one fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July tens of thousands participated in one of the greatest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region
The tradition of the graduation balls in the USA is transmitted now to the universities, where Freshmen appearances by private airplane are offered.
We are pleased, to be able to react to this demand and the the first luxurious travel service of Great Britain for students of today offer.
In order to be able to achieve an especially impressive appearance at the university, the enterprise offers also transportation options as private airplanes, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr steward also declared that the service has a security section.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who otherwise would have to drive their belongings through the country in a dangerously overloaded car.
Together with our new VIF-options we look forward to guaranteeing for the students reaching the university with a minimum of expenditure and a maximum at luxury this year.
An enterprise speaker said that there would not be yet any new bookings since the service was just introduced first added, however, that Students would book the service in the next weeks.
The enterprise in addition informed that it expects a market in spite of the tuition fees of 9,000 £ per annum for this offer.
Distinguish students today in their expectations and claims very of the students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it is ever more important then to do a splendid first impression and with VIF can one exactly that.
The National Student Union criticized the service, however, as removed.
Megan Dunn, vice-presidents of the NUS for higher education said: "This offer shines completely separately from the life of the majority of the students.
Many students that begin with the study this month see themselves exposed to a crisis of the costs of living, since the available finance aids do not keep pace with the strongly increasing bills in the form of credits and scholarships for the simplest bases of life before they can think anyway daran to be issued thousands of pound for something simple as the arrival in the dormitory.
Feminists criticize according to racial issue and police behaviors Ferguson
The unarmed teenager became beginning this month of a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. killed.
The participants lifted their hands into the air and sang, "Hands high, not fire" while they were waiting before the funeral.
After two week long protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the shooting of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
After their experience white feminist commentators put the sex before the race if it is a question of speaking to reproduction right and income inequalities
While the tensions were going up in the Middle west, however, and receiving country observation as a whole, Perez saw that the answers were about the race from white women to 100%.
In comparison with the answers of black women shortly to the shots of the 9th August the personal essays with titles as "Thoughts" came "of a white woman" to Ferguson" and "Feminism does not turn only around the suppression from women" relatively late.
But for Perez that meant an important change.
"I do not believe that one finds many people in the feminism that be about the white and speak privileges in so highly class way she said.
The people felt for this purpose pressed into squeezing out something for the incidents.
It is characteristic for the crisis, in which we are and because the situation is so ethnisiert in Ferguson that they must squeeze that out.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of the Ohio state University Ferguson problems onto the light to whom black Americans that, however, are considered not as "Woman topics" in the cultural room are abandoned every day brought.
"I can publish something merry on Facebook about me and my partner and get 150 Likes here from everywhere", said Mitchell.
If I post something over how colors stand in their own country under siege, the silence is deafening.
"How it can be for women secure to talk about a relationship in public, however, not about security in the public room she asked.
For black women as Mitchell who studied race, sex and sexuality in the history of the USA there is not any dichotomy between race and sex problems.
For them black women did not have the luxury, to separate the topics cleanly; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women are combining the topics now race and sex in the feminist main stream circles Angela Hattery, professor for women and sex research at the George Mason University, says that their predecessors did the opposite.
"In between 1865 and 1890 at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the reason was almost always the rape of a white woman", said Hattery.
White women had to be participated in the history in order to justify the lynching-murder.
For Hattery the split came between white and black women at the point at which white fighters analyzed the country for the woman right to vote as Susan B. Anthony in the late years of the 19th century and stated that the fight could be successful for the right to vote only for in each case a group: Women or blacks.
"You made the decision to support the woman right to vote and the right to vote for blacks should come later", said Hattery.
If one remembers such things, it becomes conscious to one with power why colored women do not trust white women.
We did not make our job good.
We never helped black women with protecting their husbands and sons.
Also after women received the right to vote in 1920, it lasted another decade until white women organized themselves against the lynching in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching.
The group arose almost 40 years according to the initial request around help on the part of black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell the flood of white feminist reactions to the questions raised by Ferguson - police behavior, race discrimination - is a mirror of the time, in which white feminists "call tracing call holds" played with the problems with which black women sat down from each other since generations.
"It would not be fabulous, when the activists, the feminist platforms traditional over such decree the right to education of a child so seriously would take as they put that with the right onto conception control""? Mitchell asked.
Feminists of the second generation that based their career on the fight for reproduction rights and the access to contraceptive means attempt to understand now what means that.
The known white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks after the shooting from Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pointed article of Rebecca Carroll, columnist of the guerrilla warfare in which it demands more protests from white Americans on the topic racism.
"I hope for women who have an other, but parallel reason for understanding a danger being inherent in the body - and opinion on the race which are clearly different in public inquiries - mentioning the changes", wrote Steinem.
Although Steinem stands for a rather intersektionalen feminism, in which Rassen- in the same way as sex topics are spoken to, some of their comments on the race topic are nevertheless amazed in America.
Christina summer, researcher at the American one of Enterprise of institutes and authoress of "Who Stole Feminism?" said opposite She The People, that young men in the United States, in particular young colored men, "are far more vulnerable than their sisters, however," Steinems remarks on Ferguson conflict too their former criticism
There are now hundreds of specific programs for girls and young women, however almost nothing for boys.
But as the White House recently a small program, My Brother's Keeper, put on in order to help vulnerable young black and hispanischen men there were annoyed reactions of many feminists, under that Gloria Steinem.
The relation of the police to the the black Community is not the only problem, that into the foreground of the main stream feminism pushes.
After the US border police picked up almost 63,000 unaccompanied capella minors at the southwest border of the country this year, also the topic of the immigration reform goes again onto the surface - this time as a woman topic.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairperson of We Belong Together, of an organization which mobilizes women for the immigration reform said that for a new consideration of the topic as an essential woman topic she must publish only the histories of the immigrant women.
"These speak for themselves," Mercado said.
If the great majority of the work visas goes onto masculine immigrants, the women who accompany it are in a position in which they are sensitive to domestic power and exploitation.
"Find these histories a reverberation in the woman organizations", she said.
"Pig-house" in Ipswich is for sale
The picture of a house being for sale which had set it off to itself comfortably in the living room was removed by estate agents when it became clear that it showed a big pig.
The free-standing house has a bedroom, is due to a private street in Ipswich and 120,000 £ are offered.
A figure of the living room of the house belonged to the details - to which also a pig belonged, that his head onto a sofa had bedded.
Estate agent Connells said the pig on the photo is the domestic animal of the owner.
"The photo became yet erroneously publishes and became meanwhile removes" a speaker of the enterprise said.
In the plan of the house Connells described the former meeting house than a "unique single-family house with a bedroom."
Although the broker removed the picture from the web page, it still appears on advertising-material.
The house sale guaranteed in the social media for interest as if some would ask whether the pig is contained in the purchase price.
The SW city of Harvey resident according to lotto profit a new millionaire
A lotto player from Harvey is this month at that
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth lasts, with a happy winner that receives almost 1.1 million $ from the lotto drawing on Saturday.
One newsstand in Harvey pulled for the second time in five years the Jackpot in the drawing of the first division, after 1 million $ in November 2009.
The happy winner must still answer, however.
The storekeeper Steve Forward said the profit guarantees for topic for conversation in the small city in the southwest of Perth.
The city does not talk about anything else, and they are all quite excited.
We thought that such profit could set in.
Eight WA winners celebrated in the last month profits in the first division, a due end for a few happy weeks for the players in the state.
In the last week a player became from can process Vale of one of the five millionaires in August after a married couple had achieved the megaprofit of 7.5 million $ only few weeks before from Belmont.
The winner pair had been playing for twenty years and said the profit allows them the possibility of a world journey and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the WA this year, with almost in total 85 million $.
Leonidas asked into the gladiator arena
Not only the gladiators stood ankle in the slush at the first Rhine wild boar Roman day in the recreational park.
Nevertheless the attraction of the event was strong enough in order to attract far more than 1000 visitors yesterday that defied the rain showers and the autumnal cold and be completely enthusiastic from the historical racket let.
There was a colored round of representations, performances, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
The martial fighter troop of the gladiator school of "Amor Mortis", who used every rain pause for demonstrating their robust combat art in the arena preserved with soft sand, was main attraction of the day beyond doubt
Gladiator owner "Leonidas" proved to be humorous and competent presenter and sent his men after each other to the ring for the heroic duel in different gladiator types.
First it was up to the "Provocatoren" with rectangular shield and Kurzschwert as well as football pad at the left leg and splint at the right arm.
The "Essedarii" with breast-plate, short sword and throw lance as well as iron gladiator helmet, leg and arm protection, followed.
The appearance of the "Retiarius" who competed with the "Secutor" with casting net, trident and dagger and pushed the lad to ground after short fight was especially impressive.
There the swords cracked metallically at each other, the shields schepperten and the throw lances flew humming through the arena, that one fear and bangs could become around the health of the gladiators.
However onto those ones the imposing "Summa Rudis", the muscular referee an always attentive eye, had.
"We wanted to make the roman everyday life revive again and make the culture of the Roman time erlebbar", explained the intention to Lorenz Euskirchen, chairperson of the organizer "Circle of friends Römerkanal", behind the racket.
After two years of preparation time an "Oppidum Romanum", a roman city, became from the recreational park for a day as Vizebürgermeister Claus Wehage found in his greeting word.
Finally the Romans did not bring only war and conquest in our region but also the roman culture and numerous buildings that we still admire today.
Remains of that were to be marveled at also at the Roman day, about instance "aqueduct marble" of the Roman channel bridge eleven meters high and 1400 meters long that some day stood at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus-society compared the water and energy supply once and now, and manageress Petra Fricke knew: "We profit today still from the knowledge from then".
That confirms also diploma surveyor Ralph Heiliger of the "IngenieurteamZwei" from Rhine creek the measurement instruments' of the Romans as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra imagined.
The Roman villa into rough drafts presented to Blankenheim and models of the excavations anno 1894 as well as bricks from the Original-Hypokauste, the hot air heating which once warmed up the Roman villa.
Impressing also the footprints that had been left behind by wolf and fox two millennia ago in the kicks of clay before one burned these.
In 2011 the office had dug up the remains of a roman villa for ground care of monuments with the case of the Rhineland country association in the trade park north in Rheinbach.
One found encirclement walls of a building for farming for industry for trade building building with a drying kiln for the drying of grain and for the malting.
The building probably belonged to a villa Rustica, an agricultural good explained the archeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
She introduced a series of find pieces from these excavations in a glass showcase cabinet, under that a big plate, several fine glass envelopes as well as parts of a dainty necklace.
The villa existed presumably from the first up to the fourth century according to Christ, up to the idea of the Germans in the then roman Rhineland, Morscheiser presumes.
With it the children occupied themselves furthermore with the roman windmill game, similar to the present nine men's morris, or they wrote their names with metal styluses as once the roman pupils on guard boards
At the state of the Roman thermal springs Zülpich the children mosaics themselves were allowed to put, make glass mosaics at the state of the glass museum Rhine creek and help themselves Nettersheim at the state of the Eifel natural center a heavy wheat mill of stone in order to mill the flour for a pancake bread or a muesli
With the faithfully reproduced roman touring car pulled by two cold-blooded animals the visitors went through the recreational park and got in this case also past the impressive state of the Urban grammar school that "presented" the results of their "Roman project weeks" here.
With a Roman week of the 13th to 21st September also the municipality guard mountain into that brings in Rhineland-wide called out Roman year 2014, that is supposed to remind Augustus of the death of emperor 2000 years ago.
Together with the home and history associations as well as the Wachtberger wandering-association, the partnership association and the amateur play circle Oberbachem among other things thematic excursions become, a lecture, cook evenings as well as leaderships for classes demanded and of the roman past Wachtbergs remind.
In this case for example a roman legionnaire will tell about his work on the drafty guard mountain, plants than living monument introduced from the Roman time and a witty teaching-hour as regards nation communication between a group presented to Wachtberger "Germans" and consulted Romans.
The Adendorfer elementary school dedicates itself within the framework of a project week to the Roman topic.
With the Roman week the numerous ones are supposed to be done frequently but no more at first sight visible tracks of the Romans in guard mountain in an again learnable way.
In the Wachtberger city hall a small presentation will remind of the find of the Berkumer matron sanctuary in the year 1879.
Ebola: The epidemic loads west Africa's economy
The Ebola-epidemic in West Africa is also a difficult stroke for the economy.
Markets were deserted - and international enterprises go onto distance.
The disastrous Ebola-epidemic gives a difficult stroke to the economy of west Africa.
The harvest rots on the fields, the mines are left and deserted the markets - the virus plagued the region heavily.
Also some international enterprises go already onto distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but also an economical", the head of the African Development Bank Donald Kaberuka, judges.
Liberia is in a hardest way affected
"It is a total disaster, we lose a lot of money", Alhaji Bamogo says, who sells clothing on the second-largest market in Liberia's capital Monrovia.
Who wants to buy food or something for the disinfection against Ebola only comes to the market.
Liberia hit in a hardest way from the virus, only here more than 600 people fell victim to the fever.
Recently the health authorities declared the illness advanced into every angle of the country.
Also in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria the virus spread.
In total already more than 1500 people died, thousands wider infected.
Employees remove foreign companies
Everywhere in the resource-rich countries companies misfire their company
Their employees remove foreign enterprises as the steel company group Arcelor Mittal, several international airlines do not fly to the affected regions anymore.
Also the native traders and farmers react: Only few businessmen leave still their native towns villages in order to get supplies
In some fields in Sierra Leone and Liberia which stand under quarantine the cocoa and coffee beans, important for the export, on the fields rot among other things.
The farmers do not dare to leave for the harvest you home.
Food runs out
"The people will travel less and less", says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert, for the economy of west Africa.
The man for example, that usually goes onto the market and sells his vegetable, stays more gladly at home.
The population gets therefore the consequences of the epidemic direct and pushing sense: Food runs out.
On the markets the stock of basic foods as rice fades away.
At the same time that one threatens strongly from international companies dependent region an image damage - with comprehensive consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies avoid the area fundamentally over long time, says Philippe to Hugon of the French Think Tank iris.
It is decisive how far and how long the virus will still spread.
With investors the impression can arise, "that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and also to invest thus", warn Hugon.
The illness loads also the strapazierten national budgets finances budgets of the states
The illness loads also the anyhow strapazierten national budgets finances budgets of the affected states.
The rating agency Moody's fears, that those one budgets strong of the high expenditure on the health system and be strapaziert besides addition from the worsening economy.
The African Development Bank promised already to help out the health systems of the affected countries with 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
The effects are also already in Nigeria, where up to now only few Ebola-cases were diagnosed, perceptible.
Indeed the oil-rich region is not affected in the southern Niger delta up to now.
However, elsewhere already many people stay for fear of a contagion at home.
Also reservations in hotels go back clearly.
Shooters celebrate their 50th anniversary
The shooter association "fir wood" Berngau celebrates of 12th to 14th September his 50-year long foundation celebration.
On high-altitude mountain tours the preparations for the 50-year long foundation celebration run near the shooter association fir wood from 12th to 14th September.
A large conversation evening with the group "village rocker" is planned on Friday, 12th September.
On Saturday the large Böllerschießen is at 18 o'clock.
The atmosphere evening is subsequent in the big celebration tent with the "stoa inhabitant of the Palatinate Spitzbuam".
Blaskapelle guarantees for the music
Climaxes on Sunday are the celebration church service and 9.30 o'clock in the parish church and the big pageant at 14 o'clock.
In the afternoon also the distribution of prices of the Federal Government and district-firing is.
The 25 celebration ladies with their girls will be an especially beautiful sight.
Festkapelle is the brass band Bern district.
Mayor Wolfgang Wild and undersecretary Albert Füracker took over the patronage.
The initial denomination "Shooter society fir wood Bern district" comes from the year 1907, than on 21st March the association for the "social conversation by means of practice in the Zimmerstutzen- and" has been founded "small-bore target practice".
The NS-regime had arranged in 1937 for the solution of the association.
Only in 1964 19 young men found themselves again, that have lifted on the 30th April in the inn Lukas the "new" shooter association "fir wood" Bern district from the baptism.
Karl März and Adolf Ried led the association through a difficult original time in which it was a question above all of finding an association restaurant and installing the firing-company as shooter masters
Already in the fall 1965 the shooter association competed in the round competitions in the inn "Leininger" with two teams.
In the following years the sport shooters who in the meantime were organized in seven teams established themselves, in all classes up to the 1st district league.
The association records tumbled annually and the magic border of 380 rings was reached for the first time 1980 of Rudi Meier.
So as to have increased the efficiency of the active shooters also the memberships developed positively.
After the association restaurant "Leininger" did not suffice for the claims of a modern shooter association anymore, decided itself the former executive board shaft under the leadership from Johann Rinn in order to create a future residence in the cellar rooms of the new "country inn harder ice".
According to a work of 2700 hours gave on 8th May 1988 priest Strasser for the new shooter rooms the ecclesiastical blessing.
One of the big climaxes in the association history was certainly the 44th district-firing, united with the solemn consecration of the new shooter flag in July 1991.
At the 23rd and 24th April 1994 the shooter association celebrated his 30-year long foundation anniversary.
In 1995 a Böllergruppe was founded.
Josef Schmalzl became Böllerreferent.
A great challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the association in total was the direction of the Bavarian Böllertreffens 2005.
In many hours of honorary work the association members modernized in the last year the rooms and the shooting facility in the Berngauer yard and brought the rooms and the shooting facility in the Berngauer yard to the newest state of the art in this way.
Eleven teams in round competitions
Sights can be let also to the athletic services of the shooter association.
In total eleven teams participate at the present time in the round competitions: six air rifle teams, an air pistol team, one sport pistols KK1, one Youth- and two AH teams.
The 1st team with Lars Ellrich, to Katharina Ellrich, Steffi Grad and Kerstin Kellermann is in the round 2013/14 of the district Second League (highest league in the shooter district ANB) into the district league 1 climbed up.
The 2nd team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml climbed up from the district league north into the district Second League.
Next to the firing-sport events as goat twinge, carnival and royal ball, association excursion and Christmas celebration have tradition.
With in this case the shooters also at the celebrations in parish and municipality are.
Tony Stewart suffers accident in the case of return onto the ground
Tony of steward return onto the ground ended for instance on half way through his race on Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Steward went for the second time against the wall, after his right front tyre burst in round in 172 and it ended his evening.
Steward drove his damaged car into the garage and left it without speaking with journalists.
His team leader Chad Johnston said his 14-headed team is disappointed, concentrates now on the race, however, at the coming weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wanted we would have "had" a better use and a better result for it Johnston said.
We go to Richmond and hope for our being able to make it there better.
Steward drove already formerly evening into a wall during the race on Sunday after a collision with Kyle Busch and had to make repair the right page of his car.
"I went in today with quite good hopes for a good result", said Johnston and added: "It did simply not bang."
Not long after the second accident stewards' car was loaded into the tractor and the team had packed and that was ready for the departure.
Steward let Cup three NASCAR Sprint races drop out after his car hit another driver at a cinder track race in the north of the New York state and killed him.
He decided on returning this week and winning either in Atlanta or during the next race in Richmond in order to win a place in the pursuit.
It returned onto his job while an investigation for the tragic incident that led Jr to the death of the 20-year old Kevin Ward is being examined to. This had gone during a race onto the road in order to confront steward.
The authorities informed on Friday that the investigations for the cause of the accident will last still at least two weeks.
Yet no decision on whether steward must reckon an accusation was made.
The three times champion was received with great applause when it was introduced before the race.
After a start at 12th position, steward had advanced already shortly after that into the first 10 and lay temporarily on place four.
After a restart start in round 122, turned out bush's
2 dare with the no. 18 out of hand to the exit from Kurve and collided with steward, at which both cars drove against the wall.
Steward fuhr weiter, fell back, however, onto place 21.
Dance-Glad junior staff searched
Simply try out: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and head Lisa Neitzel (of the left) look forward to combatants.
As many other associations the full-time instruction shuts also to the jazz groups in the TV Jahn at the continuing schools create.
After the summer vacations some groups decimated strongly.
Now amplifies junior staff searched for an event that is healthy and does great fun.
In the two Jazz- and modern Dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, formerly dancer in the Jazz- and rotting Dance formation "of Spirits", only another nine children are.
"Three in the group of the ones eight to twelve year long six in the group the Twelve- to 15-year", the 20-year long one tells".
With more active voices the whole would do more fun clearly, "one can very different choreographies dance", she says.
Who fancies dancing, can sniff on Thursdays between 17 and 18 o'clock or on Fridays between 17 and 18.30 o'clock in the dance port room at the former hotel Meyer, free street 9, in a not binding way into the training hour.
"The training begins regularly with a heating program", tells the coach.
After that different choreographies are practised.
That JazzDance does not have the feature it gives any defined form, and it is therefore open to many styles.
Elements from folklore above classical period up to sport and acrobatics are used in the jazz Dance.
Of course also the company does not come too shortly.
"We go eating also once, look dance films and we stayed the night already once at the dance room Lisa Neitzel tells.
In the group one can close friendships, divide a wonderful hobby and do another whole amount for the own motor development in this case.
To whom jazz dance does not suit so, that one can sniff also into one of the other offers of the TV Jahn.
Children and young people can sniff always on Wednesdays child dance/jazz dance, Bambini-ballet, Videoclip-Dancing and Hip-Hop into the instruction into the instruction in the fields
The dance coach is Francisco Afonso.
Adult pairs are welcome to the dancings at the Monday and Wednesday.
Who fancies disco fox terrier, Slow Waltz, Viennese waltz, rumba, cha-cha and tango may come around and join in.
Bulgarian jailers protest nationally
Hundreds of prison employees from whole Bulgaria organized a national protest before the Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration they repeated their demands for restoration of their old working conditions which recently were changed.
Also higher salaries stand on a demand list which is supposed to be discussed with the interim Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
The officials are protesting for a month against the new working times symbolically and demand a return to the former 24-hour-shifts
In spite of the meetings between the trade union of the prison employees and representatives of the Justiziministeriums no agreement was achieved announced the national Bulgarian reason (BNR).
The negotiations last, the president for the realization of punishment measures split up, roses Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest of the prison employees is probably supported by members of the trade union union the employees of the Ministry of the Interior Office.
Ukrainian army gave up Flughafen from Luhansk
In east Ukraine the pro-Russian fighters are wider on the advance.
After hard combats at which also Russian tank battalions were supposedly shared the Ukrainian army has today, Monday, given up the airport of the rebel stronghold Luhansk.
The army informed at the same time that in the last 24 hours seven soldiers were killed.
The Ukrainian president Petro Poroschenko had drawn before already staff consequences from the difficult defeats of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the uppermost army leadership without naming details.
Pro-Russian separatists shot down airplane
In the fight against Ukrainian government troops pro-Russian separatists shot after own representation renewed a fighter aircraft and two military helicopters.
About 100 soldiers were hurt furthermore in the case of combats in the Donezk region or killed, informed on Monday the insurgents according to Russian agencies.
Ships of the coastguard scuttled
The insurgents said furthermore to have sunk two boats of the Ukrainian coastguard for the first time in the Asowschen sea.
The Ukrainian frontier protection confirmed that two of his ships had gotten under bombardment on Sunday near the port Mariupol.
In this case seven Grenzschützer were hurt, said a speaker to the sender 112.ua in Kiev.
Two crew members were regarded as missing.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists told furthermore to have brought several small towns under their control in the Donezk field.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Byelorussian Minsk capital the Ukraine contact group meets today.
Next to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSZE also an envoy of the separatists should participate in that from east Ukraine.
Previously all protagonists used their appearances for the public announcement of their demand.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
The NATO will not break their agreement with Russia through the planned deployments in Eastern Europe due to the Ukraine-crisis.
NATO-secretary-general Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels the NATO sticks to the foundation agreement of the NATO-Russia-council of 1997.
The NATO-leader accused, however, Russia of "a blatant break of the agreement
"We must face Heute to the reality, that Russia" does not "consider" the NATO as a partner, so Rasmussen.
It follow from documents and comments of Russian page "that they consider us as opponents
Stronger NATO-presence
Rasmussen also announced to want to intensify the NATO-presence in Eastern Europe.
A "Readiness Action" to be concluded with the case of the NATO peak in Wales "Plan" guarantees, that "we more visible NATO presence in the east have become as long as this is necessary" said Rasmussen" on Monday in Brussels".
Kiev and Moscow agree on new gas conversations
Russia and Ukraine agreed according to official information on new conversations for the settlement of their gas quarrel.
The negotiations are scheduled for coming Saturday, said the Russian energy minister Alexander Nowak on Monday.
A decision of the European Union whether she sends also a representative for the conversations is still waited for.
Because of the quarrel about the gas price Ukraine is not getting for weeks any combustible anymore from Russia.
Last EU energy superintendent Günther Oettinger had mediated between both pages
Ukraine had warned, Russia could suspend also the gas supply for Europe.
Europe gets about a third of his natural gas from Russian sources from which a big part flows through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks command: Toll will come "very clearly"
Now the chancellor stands up once again clearly for that.
A charter for all complicated details is not it, however.
Stubborn objections from the CDU against the car-toll angered the CSU rapidly.
Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke a command to continuous resistances from their CDU for the introduction of a car-toll.
"In order to say it very clearly: It stands in the coalition contract, and it will come", said the party leader on Monday after meetings of the CDU top committees in Berlin.
Merkel did not commit himself to a detailed model for the time being, however.
In the black-red government program "certain parameters" are mentioned.
Federal Minister of Transport Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) "did a proposal and that is "weitergearbeitet" at now".
The NRW-CDU insists, however, on their refusal of a toll now on all streets.
Merkel stressed, also Minister of Finance Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) brings in constructively into the consultations for a bill.
Beyond the topic he talked with Dobrindt also about further possibilities to activate more private capital for investments in infrastructure about instance also during the broadband expansion.
"There nothing special is at all "at that". Schäuble had let on Sunday a "mirror" report uncommentedly, his house examines an own draft in order to compensate highway investors with toll gains - after the choice 2017.
CSU leader thicket Seehofer warned then before developing in the cabinet toll draft against the responsible minister.
CDU-Bundesvize Armin Laschet confirmed his objections.
"The coalition contract never came from that, all circular and federal streets too bemauten", the North Rhine-Westphalian CDU country chairperson said.
In this respect it is an important signal that Seehofer announced now to talk about the topic once again.
Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate comes to resistance to the plans also from the CDU country associations
Apprehensions are background, that a toll influences the small border traffic to neighboring states.
Seehofer had demanded coalition faith because of the toll criticism from rows of the CDU.
The left winger regards the plans as failed faced with the quarrel in the union.
"The fiddling-toll is dead", said party leader Bernd Riexinger of the "Neuen Osnabrücker newspaper" (Monday).
"The minister fails with the toll". Dobrindt wants to introduce a vignette duty on all German streets which is supposed to start in 2016.
Domestic car owners must not be burdened according to coalition contract, however, besides addition.
Therefore they are supposed to receive a full compensation for the toll about the car-tax.
The model must not put foreign drivers at a disadvantage, however, according to EU right because of their nationality.
Genetic trouble often wrongly diagnosed
A Briton says she considered as a consequence of a wrong diagnosis over many years that she would die.
Karin Rodgers lived almost their entire youth in the belief that it has to live only still few years after its having been diagnosed with another illness.
She suffered in fact from the Charcot Marie Tooth illness (CMT) - a group of inherited troubles that damage the nerves outside of the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK informed that wrong diagnoses are a frequent problem with people with CMT because so little is known about this illness.
About 23,000 people in Great Britain suffer presumably from CMT which can lead to motor troubles as muscle weakness, an unsure walk and curved toes.
Ills suffer also from deafness feelings or pains. The illness is incurable and increasing, which means that the symptoms with the time become worse.
When Rodgers 13 was, she believed that she suffers from Friedreich-Ataxie (FA) - an illness with very bad survival chances.
Rodgers thought she would be in the rotation chair they 18 would become, and before their 30th birthday die.
The mother of two children said that today is 51 years old: "As a child I knew that I could not do the same thing as the others.
I fell constantly there and everything lasted with me longer.
I could never drive roller skate or skateboard with the other children and was often teased in the school because of my kind to go and to walk.
Rodgers said that she saw their sick person acts in the age of 13 years after several operations in defence of their Achilles tendons and lamination of their feet, had left the room as their doctor and read that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty because I had been curious therefore I did not tell that to anybody, but I went home, searched for the illness in the library and wrote to the CO society", she said.
When I received answer I was shocked and panicked frightfully.
I thought that I would be in the rotation chair with 18 and would die with 25, and would lose all my abilities slowly between that.
I defined that all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said, als sie 17 became, she realized that their abilities had not taken off so strongly as she had imagined it and consulted their doctor.
He simply got up, and embraced me and said, "my love, I do not believe that you have that otherwise you would be now already in the rotation chair."
I believe, you have something by far less life-alarming.
After some genetic tests CMT was found with it
"When it declared me what CMT was, I felt myself as if I were a winner", she would say.
Charity CMT UK started a CMT-Awareness-Monat in order to make attentive onto this illness.
Stick sergeant a. D. Berni Diether works as a pyrotechnician since the closing of the former military training area
For just ten years people do not fire on the former military training area into Münsingen anymore.
In spite of that Swabian emerges still every month of fatal ammunition in the heart of the biosphere field nightmare
The shells are sometimes still so dangerous that they must be exploded on site.
A deafening bang echoes with the case of the burstings above the heart of the biosphere field.
In December 2004 the last sharp shot fell on the military training area Münsingen, the at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military company was closed.
Since this time the 6500 hectares big area is the main item of the biosphere field Swabian nightmare that is opened on 13 shown ways for hikers and cyclists.
Tax burden of businessmen in the Washington room increases with the economical recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It means also higher taxes.
State and local notices of assessment assessment notices bills demands levies for enterprises in the country went up in the last year easily while the economical recovery was speeding up, such an again published study in the last week, and the companies in the Washington room did not form any exception.
Enterprises in the room District, Maryland and Virginia paid together 27.6 billion $ to state and local places in the finance year 2013, a rise, around 3.8 percent opposite the gains of 2012 at the level of 26.6 billion $.
The state and local tax burden of the enterprises went up in the last year about 4.3 percent onto 671 billion $, in comparison with 3.9 percent per year before, and it was the third growth year in consequence after the several years of sinking answers 2009 and 2010.
State taxes went up more strongly than the local deliveries about 4.3 percent, so the study, that of the service agency seriousness & Young with the center for State Taxation was carried on, a fiscal policy group.
More than half of the tax yields of the District, 56 percent, comes from enterprise taxes while 36 percent of the gains Marylands are coming from enterprises.
Virginia achieves the least tax yields with 28 percent from enterprises.
A majority of the rise with the case of the tax yields is reasonable in a recovery of the real property values of the enterprises, say the researchers, which led to a rise of the real property taxes around 3.7 percent this year after the three successive years with growth rates from less than 1 percent.
While a big part of these profits was coming from big states as California, New York and Texas, the course seems to apply also to the Washington room
Enterprises in the District, Maryland and Virginia paid together more than 10 billion $ at state and local real property taxes in the last year, in comparison with 9.6 billion $ 2012 - a rise during a year around 4.2 percent.
But the apparent recovery with the case of the real property values is not so effective in Maryland during the rise of state and local tax yields since the real property taxes amount to just more than one fifth of the notices of assessment assessment notices bills demands levies of enterprises here.
Enterprise in Virginia and D.C. almost half of their state and local taxes pay in the form of real property taxes.
"In Maryland following happens: a big part of the real properties, in particular in the tax field around D.C., is either in the possession of the government or of non-profit-organizations that" do not "pay" any real property taxes, said Douglas to Lindholm, manager of the center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely on the income taxes for example much more in order to be able to offer the same services which other states offer.
The recent recovery with the case of the tax yields through enterprises cannot be assigned only to the recovery of the property market
Seem also to recover to enterprise gains, so the data.
Enterprises in the region reported about income taxes with the case of state organizations of 2.3 billion $ in comparison with 2.1 billion in the year 2012.
Maryland took 1 billion $ in enterprise income taxes, the highest amount of the region
While the trend is going into the same direction, the local tax burden does not go up for enterprises at all three places evenly
The rise rate in the District corresponded to the national average with 4.3 percent while the rise was being clearly higher in Maryland, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia announced a lower-average tax amount of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has the clearly least enterprise income taxes (in all three there are fixed enterprise tax rates) with 6 percent in all three areas of competence.
The enterprise tax rate in Maryland is enclosed at 8.25 percent and in the District relatively high 9.975 percent.
A comparable study of the US chamber of commerce at the beginning of this year showed, that in Virginia smaller state and local enterprise taxes are demanded and there is in total a better tax climate than in Maryland.
In the study the District was not examined.
In spite of the advantages Virginia is under pressure through his southern neighbor.
North Carolina passed laws for the lowering of his enterprise tax rates this year of 6.9 percent on 6 percent, the same sentence as Virginia, and the sentence will sink in the coming year onto 5 percent.
If the state keeps on reaching his income objectives in the coming year, this law could reduce the enterprise income tax sentence of the state to 2017 apart from 3 percent.
Going in the meantime seems better to the small firms in the Washington room and they pay therefore more state and local taxes, so the recent study.
Enterprise taxes that are paid as personal income taxes through small businessmen - a temporary structure according to which most small enterprises are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia went up in the last year about 20 percent on 2.4 billion $, a clear faster growth rate as the enterprise taxes in total.
The researchers say that the trend and the rise near the enterprise steering wheels as a whole will presumably stop country this year with a rise of the general increase dam tax yields for the state and the local governments about 6.2 percent in the first three quarters 2014 in comparison with the same period of the previous year.
Nevertheless the Washington room could hinterherhinken if the edition shortening of the Federal Government affects the labor market in the region
Twin town: German beer for Guangzhou
Hop and malt - also in China a popular combination.
German beer enjoys in China an excellent call
Frankfurt's twin town in China wants now a brewing and in addition hopes for a flight direct connection between the the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's twin town Guangzhou - so the urgent wish of the official ones in China says.
"We would be very pleased if a German brewing sat down in our city", said the vice-Parteisekretär of the south-Chinese metropolis, Li Yiwei, in this week during the visit of a SPD-delegation in his city.
Again and again the official of the ruling Communist party of China in the course of the conversation came back to this request of the twelve-million-metropolis.
Guangzhou that is mentioned also canton in Germany is one of the richest cities of China, Li recruited.
Therefore the people would have also the purchasing power, to be able to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD-chairperson Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel who led the German politician delegation accepted to the host, he will hear himself in Germany after a possible partner for the project.
"For beer does not need it a lot: he matched "good water, grain and high spirits," during the lunch with the party-upper one in Guangzhou.
Mr Li already radiates this high spirits, it flattered the host.
Then the official drank a toast to Guangzhou with Schäfer-Gümbel - however with red wine that was served to the food.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German brewing-art.
Tsingtao-beer is brewed according to the German purity commandment.
More businesses
A second wish of the Chinese hosts would be a flight direct connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said vice-Parteichef Li.
The Lufthansa had offered the flight formerly, but had deleted it in the year 2012 from economical reasons.
"It would be worthwhile again", the local politician showed convinces.
"The businesses between our two cities take always further too".
Currently travellers would have to take the detour over Changsha in the province Hunan, Li complained.
Also the administration of the province Guangdong whose capital is Guangzhou hopes for the air connections
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, put this wish into the foreground at his conversation with the social democrats.
"That is a very good idea", Schäfer-Gümbel answered - the Chinese Vizeminister Li Jinjun, an intimate expert of Germany, nodded in agreement.
Well-kept partnership
The affable vice-Parteichef of Guangzhou hopes for his being able to go to Frankfurt in the next year for a partnership meeting.
Li Yiwei was already indeed at the Main, but not yet in this function.
It came only this year into the office after his predecessor had been carried from the office because of corruption reproaches.
Also the local party leader Wan Qinglian had to go.
The procedure against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a national campaign against the corruption in party and administration which is put through by head of state Xi Jinping with hardness.
The new top politician Li Yiwei had worked before his party career for an American enterprise, which is highly unusual in the Communist Party of China.
Before his assumption of office in Guangzhou, where the VW car builder establishes a big work it was active in Fujian as a top official.
Frankfurt accepted officially more than one dozen of city partnerships.
The connection to the 9000 kilometers remote Guangzhou belongs to those which are maintained from both pages for instance with a pupil exchange
In the last year the 25-year existing of the Sino-German connection was celebrated.
Hessen is the south-Chinese metropolis at the pearl river almost as strongly as completely in this case with their economic strength.
In the next year it wants to achieve a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, told Li.
Family of Joan Rivers "presses the thumbs"
Joan Rivers is unconscious since their admission into a hospital in New York City three days ago; their daughter showed herself today hopefully that the 81-year old comedienne recovers from their illness, however.
"Thanks for your constant love and support", said today Melissa Rivers in a communication
We press all the thumbs.
Your mother was delivered according to sources on Thursday according to an emergency because of cardiac arrest in a clinic at the upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, into the Mount Sinai Krankenhaus.
The doctors hold it on purpose sediert and under exact observation, until they are more satisfied with their state, that furthermore than "seriously" is described.
The reactions came from many pages also in the form of an overwhelming online-support of Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environment-friendly vacuum cleaners and increasing wages
In the future more severe environmental standards are valid for cars and vacuum cleaners which come from today into the trade
Similar to refrigerators and washing machines new vacuum cleaners receive from the 1st September a label on which the buyer at a glance can recognize central data as the energy efficiency of the device.
For new cars are valid in the pollutant class "Euro 6" sharper nitrogen oxide values.
In addition there is more money for the scaffold cages: Those ones receive a minimum wage of 10.25 euros in a nationwide way homogeneous.
Amazon buys Twitch for 1.04 billion $
AMAZON confirmed just what information had told on Monday morning: The online-retailer - and video producer, and a great number of other things - buys the Videostreamingdienst Twitch for 1.04 billion $ (970 million US-$).
The announcement comes surprisingly, not because nobody had expected a takeover of Twitch, but because it was presumed to a large extent that YouTube would gain the enterprise.
Three months ago it looked like this, as if the sale of Twitch were onto the video service of Google for one cool billion thing decided on, and the cooperation appeared also natural
Twitch that only three years ago as Justin.tv was founded had started as general Streamingdienst - a live version of YouTube.
Instead of this that it wanted to publish their acts of daring a platform quickly for players in games, a "YouTube for live games", such an insider.
The Twitch-interface.
And give "let's play", a video genre, to the (mostly older) games in the smart aleck one painting of paint of hermetism theater, are on YouTube already very much popular.
It is now like this that YouTube is often named if one wants to describe Twitch, therefore it became the information that YouTube Twitch wanted to buy, something boredly picked up, a textbook example of an established technique enterprise that buys up a potential competitor.
It is a puzzle why deal with YouTube was not achieved to that one since the enterprise was ready to pay so much as Amazon according to reports.
All that we know at the moment about that is this statement of Emmet Shear, president of Twitch: "We decided for Amazon because they believe in our Community they split up our values and long-term visions and they want to help us with reaching there more quickly."
A further secret is, honestly said, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs as me that declare that they do sport more gladly than to watch during that, is to watch it to others during the playing heavily to understand the attraction that comes from that instead of taking even the control console into the hand.
It is a thing to look to a friend at 3 o'clock in the morning over the shoulder while she is creeping through resident Evil and something very else, to watch to a silkworm moth during how it is fired into the head 20 times after each other in call of Duty.
All these games could now just look at you.
Another problem lies in many of the most popular games being ego-games today, therefore the watching without own control of the look perspective can be a correctly good prescription for headaches.
I add, that the quickness flows into which the Roger Bannisters of our electronics age complete whole games in record time, entertaining are.
But as long as a game or humor virtuoso is not in this case, his Twitch-channel is not presumably so very much interesting.
But what sceptics know as I already of that?
Twitch is called of 55 million different visitors monthly and the fourth-biggest source of internet traffic peaks is.
And as exactly Amazon wants to make money from that?
It is heavy to introduce oneself that Twitch is integrated so elegantly in Amazon Instant Video as YouTube Twitch could simply have swallowed.
But Twitch has something which would have every enterprise gladly: Thousands of young men who are umworben as advertising-customers.
How the chairperson of Twitch, Shear, did not say yet Amazon and Twitch "believe both at the future of the Gaming"," and the medium does not show any signs of a shrinkage once - swallow - as spectator sport.
On the hopping-castle during the castle garden party some was on Saturday rid.
The draft of the organizers was right.
In spite of the strong downpour at the Saturday evening approximately 1200 music fans came to the Open-Air-celebration in the castle garden.
Temporarily the admission had to be stopped.
"That was annoyed", said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salt whisk l light and fun.
Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem formed the name Amula from two Spanish words.
Because the Open Air in the Salzwedeler castle garden is supposed to radiate brightness through various shows on day and at the evening.
Na, and the fun comes in any case of alone.
That was proved already on the early Saturday, when the first visitors to the Open Air prepared themselves.
The organizers had promised a celebration for all generations.
And they succeeded in that.
Around the supply states on the castle garden meadow Salzwedeler, but also guests from the nearer and wider surroundings had made themselves cosy
You followed the first live appearances, bobbed with the foot in time, enjoyed cool drinks - shortly: Relaxation pure and was pleasure announced.
And that right through the generations.
While ones were lolling about onto covers on the extra carted white sand at the beach bar, other at a quarter of wine in the Vinothek refreshed, the junior staff raged on the hopping-castle that was a big attraction of attraction for the smaller guests.
But also at the the voluntary helpers had to do all hands to child makeups fully in the truest sense of the word in order to become gentleman to the crush and to conjure imaginative creations into the small faces.
The larger ones used the football player tables or participated in a skateboard-workshop which the Goodfoot-crew adjusted from Salzwedel.
Until the big rain came.
Shortly before 17.30 o'clock it beat down onto the visitors, particularly families searched the Wide and Dry one.
This did not do any breaking off to nevertheless the attractivity of the celebration.
"More people came than expected," would say Ron Sem, who spoke of a "success on the whole line".
Therefore nothing is opposed to a repetition of the great party in the coming year.
Although at contents and size of the events must be worked still, Sem made clear in a first balance on Sunday opposite the nation voice
He designated as annoyed, that meanwhile the admission had to be stopped.
The security company was obvious with for few strengths booked.
The consequence: Some that already had paid did not come anymore to the ground.
The resonance was very good.
In a first cautious estimate the Salzwedeler co-organizer spoke of about 1200 visitors who romped in the castle garden.
There were problems with the case of the audio engineering.
The Salzwedeler Hip-Hop-band Blocks'n'Rox aborted their appearance therefore in an enervated way.
The technicians were not in the situation to create a to some extent reasonable Sound.
The planned Shisha-Lounges could not be built up because the tents could not be brought to salt whisk because of a puncture.
"In the next year they" will "be", however, in this case", according to the organizer.
The premiere night of the Amula-Open-Airs was from the numbers of visitors more than succeeded.
And that with the case of bad weather.
However, the organizers committed some errors which are still forgiven with the case of the first time, but were eliminated have had them with the case of the second edition.
Also in the social network Facebook the organizers must take criticism
"Sorry, however for twelve euros one simply "expected" more", Melanie Meier is expressed on the event page
"You overstrained yourselves unfortunately a little", thinks Ele Zimmermann at same place.
Others do not see the initial problems very so narrow.
I find it very good, that not natter some only stupidly, but attempt also really to put something on the legs.
Guard off"! Stephanie Jenß to the Amula writes.
Now the organizers have a year of time in order to stop these criticism points.
New radome in Berkum: Wachtbergs landmark shrinks
To that is not as expected so.
Rather maintains the component being ready on being used in the prominent construction
The action stands in the context of a greater measure: Almost 50 years after establishment of the space observation radar TIRA the wrapper, the so-called radome, is completely renewed.
The new radome will be a little smaller with a diameter of 47.5 meters than the old one will.
The size remains, however, still world record.
The last step to the completion of the new wrapper is the cap exchange
The upper quarter of the old wrapper is separated and lost with a crane.
After that the last quarter of the new wrapper is put on.
Provided that the weather is involved, the action at the beginning of this week is supposed to go over the stage.
Participant in the Ice-Bucket-Challenge dislocates Kiefer
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain shouted so very much that it hurt the bone structure of their face when their icy-cold water was poured above the head.
This Ice-Bucket-Challenge went painfully next to that.
A woman was hospitalized after she had shouted so very much at the Ice-Bucket-Challenge that it dislocated the jaw to itself
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screeched so very much when their icy-cold water was poured above the head that they hurt the their face structure.
"The water was so cold that I shouted and during me that action stayed, my jaw simply stand she said opposite The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year long one.
Isabelle Roberts some seconds in front of the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but that did not work, the jaw was verhakt, and then I understood that something was not right.
My mother and my sister also saw that and did before pools almost into the trousers, however I must into the emergency admission.
The 20-year long one from Great Britain was hospitalized in order to make oneself put back the jaw again after the participation in the viral trend on Tuesday.
The clip was linked to an internet sensation and in a thousandfold way on Facebook and Twitter.
Do the castle associations pull soon at a rope again?
Last there was again and again quarrel between the two Wolfratshauser castle associations.
Now the executive boards think about a possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolfratshauser castle the late Richard Dimbath, former chairperson of the Wolfratshauser castle friends, mentioned the project in the French Guédelon.
A year ago yet no good climate existed between the castle association and the castle friends wolf council beluga.
The points of view seemed distinctly different up to now as the history of the Wolfratshauser castle and a possible reconstruction are supposed to be dealt with.
Now the two warehouses on each other move too: Conversations are supposed to be led already soon about a common procedure.
The association executive boards confirm to Torsten Sjöberg (Castle association) and to Herbert Piffl (Castle friends) on demand of our newspaper that.
"I called Mr Piffl and suggested that we could get together once", tells Sjöberg.
According to his opinion all members of both associations could pull in the future again at a rope.
So more quickly visible successes are to be noted.
While the castle friends were having a reconstruction of the castle around the suddenly late Richard Dimbath till the end at the mountain wood in mind, stands for the castle association around Sjöberg the "development and Erlebbarmachung" of the ground at most front place.
Herbert Piffl, Second chairperson of the castle friends, was very pleased with the call according to own information
Since Dimbaths death he presides over the castle friends.
A new chairperson is supposed to be found in the middle of September in a general meeting.
Currently the association counts according to the 74-year long one about 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath we made the association activities out of respect rest first of all". This "thinking-phase" was necessary in order to "consider how it could go on".
According to Piffl the new chairperson is supposed to go then into the conversation with the castle association.
Until then the castle friends could make themselves also a current atmosphere picture within their grouping.
There is currently yet not a candidate for the chairmanship, says Piffl.
"But I am confident, that somebody will find himself He himself does not want to present himself because he has his residence in bath Tölz.
The new chairperson should be a Wolfratshauser.
The Tölzer keeps on wanting "to cooperate" in the project "however very gladly.
The different points of view as regards reconstruction will presumably consist in the eyes Piffls in next time stay.
He acknowledges Dimbath as a "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
Through a high participation of the population as well as through voluntary helpers from all world it is a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "Also I was at the beginning sceptical.
However, with time I was convinced more and more that it is reasonable to drive forward the project". An "alone position feature" can be created for the raftsman city.
Here there is not really otherwise anything.
Furthermore the project would be financeable through EU subsidies, visitor tickets and potential sponsors, Piffl believes.
"I personally do not want to fling the idea of the reconstruction simply overboard therefore". He hopes for the castle association moving in this point maybe a little.
Their aim of documenting the history first of all "is important and good".
After that one could see.
Clever ways for the saving at uni-textbooks
Since the costs are for uni-textbooks for many students more than 1,000 $ per annum, the Fast-Zweitsemesterstudent considered check mate Schroeder a clever saving-idea.
He invented a lending-system for books of students of higher semesters and offered a nominal compensation in order to delay the moving-sale.
"My mathematics book usually costs 180 $, but I got it for 10 $ for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-cookie", said Schroeder, 19, who goes to the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester would have cost it 430 $, he said.
He spent 120 $.
The college management informed, that students distribute on average more than 1,200 $ annual for textbooks and study material, that there would be different curbing cost expansion options for the students, however.
Online-shops and creative Herangehensweisen as the Schroeders are the solution of the choice for the students increasingly.
The renting of textbooks is liked, and so students can use a book for a semester, frequently too a clearly more favorable price than during the purchase.
Neebo Inc, who practices more than 250 university book stores, informed that the renting of librettos has doubled since 2011.
Vice-president Tevor Meyer said to Neebos to show inquiries in the branch that about instance a quarter of the books was rented in the college book stores in the last spring semester.
Less than half of all textbooks stores curtains are bought according to statement for the National Association of College commercial union in campus book stores.
Here the multiplication table is for the best deals.
Buy Online
Some new books cost in an online way only a third of the price, for which to have it in the campus book store are.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost 290 $, can be gotten, however, with the specialized textbook retailer Chegg.com for 239.99 $.
Needed buy
When one the memos of others or normal use tracks nothing form, needed books are a good option.
"Calculus" is needed on Chegg.com for 93.49 $ have.
Matt Casaday, 25, end student at the Brigham Young University, it says that he spent 42 cents on Amazon.com for a needed edition of "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was sold again for 48 $.
Academic as Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at the Amherst College Without Walls recommended students to ask their professors whether former editions are permissible.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the seminar papers.
In such cases older editions can be acquired often for one fraction of the costs for the newest edition
Except for Chegg and Amazon also Half.com of eBay Inc is a popular alternative for needed books.
Rents
The renting of textbooks is a consideration worth, if you handle it quite well, think of that, to return it and not kept you the books on completion of the course would like.
You can save more than 80 percent of the costs of an again bought book.
A student could rent for example "Calculus" for the duration of a semester for about 20 $.
You inform yourself of the regulations of the business at that you rent, also about the punishment fees that accumulate where appropriate for the writing of memos, underlinings or use tracks
Tenant looked out: If you do not return the book, the punishment fees can even exceed the price of a new book.
E-books
Also e-books instead of traditional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes these books de facto are rented, when an electronic license for a certain period of wholesalers as Amazon.com, Chegg as well as Barnes & Noble Inc. is provided.
At Chegg one can rent "Calculus" for 6 months for about 61 $.
Bracey says that students find the best offers frequently in literature courses since many classics can be downloaded nowadays freely while scientific and engineer-scientific textbooks are can be very expensive.
Umschauen in any case.
The ISBN-number recommends for the pricing at books Joe Gault, 29, who soon will go to the Pepperdine Law School, since one can be so secure to find the correct textbook.
And before an online-order one should check, according to Gault, whether in fact the book is in stock.
He learned this lesson onto the hard tour.
He bought a book, that delivery time had and paid four weeks finally the full price in the college book store.
Why "Guardians of the Galaxy" did not become a cash box hit
"The Expendables 3" of New Year's Eve Stallone played less than 30 million dollars of his 90 million dollars of budgets in the USA one, during "Sin town: A lady to Kill For" only 12 million dollars of his budget of 70 million dollars played.
The film "Sex Tape" tailored to Cameron Diaz brought in at the opening weekend only 14.6 million dollars, during child films as "Dragon-curbing slightly donely 2 also with the case of the gains disappoint.
An article of the telegraph film critic Robbie Collin points out that at the child films the lack could be the reason at quality at the films themselves.
Collin designated in 2014 as "the worst year" up to now for child films and described "2 "Dragon-curbing slightly donely as a Fantasy continuation "functional" in that.
At films for an a little older target group it seems however, as if the quality of the films were absolutely not the problem.
In July Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore- and Metacritic evaluation for every summer film start, that between the American Memorial Day and the 20th July 2013 and in the current year on at least 2000 canvases was shown.
The results are based on the opinion of the cinemagoers and film critics and indicate that the this year's film hits are equivalent significant to those of the last year.
Some commentators think that the development is to put down changing seeing-habits and the wachsende popularity to himself from web-Streaming-services as Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau who currently works onto jungle book film soon appearing to Disneys said reporters opposite the web page Hollywood: "I believe, the times are changed."
We must accept that and not attempt to run after the past.
Unlike the currently weak cash box results of the Hollywood productions Netflix achieved in recent time turnovers with the Streaming contents at the level of 1.2 billion dollars, almost doppelt so viel as in the last year in which the turnover was 837 million dollars.
In the last summer the director Steven game mountain criticized the film studios, that they concentrated too very much on filmings adaptations of comics and a "nuclear fusion" Of Hollywood prophesied.
Seen in the light of the present downturn some commentators argue, that his gloomy prophecy can absolutely contain a true core
Due to the potential cash box hits to be expected in the summer 2015, under that Avengers: Other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic to Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, however:
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, described the drop of the cash box results recently as simply "cyclical" and reporter said opposite Hollywood: "The next summer will be the largest summer anyway at the cinema box office, and nobody will make himself for worries anymore around the business
When some years ago the 2nd table tennis district class was deleted for the purpose of tensioning of the league-division, that was a step into the correct direction.
Now the German Table Tennis Federal Government took an additional 3rd Federal League into the program.
The consequence: Who did not climb up descended.
So Göttingens class-highest team torpedo avoided indeed the descent in the Second League Relegation, plays in the coming season, however, only still fifth class.
Fourth-Class ladies have torpedoes, in spite of their overwhelming passage into the regional league.
The boys and girls of torpedo start in the Lower Saxony league, in the same way as the boys of the SC Weende.
Upon the SG Lenglern and the torpedo reserve enter in the new association league, in the country league no Göttinger clubs are more represented.
With the ladies the TTV Geismar in the association league, the torpedo-second in the country league, plays.
What of the composition looks like a better district class is now the new district Second League south.
Here Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, the FC of Weser and the TTC at, step torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, to TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen.
In the district league Dransfeld and the SC Weende allude as regional representatives, in which district class of the TTC II, red white, the Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III. The district Second League of the ladies begins at least in establishment.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are here with of the lot.
In the district league start torpedo III and Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen run.
With each nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girls to the small district league.
Also the district league relay of the SCW-boys - there torpedo II still sets off - is not complete.
In a district class Geismar, Tuspo Weende and the Bovender SV go into the season.
The two Göttinger circular leagues with each nine teams compete in the first season of the again based region association
In the west-relay torpedo IV and V, MTV Grone, Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II, are the red-white II, Bovender SV III, lukewarm creek II.
In the east-relay Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen, Santa Claus mountain and Landolfshausen play among other things.
The lady circular league consists of Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and the SG Rhume.
That is still better than in the circle Osterode, where there are not any lady-teams anymore at all on circular level.
Becoming noticeable, that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen reaches establishment, here the innovative and umtriebige circular executive board will have to be concerned already once.
Nato-peak First protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend there were protests of opponents of the Nato-peak in Newport.
On Saturday hundreds met in the center of Newport for an anti-Nato-march
On Sunday about 150 people came together in Cardiff before the nonlocal municipal hall in order to keep off a so-called Gegengipfel.
Stephen Fairclough pursued for us the developments at the weekend and spoken with demonstrators that traveled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenager flown out from the Blue Mountains
TWO youthful bush hikers were saved with the cable winch, after they were caught the night over in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
THE 16-year old girl and the 19-year old man opened shortly after Sunday noon into Blackheath for their tour in Govetts Leap.
Worried relatives called at about 20 o'clock the police when the two of them had not returned home.
A search squad from local police and rescue services opened and the pair became at about 23 o'clock near the Bridal Veil waterfalls found.
The girl had hurt herself at the knee and the man had fallen and he had hit his head.
Rescue teams stayed overnight at the pair, and they became on Monday tomorrow flown away.
You were taken to the Blue Mountains hospital in stable state with an ambulance.
Government-Hostile Protests in Pakistan escalate
The about 1000 demonstrators were pushed from the PTV-building by soldiers, said information minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The sender resumed the emission after well half an hour.
PTV-director Athar Farooq said the demonstrators equipped with sticks would have damaged devices in the editorial staff.
Dead or injured persons were not announced.
The demonstrators demand the resignation of the head of the government who they reproach for choice fraud.
The police informed, removed from the residence of the prime minister Nawaz Sharif about a kilometer it resulted on Monday in collisions of about 3000 demonstrators with security forces again.
According to hospital information a policeman was hurt.
At the weekend at least three people had been killed and hurt in more than 500, than demonstrators attempted to reach Sharifs residence.
You demand the resignation of the Prime Minister
The powerful military had called for a political solution of the conflict at the Sunday evening after a meeting in the army-headquarters "without wasting time and without using power
Wide one was called it in the communication "Their role has the army obligedly to guarantee the security of the state".
The escalating power stirred up worry before an intervention of the military that has in the past already more frequently geputscht.
The protests mentioned by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri last since the independence day on 14th August.
Sharif refuses a resignation
Khan and Qadri had appealed to their supporters on Sunday for waiting.
"We will not go back without having forced Sharif for the resignation said Khan.
Qadri was expressed similarly.
Khan reproaches Sharif to have won the parliament choice of year last in May through fraud.
Qadri demands the resignation the Central- and the province governments'.
Then a temporary government is supposed to reform the choice system and page new choices
More than 40 000 security forces are in action in order to protect the government quarter.
The demonstrators had waited at first peacefully before the parliament until khan and Qadri appealed at the weekend to her for reaching Sharifs residence.
Hütteldorfer according to second season victory on place three of the table.
With that 2:0 above Grödig a bitter week took a conciliatory end for Rapid on Sunday.
"The victory is very much freeing", said coach Zoran Barisic whose team had reached a Zwischentief with the Aus in the Europe League on Thursday.
"The success experience was sinisterly important", confirmed Kapitän and goal scorer Steffen Hofmann who pushed forward onto place three with green-white.
Schrammel dream gate brings Rapid on winner street Rapid showed the correct reaction with the second season victory onto the disappointment against Helsinki and goes with a success experience into the international match pause
"We wanted to show a positive reaction", said outside defender Thomas Schrammel who put the flanks from the Sechzehnereck with his marvellous leadership in the 14th minute on victory.
"I thought, I hau the whole frustration of the Thursday in that and cracked it under the slat the 26-year long one meant smilingly.
When Schrammel had hit at the 13th Novmember 2010 for the up to now last time in a Federal League lot, that was still for Ried.
He will have the first championship hit in the rapid-dress therefore in specific memory
"For me that is something very special, I am from the rapid junior staff", Schrammel said.
Due to the short-term basin of Mario Pavelic Schrammel moved from the left one onto the right defensive page and his thing made up also there very much.
He mirror-turned enough experience, that it can carry out this position also.
He earned the gate", he achieved "heuer" already some Assists", Barisic praised.
Team shows character Schrammel also the flank delivered to the 2:0 through court man after well an hour, that brought finally the decision.
Because before that also the guests could absolutely have chalked up.
"Thank God we had some luck today", noticed also Schrammel that alluded in this way to the Auseinanderklaffen of achievement and result in the last weeks: "The results were not right, but the playful thing was always good in comparison with the last year".
Barisic even found that one was "before better in many games than today" - against "the strongest team to play in this season in this stadium".
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July proved therefore, that the team structure is the setbacks zum Trotz intact: "Today my team showed that she has character".
For it not less pleasant: "That we played again at last to zero".
A lot work during international match pause Auch the circumstance, that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger several failure rates are to be lamented, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl as well as Philipp Schobesberger gave their Startelfdebüts, makes the victory even more valuable.
"One must not forget that", Barisic admonished that lost in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic Spieler "that were very stable in last time".
The international match pause must be used therefore, around "Wounds to leak and to hot up the pace a little in the physical field declared Barisic that has five U21 selection protagonists in his rows
One to whom the pause presumably comes especially sitedly is captain Hofmann.
It tears itself for the team, passes about pains.
Just in this difficult phase it showed that he is a very important player for us", stated Barisic.
Hofmann did not give only the structure to the game of Rapids before his exchanging in the 68th minute, but it achieved also the second gate.
For the 33-year long one that completed his 350th Federal League game it was the first hit out of the game since 2nd November 2013 (4:2 over the Admira).
Court man: "Must not" believe, that everything is good now We had luck secure also a little, but sometime the luck also to us must come back.
Now it was highest time", said Hofmann.
It admonished certainly too concentrated operations: "One must not see that always black and white.
We did not play in the last weeks as bad as that was represented.
We must not believe, however, either that everything is good now.
He could not deny the importance of his role for the team.
Nevertheless it is a very young team which I can help at the moment very much.
Nevertheless those ones stop themselves in certain phases at me" Hofmann said.
Grödig-coach Michael Baur had to reproach itself and his team for little.
He regretted the fast Gegentreffer "from the category charm gate", as well as the regular gate of user in the 40th minute that had been deprived of by referee Kollegger incorrectly.
The single reproach, that I am been able to do the team, that we were direction gate in some phases not concrete enough.
There too few had ends we.
It resembled inside defender Maximilian Karner: "It began now badly, then we found, however, in that and made even a gate.
On the whole more would have been in that.
There is silence under this treetop
We showed a powerful tribe during our puzzle task of the summer series "My piece of the Rhöner Glück" on the last Friday.
There are still several of these giant trees in the rural district, the shown copy is the "nanny-goat silence oak" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A bumpy footpath leads up to the about 600 years old oak.
It goes past Koppeln, basalt stone heap and Basaltsteinmeeren.
A small piece below the quarry of the farmer mountain, a kilometer north of the street to wise creek there it stands
The natural monument looks energetic, it projects over the other trees of the surroundings and it reminds of an American mammoth tree with an extent of more than eight meters.
A small Buddha on a tree stump points at it being a question of a spiritual or mystic place.
However, in spite of intense investigations there were only references to the name origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider consulted the Bischofsheimer archive extra and consulted older people from Unterweißenbrunn in order to find out which circumstance has it with the nanny-goat silence oak.
The result of his enquiries remained the quite sober declaration for the name.
Accordingly the goat herdsmen are supposed to have driven their animals until about 80 years ago onto the meadows arduously cleared and released from stones from Unterweißenbrunn.
At the foot of the tree the animal guardians exhausted from the rise are supposed to have taken a rest.
Meanwhile the field gained his importance back, because on the meadows goat herds graze in fact again.
The field was in addition declared as the nuclear zone of the biosphere reservation, if Schneider kept on finding the way out.
During the entrance of the stone crowds one should make however, caution prevail, because the basalt warmed up by the sun is some popular whereabouts also for common vipers.
A footpath leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree which, however, is a little hidden.
Further ways are signposted, climb up the direction Hochrhön and invite to an extensive excursion
Where does the water castle stand
A water castle which is searched during our next task is to be found, however, rather rare in the height
The reflection in the ditch gives already a good impression of the construction however, we have some historical constructions in the rural district, to which the building portrait could fit.
Where is our "piece of the Rhöner Glück"?
My piece of Rhöner luck
As with the case of former series of the main mail office in last years there is also heuer to gain prices again if they have the correct solution.
Who photographs even gladly can also join in.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt@mainpost.de you can send us the solution and also your very personal "piece of the Rhöner Glück" under this keyword
The most beautiful photos are published.
After tug-of-war lasting for weeks the nomination of his exterior minister Federica Mogherini put through week Italy's prime minister and current EU chairperson, Matteo Renzi, last against strong conservative resistances on the EU special peak as a head of the EU foreign policy, she becomes successor of the Briton Catherine Ashton.
Renzi considers as a strengthening of the position of the social democrats and his own ones in the EU the appointment of his Mogherini being regarded as a favorite also in the government team as the government-near daily paper displays La Repubblica.
He expects also an impetus of that for his "reform parcel in Italy.
Last but not least Renzi hopes for setting also the left party basis rebelling against it again and again in this way quietly because Mogherini becomes this - when also rather in moderate manner - assigned.
Opposite the conservative representatives with commission president Jean-Claude Juncker and the Pole Donald Tusk nominated as council presidents, so the predominating opinion in Rome is made in this way a political compensation
Because the chief diplomat of the EU becomes simultaneously deputy of the commission president Juncker.
The still outstanding approval of the EU parliament is regarded as secure
Otherwise President of the State Giorgio Napolitano would not have mentioned presumably hardly an "important recognition" of the role of Italy in the EU the nomination of the 41 year old politician of the ruling Democratic party (PD).
La Repubblica spreads optimism, that the Mogherini proven for almost two decades in leading party offices and known to their ambition will show herself increased to the "enormous challenges".
The native Roman is married and has two daughters.
The promovierte Politologin began your party career in 1996 in the youth organization of the former Democratici di Sinistra (Link democrats) who joined itself Margherita with the Catholic center party to the present social-democratic PD in 2008.
In 1999 Mogherini became vice-president of the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth (European young socialists) for three years.
With the choice 2001 into the party council of the link democrats she got into the high party politics, foreign policy whose head she soon became worked in the department.
She filled traditional emphases of Italian foreign policy as the Near East, became through studies the NATO insertion in Afghanistan, participated in the Italy with a troop contingent is, confessed maintained, the contacts to the social democrats in Europe and to the democrats in the USA.
Since 2008 she is a member of the chamber of deputies in which she is an expert for defense and European and international matters.
When Renzi became prime minister in February 2014, he appointed Mogherini as his exterior minister.
If the PD has today again a better relation to the strong peace movement in the country that contributed to the more than 40 percent of voices of the party at the EU choices in May, Federica Mogherini has a part of that then how in PD-circles is noted down.
The reproaches in Brussels, the new EU exterior representative has too little diplomatic experience, substance is missing therefore, counters in the PD.
In Brussels, particularly from Poland and the Baltic members mistrustfully realistic accents of Mogherinis for the crisis are pursued in Ukraine and defamed as "a Russia-friendly course".
She approves the pipeline South Stream practiced by the Russian Gasprom company above which Russian natural gas is supposed to be transported under avoidance of Ukraine directly according to Southern Europe, which is used also for the energy protection of Italy.
After Renzi had entered upon his term of office in July as a EU chairperson, Mogherini for their first state visit traveled to Moscow.
Photos that showed it with Putin at the Shake-hands were received in Brussels with indignation, in the same way, that they invited the Kremlin leader for October to one May countries economic peaks
In total nine young people began on Monday their training at emz-Hanauer in Nabburg.
An Azubi which already before finished another training in the enterprise is under that.
In four training professions the new employees are in the future active: Electronic technicians (three trainees), Mechatroniker (two), tool mechanics (two) and procedure mechanics (two).
All Azubis come from the rural district swan village: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from nine castle in front of the forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd as well as Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees went before to main and/or central schools and secondary schools.
Of Wednesday until Friday the trainees of all age-groups go as well as the instructor for a team education event to upper bunting district, where a full-time excursion and rafting are among other things on the Inn on the program.
The enterprise counts Germany-wide 435 and worldwide 950 employees.
The number of the trainees about all age-groups distributes is 27.
The socialists in France should "keep quiet and tidy up France", the most important ally of Francois Hollande said.
The deeply fissured left winger appealed to Mr Valls for showing "their love" for the controversial socialist president whose cabinet reshuffle bumped onto disapproval with the great majority of the French.
The president earns everyone's respect, he earns our loyalty, he earns our support.
"It is our duty to stay at his page he said in the case of great applause.
As an appeasing gesture the prime minister insisted, that his government the controversial 35-hour week in France in spite of vehement demands for a loosening of the regulation on the part of Emmanuel Macrons, that new minister's of Economy, not into consideration will put.
On Saturday Mr Hollande had appealed to his Mitsozialisten for that urgently, "unites" with the government show.
But Christiane Taubira, the justice minister, scattered sand into the gear in which it occurred at a meeting of disloyal socialist representatives and criticized the Socialist party for that that it takes the French "the belief in their future".
Marine Le Pen, the leader of the National Front standing far to the right, mocked the constant ditch fights of the socialists and it said that the new Valls will keep up government longer than a few months that she cannot introduce herself.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without dresses, but prince Manuel Valls does not have also any, they are forced to form a new government if the old one has not survived a summer once.
"And the new one will not "survive" also the fall or winter, said Ms Le Pen opposite supporters.
She repeated the call to a solution of the parliament according to their party and said it is confident in the case of preferred choices than to emerge winner and be ready for the government.
The ruling party of France suffered a defeat at the local choices in March and the rechtsgerichtete National front was near the EU choices in May in front.
An inquiry in the Sunday newspaper journal you Dimanche turned out, that 76 percent of the French think that the Socialist party of the danger to fall apart into several rival factions before the end of the term of office getting-country in 2017 is misfired.
Pascal of Perrineau, a political scientist at the Sciences bottom university, warned against the patience losing the French quickly if the new socialist government does not achieve any improvement of the economy and the record numbers of unemployed.
"There is a small window for possibilities, but the public opinion must feel quickly that the things are changed", it warned.
Otherwise the situation keeps on being able to worsen.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before one deal with prestige of Cruises of 3 billion $
Norwegian Cruise Line holding companies Ltd NCHL.or, the third-tallest cross going-provider of the world, prestige Cruises International Inc leads according to experts of the branch advanced negotiations to the acquisition of the competitor for about 3 billion $.
A deal would give Norwegian Cruise, an enterprise with a market value of 6.8 billion $, access to the luxury cruise ships of prestige Cruises as well as to his prosperous custom while it is standing with taller rivals as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) in the competition.
An agreement could be announced already in this week, the sources said on Sunday and warned against the conversations, however, being able to end also without any result result.
The properties' of prestige Cruises, the Private-Equity-Gesellschaft of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) has also a part of 20 percent of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked for being able to remain anonymous since the negotiations are not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and prestige Cruises did not answer requests around comments while a speaker was refusing a comment for Apollo.
The enterprise Norwegian Cruise resident in Miami practices 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean Sea, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
His gains were in 2013 near 2.57 billion $, a rise of 13 percent in comparison with 2012.
Oceania and sovereign acts prestige of Cruises, settled also in Miami, under the brand names, the together eight cross going-ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean Sea, North America, Asia, Africa and South America practice.
It announced to gains for 2013 of 1.2 billion $, a rise of 6 percent in comparison with the previous year.
The cruise branch is in total near about 29 billion $ and in the next years it becomes for them due to the strengthening of the middle class in newly industrialized countries how expects China and India.
The enterprises attempt for these new customers as the best choice with the cruise providers to position.
Prestige Cruises applied for the initial public offering near the US regulators in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority stockholder in the enterprise for one 850 million $ deal 2007.
Norwegian Cruise arose through a fusion with a cruise provider in his present form in the year 2000 in the possession of Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure time and casino conglomerate under the control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested in 2008 1 billion $ in Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went in January 2013 onto the stock exchange.
Genting held at the end of June 28 percent of the parts for licensing authorities aloud, Apollo 20 percent of the parts and the Private-Equity-Gesellschaft TPG Capital LP a part of 8 percent of the enterprise.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise have together 82 percent of the passenger capacities according to that of the initial request documents for the initial public offering of prestige Cruises at American cruise ships.
Pros-Hong Kong activists condemn China on the day according to the choice decision.
A Peking-loyal group waved the Chinese flag near.
The constant committee of the National Nation Congress adopted on Sunday a skeleton law which admits only two or three candidates for the leadership choice in Hong Kong in the year 2017.
All candidates must achieve first of all the support of a nomination committee which is probably busy with Peking-loyal members of the majority.
Through this decision it approves almost impossible for oppositionist democrats for the choice, and led pro-democracy activists to that, to realize their threat and with "Occupy Central" protests the Hong Kong financial center cripple.
Political reforms are for a long time a controversial topic in Hong Kong; and the party leadership of China fears, that the calls after democracy stretch onto other cities.
After the publication of a Pekinger white book in which in June the dominance of China was explained above Hong Kong democracy activists kept off an unofficial referendum for the dialing method system in the special administration region with the case of which Hunderttausende marched into the business district of the city and organized a Sit-in there.
Lis questioning is organized by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese connection office in Hong Kong.
The deputy chairperson of the justice commission of the constant committee, Zhang Rongshun as well as the Second Vice President manager of the office for matters of Hong Kong and Macao of the state council, Feng Wei, should be consulted during the day.
Studentische activists announced to meet in the afternoon before the office of the leadership top in Hong Kong.
Great Britain did not plan any democratic elements up to the final phase of the 150-year long colonial government in Hong Kong.
Putin demands the photo from Kiev from "Staatlichkeitsgesprächen" with east Ukraine
The Russian president Wladimir Putin demanded according to Russian media reports on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stops the fights against the separatists in the east of the country and incorporates them immediately with negotiations for the "Staatlichkeit" of the disloyal region
His speaker Dimitri Peskow explained later that Putin did not think in this way that the field of east Ukraine standing under the control of the separatists becomes a part of Russia, but that his status must be defined opposite Ukraine again in order to give the power to the representation of his rights and interests to the Russian-speaking region
Putins appeal to the Kiewer government to negotiations on eye level with the pro-Russian insurgents matches, however, the strategy since beginning of the outrages five months ago apparently hunted by him: Help for the separatists while taking from fields and pressure on the Ukrainian government, around the again proclaimed region Novorossija actual independence for an alliance with Russia instead of making possible with the west.
In an interview with the state television broadcast station channel One Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign for the moving-conquest of the fields held by separatists in the eastern regions Donezk and Luhansk, that in March and were taken April, after Moscow had annexed the Ukrainian peninsula Crimea on 18th March.
The Kremlin and the separatists referred in last time to the taken field as "Novorossija" or "Neurussland", a concept that reminds of the vorrevolutionäre heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin referred, that all those ones, who in the course of the campaigns of Ukrainian politicians for the choices on 26th Oct. and while government groups are attacking civilian municipalities in the fields held by separatists hope for quick peace conversations "in their illusions caught" are, told Itar-Tass.
"We must record detailed conversations immediately, not only to technical questions, but also to the political organization of the society and the state status of south-east Ukraine in order to protect the interests of the people living there" he said.
It said to Peskow that Putins reference to the Staatlichkeit in the context with the greater autonomy which is discussed by the Kiewer leadership for months must be seen in order to dispel apprehensions in Russian-speaking fields that their cultural and linguistic rights are endangered.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern fields, said Peskow.
It is not a question here of negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, Peskow said "because it is not a question of a conflict between Russia and Ukraine but around an internal conflict in Ukraine."
The clarification of the Kremlin speaker to the correction of the "faulty interpretation" of Putins remarks underlined the claim to leadership of Russia with the case of the contact with the separatistic rebellion in the east unlike the direct Annektion of the Crimea, on which the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have annexed far greater difficulties the regions Donezk and Luhansk in east Ukraine there most of the 6.5 million inhabitants no Russians are and turned out inquiries from the time in front of the conflict a wide majority for the whereabouts in Ukraine.
The autonomy which was spoken to by Russian diplomats on international forums would give the regional governments in Ukraine proxy to discuss own commercial agreements and exterior relationships, and give so the Kremlin de facto the control of a field which combines the Russian state field with the Crimea.
The home port for the majority of the Russian navy as well as an important commercial port and historical coast region is the five months ago annexed peninsula in the Black Sea.
The regions between the Rostowgebiet in Russia and the Crimea is in addition rich of mines, factories and foundries that manufacture important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko suggested during his speech for the inauguration on 7th June that the Ukrainian legislation is supposed to consider - after new choices - additions to the constitution with which a greater control is empowered to the respective fields about their finances and the status of the languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems to support in sharp contrast those of the Kremlin and the separatistic rebels whose armament and Aufstachelung Moscow are reproached.
Putins last request at Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders on eye level followed after a further advance of the rebels in the last week after Russian troops and tanks about the before peaceful region along the Asowschen sea penetrated east Ukraine.
The separatists supported by Russia took control in the surprise attack which according to apprehensions of Ukrainian security guards the first step of a campaign for the takeover is to the strategic coast region up to the Crimea from Nowoasowsk.
For this reason massive civilian and military preparations started, around Mariupol, to fortify a steel industry harbor with 500,000 inhabitants that lies between Nowoasowsk and the narrow access to the Crimea peninsula.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday at a meeting of the EU leadership in Brussels and asked urgently a former Soviet republic which is independent for 23 years for actions in order to prevent a further Russian aggression against Ukraine.
"We to stand shortly before a point at which there is not any back anymore" warned Poroshenko.
There are thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU peak did not conclude any concrete actions, the leadership demanded the draft of further sanctions against Russia which are supposed to come into force with the case of an unspecified escalation of the Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk after two Russian tank columns and 1,000 soldiers penetrated the Donezkregion last week in order to support the besieged separatists, said colonel Andrij Lysenko, speaker of the Ukrainian of National Security and Defense Council reports on Saturday in Kiev.
The first presumably 63 Ukrainian soldiers to be included into Ilowajsk by the Russian idea were exchanged on Sunday for 10 Russian paratroopers that a week ago had been taken caught on Ukrainian field, Lysenko informed on Sunday.
Naked photo scandal around Australian Promis and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten did not do any secret around his trouble at hacker, who presumably stole naked pictures of his Gabi Grecko Become Engaged and a Who is Who of the A-Promis from Hollywood.
The film studio is in excitement, after a series of unequivocal photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a Hackingskandal around Promis in the Internet have emerged.
The hacker, responsible for that, has presumably 60 naked photos from Lawrence, star from "the tolls of Panem" and of superstars, under that the models cottage Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and leas of Michelle as well as the actress Kirsten Dunst.
Of the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, also private photos supposedly became public to Emily Browning, to Yvonne Strahovski, and to Grecko from Melbourne due to an iCloud gap.
On the list 101 Promis stand
Confidential said most noble to have become engaged to Grecko last month opposite: "It is repulsive."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, to the time in New York, said reports according to an information web page, that the Hack is "shameful" and that the concerned persons felt "itself hurts".
The hacker has presumably 30 pictures of Palmer with their ex-friend Scott Speedman, under that two photos in which it is topless in a pool.
To the film works Palmers belong "Love is invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-star Strahovski and the actress Browning from Sucker Punch were not available yesterday for comments on the chopped pictures.
A representative Lawrence' said TMZ opposite: "It is a loathsome injury of the privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen condemned the hacker in his tweet: "To post "chopped pictures from a mobile is not anything different than the sale of receiver of stolen goods product."
In that legally seen the spreading of stolen pictures should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and hikers were there yesterday during the 8th cycling onto the Big Field Mountain and supported in this way the association "Help for cancer-sick children".
The tour which was a torture for ones represented a slight training for the others.
In one they all agreed agreed to themselves, however: It did fun.
Thomas Studanski might have slept last night well.
Because for the first time in his life the head of the Oberurseler brewery went onto the field mountain yesterday with the wheel.
For the good purpose.
He can wegstecken the small muscle ache there easily, especially it the participation in the 8th cycling onto the Big field mountain for the benefit of the association "Help for cancer-sick children" (Frankfurt) also personally a valuable discovery has brought.
A fabulous thing.
"I know now, that I that can - excellently!"
Small Päuschen on the way in the applause curve?
Nee, if I had stopped once, wär's from been...
As Thomas Studanski, who is in the Oberurseler city parliament for the CDU, many of the 718 participants tormented themselves yesterday to shale in the morning dew and arrived the exhaustion near, but happily on the plateau.
Other on the other hand it fell easier, that to overcome eleven kilometers long stretch well between Hohemark and field mountain.
Norman Dießner for example.
The greens politician completely performing in reds from the kreis assembly - red dress, red Bike - did at the start still a little on understatement ("Every amount pros, there arriving is the objective proved then, however, at the mountain nevertheless as a half pro and went after 45 minutes without breathlessness through the objective
Also it drove the stretch in a slide, as also Nina Kuhn, press spokeswoman of the city of Oberursel that had made itself together with Frank Grüneisen onto the way.
For the two tri-athletes the "field mountain cycling" was absolutely not a sporting challenge: "Here it is a question of Charity, there we are gladly with in this case - we" would have "done" an exit" today anyhow", according to Kuhn.
On the way they had hit Paul Wenzel from Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) had gone down at the morning according to Oberursel in order to thrash about onto the height now on that again.
The inhabitant of Frankfurt Florian Zierz had vaulted into the saddle at the morning at 9 o'clock at home, two times "did" the field mountain in order to roll home then with fun.
Also "Fritten-Toni" had fun.
For the head of the Oberurseler cult kiosk bicycle tours simply belong over the field mountain for this purpose.
It had headed with his 6.5-kilo racing cycle for 40 minutes.
A mad event.
For this purpose - there I am gladly in this case, Andreas Balzke meant".
The trained inhabitant of Mainz it says from themselves that he is an "ambitious running-cyclist".
It must be that also, because it was with the "Fixie wheel" on the way, those ones are indeed also racing cycles, however without switching
Not only the 20 hikers who climbed about the White Wall and the fox dance to the peak but also a jogger who dragged along a car tire with weights at a cord behind himself proved that it went loosely also without wheel up.
Mountain guard doctor professor Volker Lischke said that guaranteed for security with his team, equipped with space wheel Bully and Quad: "The kenn" I from Frankfurt, that trains for a specific Schlittentrail only that he simply pulls the sledge himself". The man is therefore in a way his own sledge dog.
The 718 participants - and in this way as many as still never - had been sent at the morning in groups onto the stretch
The hikers first at 9.30 o'clock.
The first cyclists and runners at 10 o'clock followed.
Five minutes later the first Mountainbiker started.
Bent Hansen, chairperson of the association "Radeln onto the Big Field Mountain", gave the starting commands and wished the participants a beautiful excursion.
For next year he hopes for succeeding in blocking the stretch to the field mountain for the security the participant.
