The Prime Minister of India and Japan "s met in Tokyo.
India "s new Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on his first important trip abroad, since his election in May its Japanese counterparts Shinzo Abe in learning, in order to discuss economic and security policy relations.
Mr Modi is on a five-day journey to Japan, in order to consolidate the economic relations with the third largest economy in the world.
Plans for a stronger nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda.
According to reports India in addition hopes for a contract for the defense cooperation between the two nations.
Police of Karratha arrest 20-year to rapid motorcycle hunt
A motorcycle was seized, after the drivers it with 125 km / h in a 70 km / had driven between and scrublands in order to escape the police in Bilbara.
Transport policemen in Karratha tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle having saw how a service station left it with 125 kilometers on the bad date road.
The police tell that the driver ignored the stop signals then and drove them further on the Burgess Road before it turned into the bush country, where the officials lost it from the eyes.
The motorcycle, as well as a person who the description of the driver was later have been seen in the House to expire at the Way in Bulgarra.
The police of Karratha accuse a 20-year old man of the nonobservance of a stop signal as well as inconsiderate driving.
It is supposed to appear on 23rd September before the district court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was put in prison and confiscated for three months.
George Webster accused of hotel rapes in Naim and Pitlochry
A man is for the rape of women in two hotels in court.
The accusation was read out with the case of a hearing to George Webster, 28, by the uppermost Court in Glasgow.
He is accused, to have raped a woman on 7th June 2013 in the Scotland 's hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire.
The indictment that Webster attacked, while it was unconscious, could signal, and no agreement. '
Webster is in addition reproached to have violated on 4th May 2014 a second woman in the gulf view hotel in Naim in the Scotch highlands.
Judge Lady Rae planned the hearing in Edinburgh in November 17 of the Supreme Court.
Going back to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
The Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have tabled a proposed law in order to build the organisation of trade unions as some civil rights.
'Die as trade unions, die the means class jobs,' Ellison said, a democrat in Minnesota and deputy chairman of the Progressive people in Congress.
That is why I am proud, together with the citizens right icon John Lewis the employees empowerment law.
This landmark law gives workers the same legal opportunities in the case of discrimination because of the Organization of trade unions as with other forms of discrimination - and forces in such a land unionized stopped.
The addition of national work right law, in order to create an opportunity for a discrimination abandoned workers to organise a union representation in order to bring a complaint before a civil court for justice - and in order to obtain compensation or penalty - is a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it is not a radical initiative with security - at least not according to American standards.
In fact the best kind and manner for the sense of what Ellison, Lewis and the further sponsors of their bill suggest is the connection back for a very American idea.
In spite of the setbacks to whom the trade unions were misfired in the last years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states in the whole country - Americans encouraged once countries in all world to acknowledging stretching and stopping industrial law.
There was a time which millions of Americans still remember, when this country mentioned democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the union right in a breath.
When Japan filled the United States after the Second World War, general Douglas Mac Arthur and his stick encouraged the country to adopting a constitution which is supposed to guarantee that the militarized autocracy Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full consciousness of that, that the workers and their trade unions during the creation of a new Japan took a role, they used a language that acknowledged explicitly that "the rights of the workers to union and common negotiating and action are guaranteed."
When the United States fill after the Second World War Germany, general Dwight David Eisenhower and his stick pushed the Germans, to write a constitution that would provide that that the fascism Adolf Hitlers would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact, that the workers would have to organize, and should rise their voice in the new nation, the Germans inserted a stipulation that testified explicitly: "The right to base unions around which Work and economical conditions to safeguard and to improve is guaranteed to every individual and every profession or trade.
To curtail it agreements that restrict this right or are aimed at that are zero and vain; measures being aimed at that are unlawful.
When the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the chairmanship about the International Human Rights Commission from which the General declaration of the human rights was projected as it was taken over in 1948 of the United Nations as a worldwide agreement Roosevelt and the other authors inserted a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form trade unions to the protection of his interests or to join them."
Since generations Americans accept the basic premise that labour rights are human rights.
As this country other countries in this case advised as one can shape civilian and democratic societies Americans declared that the right to the foundation of a trade union must be protected - and on this trade union may participate in collective negotiations as an equivalent significant partner with enterprises and government places then.
After these rights is turned out in America under fire, indeed very points to make clear the American ideal, therefore, the working population must be right to unite and voice to be heard in a free and open society.
How pastor Martin Luther King, Jr., who said fifty years ago:
The story is a great teacher.
Now they all know that the labor movement did not restrict the strength of the nation, but extended it.
Through the increase of the standard of living of millions of people work created a market in wondrous way for the industry and raised the entire nation to inconceivable production levels.
Those who attack the work, forget these simple truths, but the story is preserved.
The history remembers, and we should also do that.
The formal recognition the industrial law as human rights - and the enlargement of the protection of the civil rights as protection against discrimination during the creation of employee representations - is for a long time overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals which made America big in the past and kept the promise of democracy.
Richter stops law temporarily, that all abortion clinics could force in Louisiana for the closing
A US federal judge stopped on Sunday the conversion of a law into Louisiana, from which attorneys say that it would presumably have led to the closing of all five abortion clinics of the state, temporarily.
This measure which was raised by Bobby Jindal, governor of Louisiana, in June for the law and is supposed to come into force on 1st Sept. would force doctors who carry out abortions to gaining a reception admission right near a hospital within a radius of 30 miles around their practice.
The decision of the judge means, however, that the doctors for the time being legally abortions continue to carry out, while they can apply for such a right.
"The plaintiffs can continue working law-consistently while they are making an effort to obtain these rights, wrote federal judge John deGravelles in its judgment.
Within a month will be set a hearing for the judges, for the law in order to bring about a more permanent decision.
Abortion proponents welcomed the decision, the youngest one in a series of judgments against similar measures and said that doctors would win so more time in order to attain hospital installation rights.
"Meant" the present decision that the women escape "in Louisiana" "an insidious law that wants to take their health and their rights from them", Nancy Northup, president and chairperson of the center for reproduction rights that had complained on behalf of three of the five clinics of the state in order to stop the law, said.
It was not immediately clear whether the judgment applied also to the doctors from the two clinics which had not followed the complaint and applied also installation rights at it.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that enacted similar laws and courts have recently declared such measures in Alabama and Mississippi for not constitution.
Key places of a law in Texas, which would have forced most of the clinics remained in the state for the closing, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion supporter and the American college of Ostretricians and Gynecologists, as well as the American Medical Association say that investment rights require unnecessary restrictions from doctors.
Abortion opponents argue that the measures are used for the protection of the health of women, although some welcomed the effects of a closure of clinics.
Only a doctor who carries out in Louisiana abortions, has Patienteineinweiserechte, told the Centre for reproductive rights.
If all remaining doctors are forced in the state not to carry out any abortions anymore, this doctor would not carry out the operation anymore for fear around his security said the group.
Their argument against the judgment said representatives of the State of Louisiana that they would punish no doctors because of the implementation of abortion, would be during their requests for I way rights still pending.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment lead to higher death rates by ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have a video tribute for their mother online, the 2007 ovarian cancer.
For women in the rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of ovarian cancer to die than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians with whom in 2005 ovary cancer was found, and stated that only 25 percent were still at the life five years according to the diagnosis.
The chief research officer Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research institutes said, that for those ones that lived in rural and remote regions of the state the mortality risk during the study lay about 20 percent higher than for those ones in town areas.
Small study: New medicines could slow down lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers investigated the health care of women more than seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman in the diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, existing previous illnesses as well as social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer had continued to the diagnosis time already further the survival rate was low.
For those ones that lived in rural and remote regions of the state the mortality risk lay during the study about 20 percent higher than for those ones in town areas.
Although the study did not examine, why outside of the city living women with higher probability at ovary cancer died, Dr. Jordan presumes a late diagnosis and the lacking access to the best treatment centers as possible factors for that.
'This disease is best dealt with by gynaecological oncologists, and these are to be found in major cities,' she said.
Despite the improvement of telemedicine services to counter the distances with something it has proposed strengthening the service of doctors flown in as possible in order to give specialists able to look after women more densely at their place of residence and treatment programmes for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said, that the study showed a bad long-term survival rate independently of the geographical status with women in the ovary cancer and underlined it the need for better treatment and provision strategies.
The study financed by Rio tinto ride to conquer Cancer is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013 Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years of the gold coast, found out that she had an aggressive form of ovary cancer.
Garden centres regret falling house owners pay
The decline, together with a growing decline in the number of homeowners under 35 years could leave garden centers tens of thousands of pounds annually lose if today "s young consumers reach the" nuclear age group for garden products according to a study by the HTA, as in the Financial Times.
The report says that tenants spend on the average 55 percent of the amount which people with freehold dwelling spend for their garden.
The increase in the number of people living in highly urbanised areas without Gardens, the procedures, to viewfinder more St-Pierre backyards to Park purposes and the declining garden size are further factors that threaten the industry, in the estimated to be implemented £5 billion per year in the sale.
In the London metropolitan area in which over a period of six years, the share of homeowners fell from 61 on 43% minimum spending on garden products per household is being said.
The HTA and the Royal horticultural Society refer to living for the rent or small gardens not meaning that the people cannot grow any plants.
Guy important, said head garden consultants for the +: 'Container gardeners, for example, is very popular in tenants, because they can take their plants in moving.'
The interview identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the garden individual trade as a result of rising house owners are charged and economic prosperity of the late 1980 "s until the middle of the 1990s.
He predicted for this year also improved market situation because of the better weather after unfriendly weather conditions in March and April last year.
The opposition politicians Imran Khan and the clergy Tahirul Qadri mentioned protest movement in Pakistan continues.
In the Islamabad capital about 1000 demonstrators stormed the state television broadcast station PTV.
Information minister Pervaiz Rashid said soldiers could have urged the protestors from PTV-building.
The station stopped his company for about 40 minutes, but is now.
At the same time, about 3,000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence from Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Around a quarter of them provided they are equipped with and stones clashes with security forces.
The police used tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded of Sharif resignation, this rejects the but.
Meanwhile, the army of the country calls for a political solution to the conflict "without wasting time and without using violence.
After a meeting in the headquarters of the Sunday evening, the military informed: "Their role has the army committed to guarantee the safety of the state.
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already taken more frequently.
The opposition politician Prime Minister Sharif charges Imran Khan to have cheated during the parliamentary election in May last year.
The protests escalated at the weekend after Khan and Qadri had called on to their supporters to achieve Sharif residence.
In this case, three people had been killed.
Turkey appoints US diplomat because of espionage report
The Turkish Foreign Office has the longest-serving US diplomats of the country to information a report on American and British espionage in Turkey been called in.
Deputy Prime Minister Bülent said that the business carrier of the US Embassy and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine of The Mirrors as well as the online magazine The intercept announced, that those ones show from the former US analyst of the National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, that Turkey was a main activity field for the US American and British secret services.
According to Turkish news agencies, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan the importance of the report and said that all important countries spied on each other.
A former report, that also the most important secret service of Germany Ankara had in the visor, guaranteed for reactions of the Turkish government clearly more annoyed.
Warning strike: Train drivers are threatening consequences for commuters
The federal token strike of train drivers on Monday evening could also affect the passenger transport in NRW.
The strike announced for 18 to 21 o 'clock affects all traffic societies, also the distance, regional and interurban train traffic, in a nationwide way,
The main thrust of the warning strikes is the transport of goods.
Photo: A. Burgi / Archiv
The chairman of the trade union said deutscher to engine driver (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Düsseldorf.
We expect substantial failure rates.
There is not regional priorities.
The main thrust of the warning strikes is the transport of goods.
The German railways in NRW announced to do everything in order to hold the effects in a as small way as possible.
The Chairman did not say, however, where it wants to strike, so that it is difficult to foresee the consequences in practical terms.
Police chief accused of the corruption by Magaluf
The prosecutors presented on Friday proofs of blackmails to the office of the public prosecutor of Majorca through policemen and employees of the city of Calvià.
The head of the police of Calvià on the Majorca vacation island was arrested after corruption reproaches by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious Binge-Drinking hot spot Magaluf.
Main superintendent José Antonio Navarro was taken after corruption reproaches against it by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street in which most bars and night clubs of Magaluf lie in remand in custody.
According to the online newspaper the island of Majorca Diario put the prosecutors the Office of the Public Prosecutor for corruption of the island of Majorca on Friday evidence of blackmail from police and staff of the city of Calvià.
Two more local policemen were arrested by the Spanish Guardia Civil in connection with the corruption reproaches and are consulted together with Navarro by a judge.
The national Spanish newspaper ABC reported that the vexing night club owners found the patronage of the authorities has serious effects on their business.
"It is no longer a question of making money, it is a question of survival," one of the businessmen told the court.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made international headlines in this summer due to a viral YouTube video, in which an 18 year old British tourist was shown that carried out at 24 men during a drinking-tour Fellatio.
The island authorities tried since then to freeze the disorderly behavior holiday-maker drunk in Magaluf when the number of participants in the notorious alcohol-soaked bar at was minimized.
The Playhouse Club, in which the Fellatiovorfall for one year, was forced to close, while Playhouse and the pubs tour organizer carnage together a punishment of 55,000 €(73,000 have to pay $).
The tourist place Magaluf that is popular before all with young British holiday-makers is known also for many accidents under alcohol influence, under that also the trend of the "Balconing" with the human being of a balcony on the other hand or of a balcony into the hotel pool jump.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from the airport Adelaide
The spring brought a winter surprise to South Australia, with severe taking a shower and strong wind, which affected flights from the airport Adelaide.
At the evening until 21 o 'clock further 5mm of rain fell on the city, after 6,6mm which had come down already in the night to the Sunday.
The last fallout was the result of a row short, stormy shower, including a casting that began shortly before 20 o 'clock and fallout guaranteed for almost 4mm in about 10 minutes.
After the winter made last week for an early dose of spring, the temperatures in the city again on Monday to a maximum of only 15.8 ° C.
The gusty weather conditions probably led to the late landing of a flight from Virgin Airlines from Melbourne according to Adelaide.
The plane would end up shortly after 7.30 p.m., was taken by a shear wind - a sudden change in the wind speed or -- Direction on a short distance - and had to start
Blasts of wind reached about 50 k.p.h. to this time at the ground on the airport Adelaide.
The flight data showed that the plane had to kick-start with regard to a second landing and finally came down such 8.40 p.m..
The flight delay led in the consequence to the delay of some other flights, including an emirate-flight from Dubai and a Quantas-Flugs from Sydney.
For Adelaide a maximum temperature is on Tuesday predicted by 16 ° C, with possible showers.
Matthies means: Highest time for the great cross-linking
Faced with the galloping technical progress that it threatens to change our comfortable into High-Tech control rooms home our columnist Bernd Matthies with some extremely familiar electronic accessories comforts himself.
While I am writing that here, my look falls onto the coiled cord which unites the listener with the telephone, and I think: Boah, as retro that is then?
But a consideration is behind that: If the cable was not, all listeners would fly around in shortest time in an abandoned way in the house, and that would be still significantly more retro.
Already applies in the disgust Tron, (disgust Tron,?
No, typing error: Electronic) sector the rule that the world novelty is electronic waste from today, from tomorrow, bought - is out of date.
And who has a tube television set for example today still in the living room, that one only says in this way that he refuses television fundamentally.
Why these considerations?
Because the pushing of the IFA makes our absolute incompetence to us clear again at the radio tower in this week in questions of the electronics.
The layman who mastered formerly washing machine and CD Player blindly does not understand today even the purpose of the devices which are spread with incomprehensibly vain Expertensprech in front of it "connected Home, Wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies" promise us the press office.
It still works?
Over what one is supposed to talk to people, the apparently voluntary such curd expand?
Basically it is a question for about 20 years particularly of our being supposed to cross-link our house most pleasingly.
So that the yogurt itself reorders itself so that the fire detector on vacation informs us on the Maldives that it burns in the study Grad.
And would it not be wonderful if we by the office from the airconditioning on our early arrival...?
Yes, however, requires an air conditioning.
But a dream will certainly will soon be true: We raise our watch, tell her according to 'vacuuming!' - and at home from the dust Aug.
Misleading.
Everything does not come to anything smaller than a revolution does: "The borders between white and brown product become blurred", a branch expert whispers, one can connect the washing machine with some headphones, who sends to steam the weather report and the data glasses indicate how long the pizza still needs in the oven, what, however, does not use anything because we stand in the jam.
From the daily practice we also know: If a fashionable equipment is really urgently needed, is guaranteed the battery empty.
What a further reason for this is that the coiled cord will withstand the next radio shows at the telephone.
Israeli children return after the war to their schools in Gaza
Dew senders of Israeli children from the fields near the Gaza Strip returned on Monday to the schools after they had spent the summer in air-raid shelters while missile and mortar bombardment was coming down onto their municipalities during the 50-day long war between Israel and the Hamas and they were remaining the schools in Gaza locked while the field was recovering from the fights.
The school start brought a feeling to the municipalities drawn from missile bullet-hole holes from joy and expectation in the south of Israel, but the signs of the fights are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod employees of the "Pashosh" -kindergarten, which was hit by a missile removed shrapnel shards of the walls and shifting-walls prior to the arrival of the students.
'We have a bit fear, but are excited,' said Ronit Bart, someone who lives on in the Kibbutz Saad and teacher there.
Many children from our area urgently need the return to a routine.
Your 11-year old daughter Shani Bart said it feels "a little funnily" suddenly again to go into the school.
'The were difficult times, and we have not gone at all from the House,' she said.
President Reuven Rivlin went to the Kibbutz near the border to Gaza, in order to offer his support.
Until an armistice suspended the war last week thousands of inhabitants of the border municipalities as Saad in their houses stayed or their houses left in order to keep on moving into more secure areas away from Gaza and to escape the missile and mortar fire.
Many inhabitants of Nahal Oz, a municipality near the border to Gaza in which a 4-year old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar shell still hesitate with the return.
The Ministry of Education, shared with a dozen or so families was not yet returned.
Your children were placed temporarily in other schools.
A school in Sderot, a border town to Gaza, which was drawn from the Palestinian bombing visited Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu.
It has called on the children to learn a lot and said 'we will make sure that they gain knowledge and offer security.
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday on an unbefristeteten ceasefire.
The truce guaranteed for an immediate end of the fights; important problems remain, however, unresolved, as the demand of the Hamas for a cancellation of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air and lake harbors in Gaza.
Israel calls for a disarmament of Hamas and the transfer of bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is likely to begin in this month in Egypt.
In the war more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed, three quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children estimates of the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies these information and reckons that it is a question of fighters with the case of at least half of the killed ones did not present, however, any concrete proofs of these information.
On the Israeli side were 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai workers, killed.
Hamas and other fighters in Gaza fired off 4,591 missiles and mortar shells during the fights onto Israeli cities, most in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military led more than 5,000 air- and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of houses in the Gazagebiet and about 250,000 people searched refuge that preliminary shelters were altered into in more than 100 UN schools.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fight continues, the educational authorities last week postponed the beginning of the school year.
"I hope, the school is soon again opened so that we keep on being able to learn so as the children in the world and the Jewish children", Mohammad Amara, a 13-year old boy that currently lives in a school in Gaza city, said.
After election Saxony: CDU-Vize Strobl sets NPD procedures into question.
Faced with the voice losses of the NPD in Saxony CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl spoke out for an end of the running NPD prohibition procedure in front of the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl should find the running prohibition procedure 's against the NPD in front of the Federal Constitutional Court an end.
"The NPD comes off worse than with the case of the last time", said Strobl that is also a CDU country leader in Baden-Württemberg, the "Leipziger nation newspaper".
That is a pleasant development into the correct direction and a development that makes me rather come to the result that one combats the NPD politically and not before the constitution court
The NPD had failed during the vote on Sunday very just because of the five-percent-hurdle.
A first attempt at a ban on the far-right party was 2003 has failed, because the constitutional protections was also in the NPD-Spitze informers.
In December 2013 the Federal Council submitted after long preparation a new request into Karlsruhe.
Federal Government and Bundestag did not connect themselves.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At the new countries place are put refugees now in tents.
The Central initial incorporation for refugees in Harburg bursts from all joints.
Now the inside authority made three tents of the Red cross next to that be set up.
The politicians have been informed just before - they are little.
"These beating-jerk actions continue to whip up reservations of citizens and do not give the local politicians any opportunity to participate in the human needs of refugees constructively," says, for example, Britta Mr Mann, group chairman of the Greens, Harburger district meeting
Your party demands that the local administration Harburg provides currently unused houses for housing.
96 refugees can be placed in the three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the initial reception are the influx of those seeking help - and the fact that the authorities do not provide sufficient places in a row facilities.
Many refugees remain therefore longer than the regular three months.
Housing prices have seen the most winter rise in seven years, a widely seen index shows.
The RP data core logic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital increased in August 1.1%, so the RP-data of Monday.
This increase is the overall increase in June, July and August at 4.2%, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual rise in prices stood at 10.9%, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months until August 2013, but the increases were not distributed evenly across the country.
The chief research officer of RP Data, Tim lawless, informed that Sydney and Melbourne drive a two-part market.
The numbers of RP data show that house prices rose in Sydney last year by 16.1% in Melbourne, on the other hand, by, 11.7%.
Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, in which the prices rose by an average of five and six percentage, are the following markets.
Canberra is due to the other end of the scale, who was struck from the incisions with the case of state editions in a hard way and where the prices went up over the year only around 1.4 percent.
Mr lawless who would put the market 'to a real test' passed on with the beginning of spring for the next few months, an increase would be to now be seen in real estate is for sale.
The "if you constantly high rate of auction prices, a generally rapid rate of sales and the persistently low interest-rate environment, it is likely that home prices in the next three months ago will continue to rise," he said.
In a comment onto the New Press it contradicts statements of the manager Peer Medau and certifies this to pose "as a commander".
The style of the University of this is not, it says in the communication.
It is the family Medau already "Mitte June orally on the suggestion made by the University has been informed.
The statement that the plans became known only in July, are definitively wrong so Pötzl.
At the same time, he points out that it is not in the plans for 'Vorfestlegungen or even decisions, however, is it' preferences'.
Also the expansion of the narrow street, necessary for the access up to the castle is less dramatic than feared by the Medaus.
By a nine metres wide street was and is not the speech.
It is a question to present state of 5.50 meters, that is "a meter more widely than up to now," declared Pötzl.
The argument of the Medau-operators that their parking areas clear of all charges and school-own in future are used then only still by students of the college wants to make not be meant for Pötzl.
Zugeparkt does not become at all because that can be dissolved as at other public parking places in the meantime intelligently.
Think of the residents
The creche Bergwichtel that is on the ground and before whose entry door would lead along the access to the parking deck is not supposed to be influenced according to the university education president.
Rather it gives to consider "that it is not a question only of the creche here but also around the residents at the emptying to the Friedrich Streib street and the 800 pupils of the adjacent secondary school.
It is a question therefore of a lot more than of individual interests of the gentlemen Medau ", so Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents Advisory Board of crèche with the expansion of the street would a "of the few natural spots Coburgs lost", "right to say whether the reader can decide for themselves".
At the beginning of October Pötzl wants to inform the councillors, together with the State Construction Office Bamberg of the structural development of the College by 2020 'and speak to the importance of the new development in this context.
Peer Medau last week had the parents of the crèche on the plans of the university.
Accordingly should the access for the new parking deck not as up to now above the campus and the Friedrich Streib street, but over the Medau mountain lead.
In this way, the narrow streets would have to be extended on such a kilometre length in a two-way.
According to the Medaus projections would a tenfold increase in the transport of high.
Of approximately 2000 vehicles is the speech on a daily basis.
On the part of the city, we did not want to comment on the project.
Glandorf resigns from handball national team
Holger Glandorf will not play anymore for the DHB-team.
An assortment of FHM SG Flensburg-Handewitt led for this decision especially health problems.
The decision was not easy for me, it matured over several months.
It is time for me to listen to the messages of my body and to end my career in the national team 'told the world champion of 2007 on his Facebook page
It is therefore with a balance sheet of 167 which and 576 gates for Germany in the international retirement.
Because the throw-tremendous moving area player wants to go from Flensburg to champion-League-winner a few years on door hunting, it is not now available to the new coach of national team Dagur Sigurdsson.
With the Icelander who announces his cadre on Tuesday for the international matches against Switzerland Glandorf led a "long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches inspired me just as they will inspire my long-standing other players and my successors.
But for my club, I would like to be available healthy in the next few years, longer regeneration breaks that the current double burden does not allow are needed.
The left-hander had had to fear quite his career end in 2012 according to a heel infection.
Because of Achilles tendon problems it had been able to be handled by team doctors of the German handball Federal Government (DHB) with a cortisone syringe that later a strong inflammation had activated.
An emergency operation and two more interventions followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a complaint against the team doctor, the quarrel ended with a comparison.
Twelve years pro- and eleven years of national team career do not go past any body without a trace.
I have some health construction sites, which I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-conditional foot operations that occurred in 2012 in short distances I have never gotten my blood pressure correctly into the grip.
Of course there are some other Joburg conditional complaints.
Already at the beginning of the year, I noticed that, while I control my head, but my body can not deceive, "explained Glan village in the interview the magazine 'handball Time".
For a comeback it would be prepared only in the absolute emergency.
"If all else fails, I am always conversation-ready", declared the twofold head of a family to the specialist magazine.
However, I can count the years in which I can still play handball at a hand.
I must also say that I became also quite humble after my long stay in hospital in 2012, which affects my health.
According to my career I would at least quite just like to be able to go.
Next to the WM title 2007 and the profit of the champions League 2014 it got 2008 (HSG north horn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo) the EHF cup.
In 2012 it safeguarded the Europe cup of the cup winners to itself furthermore with Flensburg.
In the spring of German economy has shrunk by 0.2%
The crises around the world have slowed the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product fell from April by the end of June 2014 compared to the last quarter by 0.2%.
That informed of the Statistical Federal Office and confirmed provisional calculations with that.
Only the consumption stimulated the economy in the spring while the investments were going back.
The External Trade was holding the economy.
Thanks to the strong year opening arises for the first half of a total of a GDP plus of 0.8% in the second half of 2013.
The starting point and the objective of the "Münsterland-Mooiste" who led through the castle man city on Sunday for the first time was Horstmar.
The man city on Sunday Horstmar experienced an invasion Dutch 'Fietzenfahrer'.
The greatest project of the Netherlands, NTFU, the so-called 'eastpak articles landing.
In this case handet it around the greatest bicycle tour right through the Münster country, the cyclist paradise approaches the Netherlands'.
More than 1000 participants thanked with their registration in Jos Ter Huerne for the organisation of this trip through the Münsterland.
Written out in various journals this way was offered to interested parties.
We come from The Helder and are driven overnight to take part in this tour.
We would like "to become" acquainted with the Münster country also in this way once nearer ", the cyclists were pleased with the route through the circles stone ford, barks and Coesfeld.
After the registration in the Association of the shooter Brotherhood Sta.
It went to Katharina onto a small "peace journey through the city about the rampart, where also the start occurred.
The route that was written out for three different categories in the direction kept on taking back gentleman wood above the Schöppinger mountain in direction Coesfeld and above Havixbeck and Bill heritage corner according to Horstmar.
Onto stretches of 95 kilometers with 1175 height meters, 120 kilometers with 1475 height meters and 145 kilometers with 1775 height meters the cyclists proved their good condition.
They were boarded on the way in Havixbeck and Bill legacy corner.
Main organizer Jos Ter Huerne and mayor deputy Heinz Lölfing showed themselves to cycling events very pleased to see on the success of this.
We are satisfied and it was a nice experience for all concerned.
The organization proceeded without problems and there were not any negative incidents ", Heinz Lölfing draws a positive upshot of this event.
Unfortunately, were not so many participants, as the had hoped for what was probably to the bad weather conditions and in the morning rain.
"We meet ourselves again in the year 2015 at it is to be hoped beautiful weather on 30th August or during another weekend", to come back to the Münster country, however, in spite of that again the cyclists promised and the organizers plan one reprint.
Konstantin Weckers merciless, honest memoirs
It is actually more philosophical report than biography, which brought Konstantin Wecker, singer-songwriter, pacifist, into "Monk and warrior" political-surely activist, ex-prisoner, on 287 pages to paper.
Not chronologically, but more thought shred for thought shreds the inhabitant of Munich born on 1st June 1947 wrote down his memoirs, introduced every chapter through a suitable song text.
And it is in this case ruthlessly honest: From the onanism as a Gymnasiast up to the shoplifting and drug consumption he does not skip any human weakness.
Also, in order to show how he learned even tolerance in the contact with his fellow men.
Broad space are also abstract, but all the more important terms: Love, soul, ego, the existence in the now, spirituality - all the he tried to get to the bottom, in a very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And it explains also his pacifism, his social criticism, his political engagement - and also, as only the music did not shape him (the opera lover became the Soul and skirt musician), but also his prison stay.
Latter familiarized also the ascetic monk that arises for "through subtraction" with the playboy Konstantin Wecker as he says "when one leaves out everything unnecessary".
Between all the highly-intellectual opinions there are, however, also short anecdotes for the derivation: About instance about fights in a restaurant frequented by GIs or a crazy drive in the case of which he aimed for a tree frontally.
There he is also be brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: My father has never taken me to the poor.
Never said "I love you
Henry was one thing of seven children of a family of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in the year 1958.
His father, who had died when Henry 19 has worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry performed for a comedy, every jobs', which is based in part on an imaginary conversation with his father and the series to Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult childhood moments.
He visited many therapies after the death of his mother, and Henry is thinking about its relationship with his father.
It was hard to know him.
One never saw his face, heard only his voice Stop with the crash.
Leave your sister in peace.
Move!
I want to look cricket.
My older brethren Seymour and Hilton - the were already grown up, when I was a child - went with him in the pub and talked about things, such as the form of beer glass or the beauty of a cricket.
I never had such a conversation with him.
A majority of my life it this serious form in the corner that read the newspaper.
Recently, Henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than in the days of his father, but it won an insight into how the life may have been for him.
It is now somewhat brighter, but they are dark to buy, deep stygische labyrinth 84kg with fire and smoke and a great deal of soot.
My father simply lay down formerly into the tub and then one could hear it slowly how he started singing because it could wash the foundry of themselves.
When I pictures there, it was clear to me that he had done so for years, in order to bring the food on the table, and my respect for him was greater.
Nevertheless Henry grew up as a child without love evidence of his parents.
My father never embraced me, he never said "I love you".
Only when it was my mother against the end of their lives badly, we began to "I love you, I love you, I love you to say.
By its own daughter Billie, with Dawn, he was able to share the love that he had missing as a child.
You could stop once with that "I love you"?
Hearing but to embrace me.
But Daddy, I am 22.
With Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a great mother.
It is gotten used still with French with which it was married 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a great mother.
Henry 'own mother was a diabetic.
That contributed to their death.
When I was so very, very overweight and symptoms of diabetes showed, said my doctor "you must be radically.
That is why I went through this fitness and also a drastic diet had to do in order to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is hard.
No one eats like carrots.
Henrys career change is perhaps in his elegant, a Bart.
Since it was praised by the critics for his Othello, it is captured by the theater.
This was followed by The comedy of errors, and then fences of August Wilson.
That is another experience than the sitcoms and dies that filled its occupied working life.
It began with only 16 years ago, when he was working in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on the stage, when he people imitation and wrote to New Faces about it.
His television career began in the middle of the 1970s. "I was the only black clone / comedian on television for a very long time."
He learned in the profession.
I did not have to become tall only before the eyes of the public, but learn also from 1975 to 1985 how I could become an efficient Witze-Erzähl-Maschine while I was being a star through the television and that was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 with New Faces
There his manager the stage right at the Black and White Minstrel Show had, a light conversation program in which the people painted themselves black Henry performed his Comedy there more than five years.
That was very unpleasant to my family.
I wish somehow that it would be never happened, but I do not regret that I have done.
It was a strange, uncomfortable position for me, but I have worked in giant projects and have learned how to deal with a large public.
But this "prize-winning light column of the British watching television lasting for years was also a" grotesque parody of black people. "
Through the introduction of figures, both the British black culture, celebrated mock as Henry worked in the 1980s to an alternative comedy circle.
The first series of Lenny Henry show went 1984 on shipment, and in the nineties, he was, among other things, as the chef Gareth Black lock in the comedy series boss!.
Advertising documentaries, TV-series and reels of film shaped his next decade, but according to his BBC-series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought himself: "What you do as next, Len, because it feels so everything when you bring only the time for that or kick a little on the place."
After that, a documentary number came to radio 4 with the title What "s So Great On...?
The first consequence turned around Shakespeare.
I was downright allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never learned something about it correctly in the school and mainly held it for a domain of the middle class, whiteness, in tights and a cabbage in front in that.
So I had big fear.
All of us who for the show interviewed, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said 'you should try it.
Do not make it bad if you do not know what they are talking about.
Take a few words in their mouths, and then you will understand why we love all Shakespeare.
Henry listed 20 lines from Othellos of last speech for the documentary and it was enthusiastic.
I had the feeling that I could create.
It was almost as if someone would have put me on its head correctly.
"For that it works, it is a serious thing, take it seriously, learn your text, investigates a little.
The tests were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we did it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car crash, and this happened not easy.
And soon he was in the comedy of errors.
I was sudden in the national theater and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment, as I thought, 'Oh, you have changed.'
There was a technical error and Henry felt instinctively that he had to maintain the audience.
A small voice said to me, 'You must bridge 10 minutes now, while they are dealing with the computer. "
Instead of this the stage conductor announced that the idea would go on as soon as the problem is solved.
I went from the scene and anything in me said 'Oh, thank God'.
I am not responsible for this.
I can leave it to anyone else.
"You plays in a play, in other words, in your role. '
Henry in fences at the Duchess Theatre
The text for fences to learn was demanding.
Panic is very good, that strengthens the sinews.
The sold well, so it is as a great sign of the gods, which tell me here is' "provision.
He says this, of course, with a thundering voice.
So I will say it.
I really love that.
I love to be a test.
Henry still has, however, the head of one comedian - our conversation is from humorous outbreaks pulled through, while he is imitating persons again and again.
I decided not to make any Stand-up-Comedy because I believe that this type of immediate satisfaction of a Chamber is somehow dangerous to full foreigners.
If one is looking for that, it is in this way to a wall.
I perform sometimes live in the Apollo if I fancy for this purpose, but in total it does not give to me so much as formerly.
I would like to ask him whether he will make a Stand-up-Comedytour ever again.
The fun that I have in an area with a director, which helps to craft a start, a central part Member and the end of a journey - I do not believe that I would ever like to give up again.
So here is the its new incarnation?
I have already think.
I am a actor.
It is a mockery.
One always tells a history and that is great.
I love stories.
The people love stories.
Huthi-rebels block streets in Yemen 's capital
In the conflict between Shia Huthi-rebels and the Yemeni government the Houthis called for civil disobedience in Sanaa capital.
Huthi-supporters would have filled on Monday central streets in Sanaa, said a speaker of the Huthi-party "Ansar Allah".
Also access to the Parliament was blocked.
Yemeni media report on a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online-edition of the newspaper 'Yemen Post' Huthi-leader Abdulmalik al-Huthi had called on Sunday evening for the measures.
Huthi threatened according to the tables with a further escalation of the conflict, if his demands should not be met.
The Shia Houthis are fighting for more independence from the Sunni governed Yemen and call on the resignation of the government.
The tribe of the Huthi is besieging for just two weeks the Yemeni capital.
About 30,000 rebels constructed protest warehouses at the big access roads from Sanaa.
In the surrounding area it results again and again in bloody fights with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registers officials in order to dampen "spirit workers'
Kenya began with registering all civil servants biometrically in order to put out "Spirit employees" from the payrolls of the government.
Employees that do not register in the next two weeks would not be paid anymore, a government communication said.
The government believed that thousands of people even after their departure from the public service still salaries.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised with the case of his assumption of office in 2013 to oppose corruption in the public service.
In the case of an examination at the beginning of this year "s was found that at least $700,000 £1 million () monthly lost in payments for" spirit workers' and by other abusive financial practices.
The government presumes that salaries keep on being paid on accounts after a person died or leaves the public service, tells Wanyama Chebusiri for that one of BBC from the Nairobi capital.
All officials must appear now in the next two weeks near identification centers, in order to guarantee that their data are incorporated about the biometrical registrations, people communicated in a government information
All that do not without a credible apology would do would benefit from the payroll, was deleted the communication.
"The rationalization of the public service is contributed" to "by this procedure essential, when the actual number of the officials is found and is settled also the payroll on both government levels - so the" spirit employees "are" eliminated ", Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary, said in the ministry of decentralization and planning".
The scandal around the art consultant Helge Achenbach is discussed on 11th November for the first time in court court.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of the Aldi-founder Theo Albrecht, demand in a suit at the Düsseldorf District Court court 19.4 million euros of compensation from Achenbach and two of his enterprises which are in insolvency procedures.
A court spokesman told that on Monday.
In the plaint it is called Achenbach cheated during the purchase from works of art and old-timers and Berthold Albrecht higher than in fact paid purchase prices calculates.
This also means that the agreed Commission has been higher.
Achenbach bought articles of value for 121 million euros for Albrecht.
Children need roots and wings
44 years it was in the teaching profession, of that 23 as headmasters.
From this time Manfred Judge knows many were Petershausener and Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, however, always taken from its desire to see the person in the student.
The Schneekoppe is the best known mountain of the giant mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the motive from his home.
Judges was in Čapek / born today, Tuesday.
Already with 14 he was interested in the teacher profession after four years of high school.
A year after the Sudeten Germans were confiscated.
Within half an hour the family had to leave their house.
After some months in a warehouse it went in 1946 to Bavaria - in the good freight car carriage.
So it brought judges into the upper-Franconian depression village.
The teacher training took place in Bamberg.
For this purpose Manfred Richter six times weekly had to run ten kilometers to the next railway station, go going with the railways according to Bamberg, there three kilometers crossways through the whole city to the school and in the evening back.
After two months Manfred Richter got a sleep occasion in a red-cross-home in Bamberg: Together with up to 15 schoolmates in a sleep hall.
In 1951 it did teaching position candidate the first and in 1954 after three years the second state examination.
As Germany had no free teachers for him, he toughies in Upper Bavaria and came on 1 November 1954 to the school in Zaglav.
The "young woman area" was his first "official residence in school construction.
In 1958, he got a three area official residence in the newly built teacher house next to school.
Manfred Richter bought this house in 1980 after the school had been solved in Kollbach 1968.
Until then there were three classes in Kollbach in the school association Petershausen-Kollbach and in Peter beluga five.
From the school year 1968 / 69 these were summarized in Peter beluga in the present city hall.
When the school association Indian village was based, only the primary school remained in place.
In order to avoid a downgrading of in the now smaller school, the former Rector Georg choose to Karl field - and Manfred judges was his successor.
However, Peter beluga has increased, and so the children and their teachers from September 1982 could get the current construction, which was expanded in 1997, after Richters retirement.
Manfred Judge extols the simple generosity of the former mayor Ludwig Götz that additional on community costs a skill space and build 1997 basement rooms during the enlargement made, although this was not eligible to the guidelines for school buildings.
'Mayor will was very school friendly', reminded judges grateful.
In his whole career Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech contribution of a government representative which had answered a paper of a school council on right and justice: "One must never forget the love". Manfred Richter transformed, what it had belonged to there as a young teacher.
We must give the children two types: Roots and wings, "the today 84-year long one.
And he had to find out: "That does always not succeed". Whether it means only his pupils or just the same his own six children there is not very clear.
In any case, was judge actions sometimes unconventional.
If they can they got to adapt, not a criminal work and were also have not to sit.
At the expense of the municipality Richter had made buy two pairs of boxing gloves and made the two opponents be lined up against each other even if there should be once in this case a violet.
For the welfare of the school Richter maintained a good relation to the former mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU) as a rector.
This convinced the independent judge of that after his superannuation, 1996 at least than last to run for the district council on the CSU list.
But judges was continue to six and joined the CSU.
180 kilometers in three days
HR4 bicycle TOUR 700 cyclists insert salt beluga and Schotten pauses in the spa gardens from bath
If cyclists do break to salt beluga or bulkheads on their tour in Bad, that is not anything special at itself.
On Friday, however, only the number of the resting ones did impression: The 700 participants of the hr4 bicycle tour along with accompanying-train enjoyed a pause in the lower spa gardens of bath salt beluga and later a party in the open in the Schottener old man castle park.
Under the motto "be cycling into and celebrate on newfound ways between Nidda and Kinzig" the participants in the Thursday had met in bad Vilbel and lived through a concert from Van Baker & volume.
On Friday it became serious: The cyclists took the first stage, the 60 kilometers above pile city to bath salt beluga and wider to bulkheads in attack.
In bath salt beluga the sportsmen of mayor Hans-Peter Seum that had started Vilbel by bike in bath, and the head of the own company bath were welcomed salt beluga, Petra Schwing-Döring.
To the refreshment of body and spirit various kinds had been prepared at good things: The countrywomen from Ranstadt and Nieder-Mockstadt had baked 85 sheet metals Apple-, Plum- Streusel- and cheesecakes that the capable cyclists liked wonderfully.
"Only countrywomen can bake such cakes", praised from Aulendiebach a participant while he was ordering a further small piece.
At the drink state of turn association Geiß-Nidda cold refreshments could be bought.
- (FR) Congratulations' "duo entertained the visitors with known melodies from operettas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful ambience of the park seemed releasing.
A gentleman enjoyed furthermore a head massage of his partner: "He earned that one, finally he attached bike chains today already jumped off again".
Meanwhile the mayor and the works manager still had to work: You were interviewed by reporter Rainer Janke at the well in front of the drinking health resort and took the opportunity for advertising Bad salt beluga in the radio.
Also graduation leader Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 contact tour 2004 as tour heads in this case, could rest only briefly, but he had to do on the ground abundant with the technology.
His Pickup-Truck in which it communicated with his employees and the 15-headed motorcycle relay of the Hesse police by means of three telephones and a radio equipment, wrote Facebook-entries and did reportages commentaries needed also a check.
The majority of participants comes from the Rhine main area, "he said," but also from Gießen or Fulda, clear collapse or the Taunus and even from many cities in Westphalia cyclists.
The number of participants is a bit after the available night capacity.
In Category I be accommodated the participants in hotels, in Category II in collection.
From the health resort the cyclists had broken open a good impression, als sie after one Give Time to Pay again: "Bye!"
"It was fine in bad salt beluga!" They waving for the departure.
According to the arrival in Scottish the group was allowed to take a short break.
But in the evening the cyclists have been called for in the idyllic old man castle park.
Under the direction of the Schottener society for tourism and city marketing (GTS) the park had received a beautiful celebration ambience and of course one had titbits, about instance blazing-cake with well chilled feather-white, prepared.
Mayoress Susanne Schaab, GTS manager Markus Hoßfeld and MSC chairperson of Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his function as a board member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The Three showed themselves visibly delightedly over that "of a lot company in bulkheads".
DJ Tobias Hagen cleared afterwards the dance stage.
The opportunity for the buoyant moving in the open was used in spite of sporting activity on the bicycle.
Under the guests citizens that were just as caused from the good atmosphere as the big crowd of the cyclists mixed increasingly.
On the second day the stations Birstein, guardian creek and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - stood for the cyclists on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres, cycling together the athletes met again in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police due to 'conspiracy against the government arrested "
A total of 33 policemen were arrested in Turkey, owing to the suspicion of 'conspiracy against the government', local media agencies.
The police authorities made no immediate comment.
Among those arrested were 14 senior police officers, Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were to the corruption investigations against government officials, including four government ministers in the last December.
In July a row was arrested by Turkish policemen because they had supposedly based an organized criminal union and tapped telephone numbers.
The Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan (that then was a prime minister) described their procedure as a part of the activities that liquid manure is mentioned by the Islamic priest Fethulla against it and other persons in power positions.
Not all children in Ukraine return to school
Schools almost everywhere in Ukraine opened on Monday (1. September) after the summer vacations.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and as thousands of other Ukrainian parents prime minister Arsenij Jazenjuk brought his daughter into the school.
It informed waiting journalists that all schools had not opened, but that it is determined to defend the country for future generations:
The September celebrations were not held in every school.
The sky is not peaceful everywhere above Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The entire Ukraine, a huge common Ukrainian popular front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmasters of the school in Slawjansk, visited the Jazenjuks daughter, spoke at Russian.
We hope that peace is finally here again and that the children receive an education that they will be useful in the broader life.
The first school day of the new school year at which the children wear embroidered shirts, hold them for balloons in the hands and give them to their teachers flowers is celebrated traditionally.
With Rona fair head the BBC found the great director who it needs.
It arrives with a proud fame train from the bank world, the media management and the internal circle of the Tory-party.
And it has its own front experience.
Your career began with the case of the worldwide management consulting company bain and Co., on which she changed ICI and the media world to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, from Pearsons.
It was for seven years a CEO of the Financial Times and resigned when the top post of the mother company Pearsons went to a younger male counterparts.
Your compensation was supposedly almost 1 million £.
Their political ranking is sound.
It was recommended David Cameron Lord Browne to the former chairman of BP than this searched for more private-sector expertise in White House: It has become the adviser cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory township board member.
In May, I described the task of the chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a huge and complex unity in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The confidence works in two directions: Towards inside onto the first guard of the own management hierarchy in the BBC, however also to the outside as a voice of public concern and noise if the things work wrongly.
That guarantees for an almost untenable duopoly, the need for a complete comprehensive reform.
But which again incoming chairperson would risk to line up, to hit everything and to take apart an institution which is as complex as a Chinese dynasty while even maybe he is depriving himself of his job in this case.
It is a difficult task.
And as if that were not enough, are also still many interested in the BBC reduced to see - power, money and status outdated.
While the competition is coming closer and new technologies are threatening old, comfortable securities the pending negotiations of the royalties are joined with special dangers for the BBC.
For the modest sum of 145.50 £per year the British public buys into the certainly largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good history she says that it reaches 96 percent of all budgets and costs only 40 pence to each of them per day.
And it seems that the BBC KDM is rising to back up again: 53% support it today, compared to 31% 10 years ago.
The visual and consumer habits for the BBC have changed: I get nowadays news headlines on my mobile phone and see missed programmes later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and considerable institution.
It needs a considerable chairman - I hope it has found it.
Perry from Texas says that reducing tweet was not authorized
A tweet of official account of the Republican Texas Governor Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a reduce comment on the democratic local government lawyer that is at the heart of a legal charges against it because of the abuse of power.
The tweet was put out later and user account was compensated for it by another from Perrys who denied the previous one.
Just a tweet which was not authorized by me was sent from my account.
"I do not approve of the tweeting and removed it", it was said in the later information
Employees of Perry did not answer inquiries for comments immediately.
Although the tweets of Perrys went out official user account, it was not clear who in fact helps himself the Feed.
In the former tweet a disadvantageous picture was drawn of the district state attorney of Travis county, Rosemary Lehmberg that was condemned in April 2013 because of drunken driving.
Perry inserted a veto against a financial promotion of their office when she refused to resign which led into Austin for an accusation against Perry - who could be a premiership candidate possibly in 2016 - in front of a gravel jury this month.
The text of the tweets: 'I am not always drunk with the triple permitted alcohol mirror. But if I do, I would accuse Governor Perry, if he ausplaudert.'
I am the drunk democrat in Texas.
Loam Bergs office was not with the leadership on the investigation into the Grand jury against Perry.
This has led to a special prosecutor from Michael McCrum from San Antonio, who was selected by a Republican judge.
Perry pleads not guilty and the prosecution called a political trick.
His highly class team of legal advisers applied with the judge entrusted with the case, to reject the accusation and argued, that the law with which against the service-oldest governor in the history of the Texas state is proceeded is unverfassungsgemäß diffuse.
Perry stopped $7.5 million of public money to the Public integrity Unit of the state - that is based on County in Travis and investigates cases of government corruption in Texas - than Lehmberg refused to resign.
This veto guaranteed for a public complaint on the part of a left watchdog-group.
Perrys official account is updated often - and sometimes famous.
After it had closed with the case of the election meetings in Iowa during his premiership candidacy 2012 as Fifth, Perry understood on speculations that it will stop in his posting a tweet of a photo of themselves while jogging near a lake with the words "South Carolina, we come"!
Berkeley declares housing market as "normal" again
One of the most prominent builders of London pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of England returned to normal level '".
Freehold dwellings in the the capital were sought after hot and object of enormous price climbs, what persuaded the bank from England due to the widespread fear of a credit bubble to setting upper limits in June for mortgage credits.
To Tony Pidgley to Gründer and CEO of the class construction company Berkeley said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the highest level 2013 'and added that this offers some" stable action.
The housing market in London was during the downturn well placed because foreign buyers rushed to the capital.
According to the kata Ter Office are the price in the city last year alone has risen by 18.5%, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole.
The average sale prices at Berkeleys private, economical and studentischen offers climbed around approximately a fifth in the lasted year and lay at the end of April around the 423,000 £.
A stronger pound has, however, made in the last few months property in London to foreign buyers less attractive - some of them are also by the introduction of new real estate taxes and political rhetoric about the possible 'expensive' properties been deterred prior to the general elections next May.
The London estate agent Foxtons warned in the last week against the mortgage market report leading also to smaller market growth for April in which sharper granting of credit regulations were presented in the second year half both with the case of the real property sale and with the case of the prices.
New data from the Bank of England of Monday show a decline in the mortgage approval in July, which suggests that the housing market also cooling.
Hamptions International, another property agency, corrected its forecast for the rise in the real estate prices in London for 2015 down to 3%, on the basis of an already weakening house price awareness.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington year went back in the meantime about a quarter for year, according to the broker Wa Ellis.
But the desire is a blessing to a home in the capital for Berkeley since the amount due amounts to more than £2.2 billion for appointment sales.
Mr Pidgley added: 'The demand for the right, well-planned product on the best locations remained stable and as a result of the deadline sales have remained stable.'
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year until the end of April - almost a third more than the peak 2007 before the crisis.
The annual input tax result changed annually 40 percent onto 280 million £, the turnover about 18 percent on 1.6 billion £.
In a communication on Monday before the annual meeting of the company said Mr Pidgley that the revenue for Berkeley in the current year is expected to comply with the current market.
The analysts estimate Euros annual Board to 450 million.
Berkeley-stocks stood in the afternoon fixed in the London trade at 23.96 £.
Naked photos published from Jennifer Lawrence through hacker in the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence performance at the 85th Death.
The celebrity Oscar Prize laureate Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hackers, who claimed, a "Master list 'of images further 100 starlets.
A representative of the star from "the tolls of Panem" confirmed, that the photos of Lawrence are really and accused the hacker of "striking injury of the privacy".
The authorities were informed and will pursue all those ones who post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, the originally based on the photosharing site posted 4chan were supposedly by a gap in the online storage system icloud of Apple SAAs. The alleged "Master list 'of the hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, reported Buzzfeed.
It is not sure how many of the images are really although Winstead condemned, star from "Scott pilgrim against the rest of the world 'on Twitter also hack.
'To those of you who look at the my husband and I have included years ago in the private environment of our House - I hope you are so right satisfied with you', wrote Winstead on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied, however, that it is a question of pictures of it at the photos and tweetete "These so-called naked pictures of me are forged, people.
But we defend the beginnings. Does the pun.
Buzzfeed reported on the late Sunday that a speaker of the pop star Ariana la Grande denied the authenticity of the alleged photographs of it.
Exclusive departure from new novel highly vowed to Howard Jacob sons of love and the letter "J."
Run you, one could describe it best so, they dispersed slowly as a cardboard which one has in the rain leave.
Sometimes a woman told him, it is too serious, hard, intensive distant and perhaps a little snappish.
And the hand shook to him then.
Snappishly he knew.
It was prickly, as in hedgehogs, yes.
The last victim of this Stacheligkeit was a just beginning affair which had been more promising for a relief of the secluded boredom of his life than else, and maybe would have brought him even a certain contentment.
Ailinn Solomons was a tremblingly tender beauty with uncurbed hairs and a fluttering heart from a village on the north island which was even even remoter and rougher than port Reuben.
It had come to South, with an older firm held Kevern for their aunt, and that had inherited a land in a particularly but paradisiacal valley with the good name paradise Valley.
For several years, no one had lived in the House.
The pipes were leaking, in such spiders were still, slugs had left their mark on all windows and believed that all belongs to them, and the garden was operated with weeds adult that looked like huge cabbages.
It was a garden of full secrets as the house from a child fairy tale, both alarming and enticing.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" on the long list for the Man Booker price 2014.
The short list is announced in the coming week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn händchenhaltend on the broken beach chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon. Both had latched themselves absentmindedly into the service console that supplied the country with calming music and calming news when the sight of their crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song of a for a long time forgotten black entertainer which his father had listened to gladly near closed rolling shutters in the house.
Your feet are too great.
Because of their very aggressiveness songs of this type were not played in the console.
Not prohibited - nothing was so right - is simply not banned.
It has been successful obsolesziert obsoleszieren, as the floor.
The general taste created, what decrees and rules would never have created, and choose the Vom plate scrubber zum-millionaire-memoirs, cookery books and love novels as the people at books, so they chose with the case of the music the ballads.
In the euphoria of the day began to play Kevern an imaginary piano and to record on large feet in a coarse-funny serenade Ailinns.
Ailinn did not understand that.
That was a well-known song of a jazz pianist called fats Waller, "he declared them and laid automatically two fingers on his lips.
His father had always done that in order to stop the letter J before his coming from his mouth.
It began as a game between him and his father, when he was still small.
His father had played it with its own father, it was reported.
If you begin a word with a J without putting two fingers over your lips, it costs you a penny.
It had not been a very funny game, and it was not now very amusing.
He knew that this was expected of him and that was all.
It had to be declared what jazz was.
Ailinn had never heard what.
Jazz was not played even if it was not directly forbidden.
The improvising was not more modern.
It was only room for a single "if" in life.
People wanted to be sure at the beginning of a sort of tune, where it would end.
Just as the mind.
Its unpredictability made the people nervous.
And jazz was musically expressed intelligence.
Although he had become 10 years old, without Sammy Davis junior to have heard something about jazz Kevern, knew from the half secret collection of old CDs of his father.
However, at least it did not have to declare Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
In their age, it could not recall a time when pop singers were not black.
Again, was no laws or constraints.
A consistent society meant, that every element of this society agreed thankful the principle of the group talent - thankfully as the ones spared to from the fate.
People with Afro-Caribbean origin were appropriate by temperament and build for entertainment and sports, so they sang and they go.
People who came from the Indian subcontinent initially were blessed as of the nature with electronic talent and were looked after with the task of guaranteeing that no family without functioning engineer 's order wire unit telephone stayed.
What was still remaining from the Polish community cared around the canalization; what was remaining from the Greeks smashed plates.
Those from the Gulf States and the Levant, whose grandparents had not left the country rapidly than what happened when IT happened happen- for fear of being accused of fire fuelling, even for fear that they would use the flames next - was Labneh- and exposed to Shisha bidding restaurants, views and with the inaction depressed.
Each according to his skills.
Because they had heard only ballads Ailinn, it was difficult to understand how the insulting words that you are Kevern premixed, art, had ever.
Music was expression of love.
'The are not really offensive,' Kevern said.
Except perhaps for people whose feet are too large.
My father has never offended someone, but he loved this song.
He spake too much, but the neglected garden gave him the deceptive sense of security.
The sound absorption of the gigantic cabbage-like leaves could not overcome anything.
Ailinn still not understood.
Why your father should have loved something like that?
He wanted to say that it was a, however, hesitated to lay in its present another two finger on the lips.
You already thought that he was a little strange.
'It seemed to him,' he said instead.
You thereupon read their heads and impeded Keverns point of view.
It did not admit anything else on the whole world see, as their uncombed raven hair.
There was nothing, what it otherwise would want to see.
"If you say it", she thinks without conviction.
But that does not declare why you vorsingst it to me yet.
It seemed honestly worried.
Are my feet too large?
He saw this again.
Your feet so directly.
Perhaps your ankles, a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course, I do not hate you.
But that is only the stupid song.
He would have been able to say 'I love you, but it was still too early.
"Your thick ankles are exactly the reason why you made me," he tried it instead.
I am a bit perverse.
That did not ring correctly.
It had to be funny.
If he tried to be funny, he often in trouble killed himself, because it did not have as his father, the soothing appeal that would be needed to control the cruelty inherent in jokes.
Perhaps his father also wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps, Kevern that he wanted to be.
In spite of his friendly eyes.
Ailinn Solomons became red and rose from their deck chair, made the console and shed the wine that they had drunk.
Elder flower wine, so binge was not an excuse for him.
In their excitement seemed to tremble, palm fronds in the storm.
'And your fat head is precisely the reason why I am perverse, "they said.
Except that I am not at all.
It did him, both because of the tired of unnecessary werent of his words, as well as the fear, which showed in their eyes, as they revolted against him.
Did she think that he would beat it
It had not told him about the life on the cold northern archipelago, where she had grown up, but he did not have any doubts that it was like this basically as here.
The same vast and hard ocean broke up here and there on the shores
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and more vexing after DAS what had happened than their ancestors had been as smugglers and beach Snatchers, drew from bar to bar, always ready to raise the hand against a woman, who rejected them or derided.
Stubborn person?
Those ones would have shown her a thick fist if she did not look out!
You first smooch - Smooching was the most frequently used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote for the meaningless love ballads from the console - with her first smooch and beat then.
According to Keverns view that was an unnecessary processing since the smooching represented even an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomons admitted a sign to him through their body go.
It rose from the beach chair as an old man.
She felt also leaden, but the impact of his grief surprised her.
That was not the end of the world.
But you knew.
She watched to him, as he left - so as from a room in the upper stick their companion watched him during that - a man, burdened by something that he himself had caused.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
You felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, even though some of their hands against they had made.
A man turned away from it bent his back, abashed, conquer, without fighting spirit - why that was a sight that it seemed good to know, when they could remember nevertheless not onto an only time, at which she had seen something like that before the present day already once?
When it was again alone, Ailinn Solomons looked at their feet.
Many years before the just reported incidents ESME Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year old researcher working on a short speech on the continued violence in the task of Ofnow, the non-legislative surveillance control for the public mood, on low and middle level in the regions in which to expect their reduction, if not abolition, at the most, in view of the money and energy that the eradication of this power had been invested in.
"It has already done a great deal, and a great deal still needs to be done," she wrote "in order to placate the inherent aggressiveness of a nation that led a thousand wars and won most of them, especially in remote corners and valleys of the country in which the sweet whiff of human kindness was feels historically, despite the church towers emerging between the Hecke rare.
But some properties turn out as ineradicable.
The higher the church tower, it seems like this, the passion in a the smaller way that it keeps on waking.
The population cries during the hearing of sentimental ballads, intoxicates with histories about overcome difficulties and claimed to believe in the virtues of marriage and family lives firmly, however, nevertheless only the former brutality does not hold the rural municipalities just the same as our urban structures do in the hand, but there are also proofs for the origin of a new and insidious belligerence at home, at the job, on the streets and even on the grounds.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration," said their mentor, when he had read the whole report.
I suggest that you read less novels.
ESME Nussbaum bowed their head.
I must also ask: Are you atheist?
"I think I do not need to say", ESME Nussbaum answered.
Are you a lesbian?
Again ESME referred to their right to privacy and rejection of the statement.
Feminist?
Again silence.
"I do not ask," then Luther Rabinowitz said "because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
This is a prejudice free workplace.
We serve a prejudice free society.
However, specific types of hypersensitivity that are completely acceptable and commendable in themselves can distort on the occasion of results as you adopted it.
You yourself have prejudices obviously against the church, and these things which you refer to as "insidious" and "raw" strength and vitality could be interpreted by others just as well than expression of one of course.
When one rides out wider on the, what happened if IT has happened as if it would have happened yesterday if it had happened means, to take his essential vitality the country.
ESME Nussbaum looked around while Rabinowitz was speaking.
Repeated behind his head a LED lettering in flamingo pink the advice that Ofnow the country in the last quarter century or longer had given.
Smile you its neighbours, value your partner, listen ballads, visit musicals, use their telephone, talk, explain, listen to you, you agree, I am sorry.
Speaking is better than silence is, the sung word is better than the written one is, but nothing is better than love is.
"I understand what you want to absolutely, also," replied ESME Nussbaum with a steady voice, as I am sure she was that their superior to the end of had spoken, "and I say nothing other than that we have not healed as effective as we are deluding ourselves into thinking.
My concern is that we may recover ourselves without warning in how we repeat the mistakes that any first to DAS what happened when IT has happened.
This time the others at whom we skip our rage and our distrust are not it, however.
Luther Rabinowitz shaped a pyramid with the hands.
In this way, the patience of then point out.
'You go too far,' he said, 'if you acts as' mistake 'who have committed not our grandparents or perhaps also.
And they also go too far, if you say that their 'anger' and the 'mistrust' to 'other' would have left out.
It should not really be necessary to remind someone in your position that we in understanding the past as in the protection of the present, not by 'us' and "other" speak.
There was no "we" and there were not any "else".
It was a time of disorder, that is what we know.
"Of that one if we are honest to ourselves ourselves" dared to throw in ESME, "to have behaved well," no part of the society can claim.
I would accuse anyone.
Whether it badly or well what happened was done is happen.
That was then.
More does not have to be said with regard to that anything - there we agree agreed to ourselves.
And exactly as no fault has to be assigned, so also no fault has to be paid off if such deletion would be appropriate and if it would give a way to wipe it out.
But to what is the past, if we do not learn from it -
The past is designed to ensure that we forget about it.
If I may say something about that.
Luther Rabinowitz made his pyramid falling down.
'I will consider her report,' he said and sacked them.
On the next day, when it went as usual to the work it was run over by a motorcyclist who had gone onto the footpath, described as passers-by, in a kind of "brutal rage".
There are coincidences.
Lesotho military member says that no coup is planned; Prime minister stays in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho denied, to have planned a coup for the fall of the government and said that they proceeded against policemen that are reproached for the armament of political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane have fled the country and informed that the army of the country surrounded his office residence and occupied government buildings in the Maseru capital.
The Premier expressed his family in the South Africa, after he had reported threats of attack.
Military speaker great Ntlele Ntoi said that there is not a coup de facto, but the military response to the threat of "political fanatics' whose arms addressed by the police.
"What this morning happened was that the stick of the defense strengths of Lesotho acted after he had received several secret service reports that within the police some elements act that in fact some of the political, party-political young fanatics that shortly before stood wanted to arm to cause disastrous damage", he said opposite Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military action did the impression of an overthrow.
"Even if nobody has said to have torn the government through power at himself all reports about that are agreed that the activities of the defense strengths show signs up to now from Lesotho for a coup", said it
Speakers of the military of Lesotho informed on Sunday that the soldiers would pull themselves back into their barracks and the situation is quiet in the capital.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoya Metsing governance while Thabanes absence.
Thabane informed that he believes, he became the target because of his attempt to oppose the corruption in the country.
In Lesotho there were since June great tensions after Thabane misfired sitting of parliament due to the quarrels in his unit government.
He said that his actions have not undermine the government, despite different accusations.
Production in the euro zone on a 13-month-depression
The increase in the production in the eurozone slowed in August at the lowest point in the last 13 months, such a exactly observed study.
The final Markit purchasing managers index of the manufacturing (PMI) fell in August at 50,7 in, after a state of 51.8 in in July.
A specification over 50 indicates an expansion.
New tasks went back and factories experienced burglaries of tensions increasing in a time between the EU and Russia about Ukraine.
The figures take place before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets expect the Bank a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery of the euro area, as well as for the threat of deflation with an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
There is speculation to the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, will be able to give further information during this week whether it takes a quantitative easing into account for the eurozone according to those that have been carried out by the United Kingdom, and the US during the financial crisis.
'Even though a small growth is better than no growth, have become the deterrent effect of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for producers more clearly said,' Rob Dobson, senior economists in desks.
The Fabrik-PMI for Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to their lowest in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime the PMI fell on 46.9 in the second-largest economic nation of the block, France.
France remains a problem child, as well as the decline of Italy of a solid expansion to stagnation.
Tips on growth stimuli not gripping in the key industry mechanism Germany as well as in Spain and the Netherlands anymore are also not calming ", said Mr Dobson.
The decline of the industry is fueling the fire of analysts who expect further monetary or fiscal incentives.
A positive information came from the republic of Ireland, where the PMI went up on 57.3, the highest level since end 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: 'The best that can be said for purchasing managers index of manufacturing in the euro zone of August is that after that the sector is continuing to grow.
He added: 'Producers in the eurozone find the life is currently appears very difficult, because the current increased geopolitical tensions - particularly in relation to Russia and Ukraine - continue to increase uncertainty in the difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and the confidence of the consumers, and probably leads to that some orders delayed or even be cancelled, especially major orders.
He said that it is increasingly likely that the ECB must introduce a kind of QE ", although we suspect that this will be limited."
The hell decade of the survivors of Beslan: Ten years have gone by since the frightful siege of the school as the children involved in that suffer today still.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken into Beslan by Chechen militia in a school in southern Russia as hostages.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, have become in the three-day martyrdom that the world shocked, killed.
We returned according to Beslan in order to find some of the victims which had escaped the death with the case of the atrocity in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrible siege of the school of Beslan at which 334 people died under that 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night in front of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
Caught to Kinder and to parents on 1st September 2004, the beginning of a new school year, as fanatic Islamic terrorists took and killed, that as the worst thing of the evil shone.
The tragedy united West and East in horror, and then turned surprisingly in action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later we returned according to Beslan in order to find some of the victims which had escaped the death with the case of the atrocity in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who overcame resistance, although it will pursue the memory of this terrorist hell forever.
Their best hope?
That the war that has plagued Ukraine now - and die in the children as they - will take now to an end.
The girl, in the attempt was photographed, in the age school sports hall singer
It became photographed by the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous when she attempted only in their underwear to climb back into the zerschossene school gym after a mine had exploded.
Completely confused Aida searched for their mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both have been kept for dead, but they survived.
'A woman told me that I should run in my life, but I could not join, "said at the time.
My legs were covered with blood.
I stood up and increased again to search for my mother.
A soldier brought them to security.
After a series of operations for was cured completely, but said yesterday: 'Three months ago returned the pain.
I fear that I must be operated on again.
Some shell splinters are still in my knee.
It is your objective now to become dentist in order to help the people as she was helped by doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it did not break me," it is on a tear.
'That has happened to me, and this can change.
Once per year I always go into the gym in order to remember those which stayed there.
My friends and I attempt not to talk about that on other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future class comrade Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were small, and dreamed about going together to the school.
"I do not want to get married until I end my study and begin my career.
I think of a family later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it although the memory becomes every year a little weak.
I am glad, that many people still remember our terrors on the world and we are so thankful for the help that we received from people in Great Britain and everywhere here.
If I in an online way see the photo from myself as I climb back into the school, I think that many people see it for the first time, understand our disaster and contribute to something like that not happening again.
The boy who fled from the face of bullets in opinion his mother is dead
It was his first day of school (Russians go with 7 years in the school) and survived the three-day siege in the poor his mother Tamara.
As seven year long one he said: "Mama said to me I am supposed to lie down if there was an explosion, and hold their hand."
After an explosion he thought that it would die.
She said to him: 'Course.'
Full fear it can be dead, he fled and a crying small child saw on the way, it took with the case of the hand and fled through a ball hail.
His father Vladimir, who concluded his son out there in the poor, said: 'There told me that is dead his mother.
He said: 'I could not save it.
In reality had stumbled according to Tamara outside and with leg injuries in the hospital, for her part their part in the assumption that their son died.
After its reunification she said: "I wept with joy.
I could not believe it.
He went in and embraced me.
There has been flown to London (by the now dissolved newspaper News of the World) in order by the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie the title of a useful accessories Children 'to champion.
'This horror followed you every day, but I wish I could stop the remembering,' he said yesterday.
But I can say that it is paler in my memory.
I still know that I threw away all my toy pistols directly after that.
But now I can play computer games with shot scenes and that is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to go back to the gym, but I do not consider myself.
I remember these children with whom I played in the yard and who did not get it towards outside.
We never say that they have been killed or are dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember very well my journey to London, especially at the game product cases, where I could select myself all which I wanted, and the journey in an above open car.
But now he has fear for place such as Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of accident that he and his friends.
This horror follows you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering that.
"I am so sorry to all those who suffer under the abominations," said Damir, the last week as a volunteer in a Convent worked.
I want to help so gladly.
I want to go one day to the police and hope that they take me next year at the training academy.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children from our neighborhood were killed, you can imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there were simply not any children who could call and walk around, and this silence lasted many months.
You can still vividly recall their trip to London with Damir.
The people of London wept when I told our history.
At that time I understood how people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, and their support.
It was thankful for the price and the possibility to travel to London in the fall 2004 to Cherie Blair and to their foundation
I wish I could Cherie call and simply say that have passed 10 years, but I am still remind me of the meeting her and her husband in London, and how the there and has helped me.
I remember as Damir wanted to eat borshch and they called all local Russian restaurants.
I remember, as he with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot with its water pistol on them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was only a month after the horror.
I was surprised, that the Britons in a so inclined way divided our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world did not become better during these 10 years.
In Ukraine the war goes on now, and every day people die, and I believe that many children were killed and are still killed.
These are precisely such children as our.
I think that for many the war is a part of the news which they hear if they are bored or occupied with something else.
I simply know what these people feel the whole horror.
And I can not cease to feel.
Nothing has changed, the people still want to kill each other and that is so sad.
Damir became large and is a very soft and quiet boy, it is not aggressive or angry at all.
He does not seek revenge, for example, for it is not overwhelmed by the last dreadful atrocities.
I know that he does not like to remember, but he has six close friends from the class and they go occasionally in the sports hall and ignite candles there.
When it was smaller, he suffered from that - I remember as he laid onto the sofa sometimes, turned away the face from us, for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I remember, as he threw all its weapons and other military game witness. There is now 17, greater than I, Catherine, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I was so secure for some hours that it is dead and I would never again see it
When I recovered after the explosion and came to the legs, I looked around, and the hell looked around me around, with parts of the body lying around everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that my small boy could have survived in this hell.
"I remember that I called on him," Damir,, run away ', but I was also so sure that he had not heard me.
But he has heard it and it is ears when she ran away.
And so the life, different than that of many others, for us goes wider.
Georgij Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible image after the siege become a symbol of abominations of Beslan was
Comfort: The Beslan survivor Georgij Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege 2004, to the right a picture of Georgij today
His face covered with blood was drawn from fear when he went to his life, while Chechen terrorists were shooting down its class, however.
His image was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had dropped it off for his first school day before she hurried loosely in order to bring their older son Wladimir to the university.
"I left the farm. For two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and so my small boy remained alone there for three terrible days' she remembers.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they have been killed all.
Only my Georgy managed to survive.
The closer we come to this date, the more difficult it is to remember and to talk about it.
There is not any single day, at which we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it long ago is, I believe that it would be done yesterday, some scenes from these days constantly follow me.
No one will ever forget, I can assure you.
Powerful: The image of Georgij (to the left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized as a statue (to the right).
I remember, that Georgij wanted to go so gladly on this day to the school. He said he wants to embrace his teacher.
I knew only that he was alive, when I saw him on television.
And now there is even this statue of the crying Georgij in San Marino.
Georgij does not see the picture gladly, and it is hidden with us at home in the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also believe that the people in the world thanks to this image our pain.
Mr says today: "It is important that such a thing can never happen again.
"I doubt that we ever find out the truth.
The people examine such tragedies again and again and never find out the truth.
And now they examine the crash of this Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we find out ever what caused it?
This world becomes something terrible.
"I cannot understand how this is possible, because if you ask the people, nobody wants a war, so how is this happening?
Ten years have nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years, around it one to forget little in a small way.
It attacked my health and I still feel it.
For about three or four years, I have had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it was better.
I went later in the year 2004 back in school and had every day fear.
I thought of my friends and classmates, which had been killed.
For that I always go into the gym when the 1st September comes closer.
I want to say my old childhood friends toll.
It is difficult for me to go to the gym, but I have to do it.
I do not feel as victims, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I do not pity myself.
My life goes on.
I have completed this year the school and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I will become heart surgeon.
My first election was a training in the army.
I wanted to become a soldier, but my health did not let this happen.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgij Fanijew, 20
The boy lived, to feet, even though it was caught a murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgij Fanijew was during the siege caught to root of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, it was caught in the gym and was next to the bomb, which was attached to the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It is really a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel it as if it have been yesterday", says Georgij that wanted to go to the FSB as a secret service officer, but could not do this because of his sanitary damages due to the siege.
It is still with me, it is not anything which I have let behind myself.
I am now older and people say that children can deal with terrible experience - I must say that this is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists and felt after that a little better in fact, however I cannot forget it.
And I would like to forget.
2005 - the year after that - was the first and only time that I back into the gym.
I lost the consciousness.
I will return never again there and they do not ask me to show you where I was in this famous picture.
Survivors': Georgij Fanijew today, with a host of themselves in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous and I carry it every day with me.
My friends know that I do not like to think and speak or they never asked me after the school.
I am well physically.
I should be careful with my injured knees, but I can now go well.
But because of my health I could not study at the secret service academy of the FSB in St. Petersburg as I wanted.
I have my documents also the medical ones sent in and they answered, that it is not possible.
The animals have been my second passion, so I went to the veterinary institution.
I have already there two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals "of cats up to cows".
He said: 'I knew that I would report back to my children never by my experience.
About that children should not know anything and they should not suffer it as a matter of course either.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "This pain leaves me never.
It is in my soul, worse, if the anniversary comes closer.
I will go to the celebrations in memory.
I know that Georgij will not go.
It must be much more for him, because he was there and I do not.
I waited at home on him and could not help.
I am God so grateful that it was returned to me. Here in Beslan all of them are drawn
It remains in us.
Georgij is now an adult, but this horror is still in it.
It is heavy to accept that when something so Unfair happens to one.
He is a boy, it may sport, but it can not due to its knees.
He was operates on several occasions that he can run, but no sport.
I would say that he overcame the horrors to 50%, but one can never overcome that and forget that.
This terrible experience will always follow us.
Many friends and neighbours were killed during the siege and the only increases my pain.
I lost many people who I knew well and who were expensive to me.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift that God could make me, but my heart cries for the people killed.
I know of families, in which new children were born, but also of widows, the never again have married.
It is heavy to accept that the life goes on even if one does not want that.
I will never forget how my heart jumped in me when I saw it in the hospital.
And now I see what in the world goes on - wars in other regions.
What do these people fight for?
Why do they kill each other.
The war is now very close to our country and I can almost not believe that.
We were formerly a friendly country, as it can be that we fight now?
People and children suffer, I am sure that in Ukraine have many children were killed and many be killed.
If we include and could throw out all these rebels, as far away as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby who was borne movingly so by a special task force out of danger
Saved: Aljona Tskajewa is saved by a Russian special task force (to the left).
It is now ten (to the right) and does not remember the atrocities at all.
The world stopped in 2004 the breath when the baby Aljona was taken into the pauper of a Russian policeman by Beslan from the siege.
The terrorists made her go, but they held up their 30-year old mother, the 10-year old sister Kristina and their brother Makhar in the school gym in their cruelty.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous slaughter.
Your father Ruslan got married since then, and has a little girl, with its new wife Svetlana that he named after its lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, today ten years old, does not remember the siege and grew up to an intelligent and happy girl, neighbors say.
"You are now a big happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great children", a close friend says.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to spare them all the memories that approach with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
Man accused of girls to pedestrian crossing in Fife to have run over
A 78-year old man is because of the ongoing over a three-year-old girl on a pedestrian transition in Fife in court.
Gordon leaders is accused of have hit a girl on the transition in Pittenween in East Neuk.
The indictment indicates, Mr steward have its Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and controlled the girl injured.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation before the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC applied the procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you wish to make photographs or videos underwater, there is a choice of equipment.
The cheapest option is a watertight Point-And-Shoot, such as the Nikon AW120 or a Action-Cam as the first Hero3 + Silver edition, which are both for about $300.
I have received these photos of a family party with several cameras available for a price of less than $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a watertight camera, make sure that the battery compartment and other subjects are closed.
Put your camera on the photos or videos, which you want to capture.
Some cameras and camcorders have scene and photo modes with which the exposure time is optimized for the dim underwater conditions.
And before you jump in, you check until which depth your outfit is operative.
Some cameras are approved only for up to 5 feet, others to 50 or 60 feet.
Search for digital cameras in our purchase leader and the evaluations for traditional and waterproof models.
You are multiple photos - because many will not work.
Point-and-Shoot cameras have a LCD, with which you can compose pictures, Action-Cams usually not.
Even if you have a LCD, it is difficult to do so under water, and the right image attitude is a matter of chance.
So you do many photographs
If your camera has a row mode with which a series of photos with slightly changed illumination attitudes are done, you use it.
You remain near the surface.
The light becomes dramatically worse the wider you leave the surface.
If possible, they remain so close to the surface if you do photographs in a pool, a lake or the sea.
So you can also bring more color in your photos; the deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Approach close to the objects.
The country is also a good Council under water, but it is all the more important because of the bad light conditions.
It is completely especially important if you work with an Action-Cam: These devices have often a firm wide-angle coverage lens which means, that you thicker onto your objects must, if these are supposed to fill the entire picture frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort that character changes things even in a so gigantic organization as the NHS.
As a consultative but no anesthetic doctor he devoted his career to the task to be spared the sick both the agony of the disease, and the pain of treatment.
Among his patients, so his wife remembers, a MI6 employee was that had to live from tortures with the disastrous effects.
Lawson knew that the doctors are the diagnoses and diseases important, whereas the next Generation offers mostly with something quite different: Pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one whose ordeal began.
"I did not feel myself," he wrote in May this year.
I had difficulties to raise me.
While he was fighting with the flu-similar symptoms, he noticed that it did his wife Juliet reproaches impatiently.
"I want everything more directly than later," he noted.
When Juliet was on a business trip for a week, lawsone fully felt unusually, and without reason concerns.
Anything was in the air.
He asked a colleague to carry out a radiological examination of its breast.
Only two weeks ago it had been in the French Alps for the skiing.
There was the result of the X-ray test.
He suffered from mesothelioma, a incurable cancer, the breast fur, in other words the the lungs on drawing the end of skin.
As with the case of most cancer illnesses the exact trigger is to be determined mostly heavily.
For example, while some smokers are falling with lung cancer, all Lungenkrebserkrankten were not previously smokers.
But Mesotheliom is different.
In almost all cases, the cause is an asbestos burden - contact with the fibre material that was once seen as "miracle material but has now been recognised as serious
For most of us, teambuilding is a disease that can ignore how easy.
Asbestos is, after all, a product of the past.
The most dangerous asbestos type was not used in Britain since the 1960 "s more than the industry has committed itself voluntarily to stop using this.
Also, where it was still used, only people worked in certain branches directly with the material - plumbers, building workers, carpenters and dockers for example.
As an industrial dangerous material from another time it today hardly yet seems to be alarming.
But this complacency is inappropriate.
Britain, it seems, is experiencing the culmination of a Mesoltheliom disease.
There are more deaths from teambuilding here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year twice as many people die from this disease than road accidents.
The annual figures Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and expected future deaths in the United Kingdom
The reason why we are seeing the fatal consequences now, even though it is asbestos for years illegal (1999 have been banned all types of asbestos), is that developed a teambuilding only after decades.
And the scourge of mesothelioma is not limited to former workers the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is frequent still, in the houses available, in which we live, the offices in which we work, the schools, in which we learn and the businesses in which we shop.
And that is why teambuilding knows no class barriers, financial borders, professions or age.
The privileged bastions, of the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are not a harbor.
The Parliament building are asbestos contaminated.
Also in the hospitals in which nevertheless we are supposed to become healthy were defined already as initial stoves of this fatal carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not a plumber.
It was difficult for him in fact to imagine where it could have come possibly with asbestos in contact.
Then he found it.
"It looks as if in the tunnels at the Guy 's an amount of asbestos were available to hospital, where I completed my training for six years." He wrote.
All - Students, nurses, doctors and gatekeepers - use the tunnels.
One wonders how many will be my age at the same disease?
Unfortunately, he was unable to answer this question, at least in part.
"From the four doctors that were trained at the Guy 's hospital, and that fell with Mesotheliom ill in the last five years" he wrote in 2010 in a letter, "I am the last one that still lives."
How many of us will fall ill?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with Mesotheliom in the age of 48 years.
When he died on 17 February this year, he was 55.
That was an unusually long survival time.
Fifty per cent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months after the diagnosis.
The disease always ends fatal.
We can therefore only repeat Lawsons question: 'How many of us will fall ill?'
The leading expert Britain "s to mesothelioma, a professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870-74 and 2050, if the asbestos epidemic in the United Kingdom is expected to come to a standstill, a total of 90.000 of the disease will be the victims.
Most of them have no idea at the moment, so that they will die.
A asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A short look onto the files of the courts which the concerned persons turn to frequently because of claims for compensation shows how far the scourge of the Mesothelioms is already spread.
In June this year "s Marks & Spencer has, for example, too, to have stopped Janice of All negligently cast an air asbestos.
She worked nine years for the chain, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible on the clothing department in two locations - one of them the purchase in the Oxford Street.
Mrs Allen was only 18 years as, when it began its work in M & S.
Now it has two children in the twenties.
In this matter, "says, 'I had never heard of teambuilding, I had not even really on asbestos.
I never thought that I would affect the.
There are few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the term asbestos is not one substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name stems from the word 'Asbestiform ", a description of the fibre structure that makes the material resistant and flexibility.
Three of the six have been used in construction.
Chrysotile asbestos, also known as white asbestos today, is by far the most widely found asbestos in buildings.
It was used for roof plates, slabs, tube isolations, storage water heater isolations, even for brake linings in cars.
It is less serious than other asbestos forms, but is regarded as a major health risk "with possible death by the EU and the WTO.
More dangerous is, however, the brown asbestos (Amosite) and that blue asbestos (Cape asbestos).
Britain was once the world "s largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts believe that" it clear indirect evidence that this is a major reason for the uniquely high Mesotheliomraten.
A member of Marks & Spencer was taken in the flagship store in the Oxford Street, London, exposed to asbestos Alamy
Janice Allen may have seen not as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that their history is not unusual.
He has presented a study of those affected, in the is presented that 'was caused a substantial proportion of the mesothelioma without known suspension through work or in this House probably by asbestos contact in the environment'.
A majority of these contacts is based according to his statement on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It appears that no one can expect to be safe.
A report by Goddard consulting, the Palace of Westminster has investigated, shows how people in the heart of the government, unknowingly may have been exposed to the substance.
In 2009, Goddard reported that the service formulating and pipelines behind the committee rooms of Parliament with asbestos whose serious fibres could be caused by something as safe as "strong air movements" were contaminated.
Members of Parliament are accused often to look after their own interests, but it looks as if the opposite would have to.
While the management office of the Parliamentary Work Service was insisting on the Westminsterpalast receiving a "clean health certificate", meanwhile it is undisputed that 1 billion £of amount of work must be found over several years in order to renovate the parliament to modernize the electrical installations and that asbestos remove, and that according to the general elections in 2015 the representatives will presumably rather meet in the QE2 conference center seemed likely than on the green banks in Westminster.
The Goddard report also indicated that 'was not handled the presence of asbestos in accordance with the relevant provisions'.
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
Everything that can be done now is wait.
A person who was able to determine the contact with asbestos never exactly is Graham Abbott, a general practitioners.
As Andrew Lawson the 50 old Abbott suspect that it was stopped in its work in hospitals, the asbestos.
"I have worked in a hospital in which asbestos complaints positive were decided," he says, "but I can not prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all places which one worked on and onto the data.
At which it still exactly remembered is the day at the beginning of December 2009 at which he got such kind of fevers.
He was 45, and was late in the evening by an operation.
I had suddenly joggling-frost.
It was all of a sudden.
I felt terrible.
I thought not to get the trip left home.
As a doctor knew Abbott that the pain of breast fur, the skin by his lungs came around.
But how Janice Allen he had no reason to suspect, a mesothelioma.
He was not a month to work.
Amazed doctors made X-rays of his breast and apply Pleurakathether in order to take liquid from the lungs and to test in the lab.
His complaints, but without diagnosis.
His health improved slowly, and it has returned to his job.
From time to time the symptoms returned, however, often after sporting activity and violent terrorists.
2011 was a patient Abbott "s with similar symptoms in its practice and has been diagnosed with teambuilding later.
But also now Abbott did not combine this with his own case.
After all, its patient was a few decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011 Abbotts state worsened again and his family doctor brought his CT-Scans and X-rays to an expert group.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott felt for the first time ill, introduced a with a camera equipped probe in the between the music and the breast.
I am an optimist.
I am generally simple further, "he says.
To be honest, I had not made me so many concerns.
But Rachel, my wife, was concerned.
The result of the purpose: Lay in the week between Christmas and New Year: 'I was told that it was teambuilding.'
Graham Abbott: Diagnosis teambuilding
Suddenly Abbott had appointments with Macmillan-nurses from whom one recommended him to take an attorney.
Only now he understood the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very widespread especially in big public buildings in which tubes were often isolated with asbestos", he says.
The people, that the asbestos in these buildings were stopped, fall ill now.
And it is now teambuilding younger people who have worked in the typical professions.
The most dangerous tubes with asbestos isolations in hospitals below the earth, so patients were not stopped the material
But many employees, that changed into pedestrian Tunneling from a building into the other one (as Andrew Lawson) or ate in underground canteens (as it often did to Graham Abbott), came with greatest probability into contact with the poisonous substances.
It shows that were for several decades after the war hospitals for patients may save lives, but slum-livers for the Firouz doctors.
It will also still today.
Pupils geared their bunsen burners to asbestos mats.
And it is not just hospitals.
Asbestos was due to its fabulous insulating and flame retardant polyester properties often in offices, shops, libraries and city halls.
Also schools.
Indeed, many people have had the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Everywhere in the country, in thousands of chemistry hours, pupils geared their bunsen burners to asbestos mats.
The issue of asbestos is spoken about Web sites now often in schools.
And meanwhile so innocent objects in our houses as slabs or scale roofs contained asbestos as a default.
'It is a industry poison that is contained in large parts of our real estate,' noticed Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who Andrew Lawson in his trial against Guy 'has represented.
In one case, the only way that a woman remembered was the dismantling of a garden box in the 1970 "s.
So you look out as you tear down your garden box.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
A while regrets to process that ", Graham Abbott says.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but I noted that I could not focus on what I have done.
I was two weeks in practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and take care of myself.
Well, I am not going to further Christmas.
With the greatest difficulty was the perspective change of the position of a doctor to that of a patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers how overwhelmed it was from all the information with which he rightly had to come.
It was very difficult to include all of this, "he says.
"I asked my doctor 'how long I still have?'
And I was still around 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "Well, I am not going to further Christmas.
That was it then. "
Teambuilding is particularly insidious, because it our lives conservation mechanism - the breathe itself - is that caused the fatal cancer.
Most of the cases of teambuilding are caused by asbestos.
Asbestos consists of smallest fibres.
If the asbestos is has caused and the fibres are inhaled, can they in the pleura, skin, by the lungs.
Asbestos fibers irritate the pleura and can activate cell mutations.
"The problem arises with the inhaled acerose asbestos fibers", so professor Tom treasure, a heart thorax doctor that changed Hospital in 2001 onto the Guy 's.
Exactly the hospital, of the Andrew Lawson believed that it has suspended the asbestos, is now ironically, a leading centre in the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasury knew lawsone and dealt with some others that probably during their education in the hospital the asbestos were stopped.
As soon as the asbestos needles reach the pulmonary fabric treasure says "where the skin is, if they are pressed from the breath process onto the edge.
By nature it is from the beginning invasive.
The usual options on other cancers not work in teambuilding so good.
The effectiveness of a operation, for example, is hotly contested.
Some say that it is worth a try.
Treasure denies that.
"One cannot cut out the pleura", he says.
You are not with the knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer is not to chemotherapy very well, "the" effect ', but does not cure.
"Sometimes there are long-term on living," says treasure.
But in the end they die all.
Fortunately, some patients live long, in fact, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
Two and a half years after its own diagnosis is fighting Graham Abbott still.
After he had contacted mesothelioma, Abbott in contact with Andrew Lawson, of the four years after its diagnosis a Check-In man support and consultancy for company had become Mitbetroffene.
He imagined "Hallo, cancer headquarters," cheerfully in the case of calls.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis 4 years earlier, and was still very active.
Initially, Abbott had been offered to six chemotherapy cycles, which would last four months and likely to extend his life by only a month.
'I was desperate, "he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, was' things in a slightly more positive light '.
After the consultation of several doctors Abbott, its treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, decided to continue heart-thorax-specialist at the Guy.
"We had an advantage by the fact that I do not further had to be referred, I called simply and got a date," Graham.
A normal patient would must be given a reference and have to wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial for Mesotheliom-ills in order to be able to use the best available treatments.
But if these treatments finally inevitably fail, many are affected by a different financial concern - on the future of the families who leave them.
And so they are directed to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It is since 1898 known that asbestos is extreme dangerously for the health", says Morgan.
But what in the 1960 "s changed is that it was realized that was also a very low burden a health risk.
And here the negligence of companies began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy was laid in their case, finally, but it was not what Morgan a 'full compensation', as has been able to prove not Lawson with absolute certainty that teambuilding be on a asbestos contact on Guy 'was due.
After the investigation on his death confirmed a spokesman for the Guy ', however, that' have been removed the asbestos fibres in the affected Keller area in the 1990 "s.
This was for Andrew Lawson too late.
How asbestos can be eliminated.
It is actual for Mesotheliom ills that make an effort for compensation, an enormous problem to assign the fatal asbestos contact to a company or a job - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their previous employers have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who are against claims, know that the time for it is, but certainly not with the prosecutor.
As reaction to that there were this year clear new legislations that it makes more simply for Mesotheliom concerned persons to demand a compensation even if their former employers are not to be discovered anymore.
The law established a fund of 350 million £for all that were diagnosed after July 2012 supported by the insurance industry be able to prove a contact, but not be able to sue anybody.
In these cases, the plaintiffs receive 80% of what a court could have given to them in a normal compensation process - roughly 120,000 £.
Some 300 successful applications in the programme are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan feels like so many Mesotheliom concerned that £350 million represented a 'very good work of the insurance industry.
"That is a deal of insurers for insurers", he says, and points out that it is a question of a quarter of what insurers would have had to pay with the case of this sum if the time had not passed over that and Mesotheliom ills find the enterprises and they could sue normal.
Also Mike penning, former work and retirement minister, admitted that the law is not "perfect".
But both penning and Morgan admitted that faced with seven deaths a fast action is necessary daily.
"The people suffer so much and need help today," said penning during the second hearing of the Mesotheliom-law in December of last year.
At this point, Mr Abbott was for 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski.
According to their first deliberations Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation, of which he unlike Tom treasure a positive impact expected.
This has been accompanied by a radiation therapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy with which Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate more than five years of up to 40%.
Abbott felt strengthened.
That is, of course, with the most important thing, he says.
You can see that again and again in patients.
There is something that you can continue.
If you give up, you are feeling very quickly more bad.
Graham Abbott subjected himself to the operation in March 2012.
At the end of August, he had the last of the six chemotherapy cycles.
After concern scans is showing no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There have been several cancer-spots by my chest.
I became 50.
That is not life-threatening.
That is life-ending.
Again Abbott subjected himself to six chemotherapy cycles.
Now is not a trail of tumours more visible.
But the process is very hard physically and psychologically.
You need to think of practical things - on the money, if I am not more, for example, or to my wife, as the storage water heater timing worked.
If you get bad news, you will be negative.
You must look forward.
As father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, that is not always easy.
'For parents is the difficult, "he says.
It is difficult to know what we should say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I said to my girls that I would have an illness with which I would not get old.
You responded very different.
Tamsin is very sociable and impetuous.
She told it to their friends and we got soon many calls.
Ellie was more cautious.
You did not say a lot.
Such discussions are something that have to go through all cancer patients.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such conversations are not from hope pulled through, not of a track of hope for survival.
The disease brings (as end to Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body of embalmed Pharaohs wound into asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibres that were used to strengthen pots and for a greater heat resistance.
As Pliny older man describes asbestos.
It was developed a tissue that is not.
I charred napkins from that in the case of feasts in the chimneys see.
The use of modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to paper (also notes) and substance.
Important asbestos mines become in Canada and South Africa opened and short after that in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal isolation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production jump to more than 30,000 tons per year.
Statisticians of prudential identify an early death rate at those who work with asbestos. These do not get any life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says that asbestos particles in the lungs "without any reasonable doubt the main cause of death '.
That is the first case of this kind.
Kershaws employers, Turner Bros asbestos, do not take any liability.
No compensation is paid.
During the second world war ships are built intense one of the most fatal performances with asbestos contact.
Voluntary renunciation of the industry of the import of blue asbestos
A Court of Appeal confirms the first successful people in the United Kingdom due to bring an action for damages contact with asbestos.
The global asbestos production goes up onto more than 4,213,000 tons annually.
Great Britain imports 139,000 tons.
A health and security executive in Great Britain obliges all companies which work with asbestos to the license acquisition.
The import and use of black and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in the United Kingdom.
Any use of asbestos is banned in the United Kingdom.
The Mesotheliom-law is adopted in the United Kingdom.
A compensation programme of £350 million will be announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, white asbestos continues to be used, but, as economic construction material in many countries of the world.
The worldwide production is annual at about 2 million tons.
China refused Hong Kong right to government election, demonstrators swear retaliation
On Sunday, the Chinese Parliament decided, despite the growing calls for democratic reform against the nomination of candidates for the elections in 2017 by the electorate from Hong Kong.
This procedure inspires presumably the long announced protests in Hong Kong 's business district while activists were leading the planning and mobilization for this purpose within less hours according to the announcement into the ways.
The decision of the Chinese People "s Congress allows the Communist leaders in principle, all not Beijing loyal candidates.
"The is not unexpected, but it makes us but wroth," said right expert Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Beijing had promised.
It has lied to the inhabitants of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of the Chinese decision Li Fei, vicesecretary-general of the Constant Committee of the National Nation Congress, said that the admission of public nominations would be too "chaotic" at the choices for the government from Hong Kong.
Since 1997, when Britain returned the control of Hong Kong to the Chinese, Beijing promised to make the people from 2017 choose the government presidency.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision of the Sunday as a democratic breakthrough because there is a direct right to vote to the citizens of Hong Kong, but the decision makes also clearly that the Chinese leadership keeps the course firmly through a nomination committee closely controlled by Peking in the hand.
According to a new stipulation only candidates "with love of the country and love of Hong Kong" are in addition supposed to be admitted.
The decision follows a summer of some of the largest and most visible protests were to be held in Hong Kong for many years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong, the movement occupy Central In Love and peace is that organizers has threatened to cut off the financial meltdown if Beijing does not allow any real universal suffrage
At the Sunday evening hundreds of Occupy-Central-supporters had met within few hours according to the announcement in the rain before the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
During the demonstration the organizers said that their movement have reached a new stage of civil disobedience and they planned protest waves in the coming weeks.
You did not give further information to seemingly avoid by problems with the authorities.
In an online communication the organizers informed, that the movement "the occupation of the Central District only when last resort took into account, an action that only then should take place if all dialogue opportunities are exploited and there is no other choice.
We are sorry about having to say that all dialog chances were exploited today and the occupation of the central district will occur definitively.
The authorities in Hong Kong have for days on the announcement of Beijing, and it were prepared on Sunday before the government buildings more stringent security measures including police forces and barricades.
The riots are supported by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they are losing control of their city slowly.
The influx of people from the mainland reinforces the competition for products and services.
Moreover, there is a growing fear that the values such as democracy and freedom of speech Hong Kong under the growing pressure of Beijing begin to crumble.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy-Central-movement since it endangers the business concern - the lifeline of Hong Kong.
"The protests that they speak of could cause great economic damage, depending on how many are involved in this and how long they last," legal expert Regine Ip said that criticizes the movement for a long time.
We do not want to create any fears that Hong Kong spirals out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
The from a government viewpoint controlled media of China reported also recently about the democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled from western powers.
This summer organised activists an unofficial referendum on the electoral rights, which were attended by September people - more than a fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands of one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of graduation balls in the US is transferred to the universities, where incoming appearances by private aircraft are offered.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand and the first luxurious travel service of Britain for students today.
In order to be able to make a particularly impressive performance at the University, the company also offers transport options as private aircraft, Rolls-Royce phantom, Aston marten or McLaren P1.
Mr leaders also declared that the service has a security section.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who otherwise would have to drive their belongings through the country in a dangerously overloaded car.
Together with our new VIF-options we look forward to guaranteeing for the students reaching the university with a minimum of expenditure and a maximum at luxury this year.
An enterprise speaker said that there would not be yet any new bookings since the service was just introduced first added, however, that Students would book the service in the next weeks.
The company has also stated that it expects a market despite the tuition fees of £9,000 per year for this offer.
Distinguish students today in their expectations and claims very of the students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it is ever more important then to do a splendid first impression and with VIF can one exactly that.
The National Student Union criticized the service, however, as removed.
Megan Dunn, Vice-President of the nus for higher education said: "This offer seems entirely separated from the life of the majority of students.
Many students who are starting to study this month, face a crisis of the cost of living, since the available financial aid do not keep up with the soaring bills in the form of loans and grants for the simplest bases of life before they can feel at all - to be spent thousands of pounds for something simple as the arrival in the dormitory.
Feminists criticize according to racial issue and police behaviors Ferguson
The unarmed teenager became early this month of a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. killed.
The participants lifted their hands into the air and sang, "Hands high, not fire" while they were waiting before the funeral.
After two week long protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the shooting of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
After their experience put white feminist commentators the sex before the race, when it comes to reproduction right and raise income disparities.
While the tensions were going up in the Middle west, however, and receiving country observation as a whole, Perez saw that the answers were about the race from white women to 100%.
In comparison with the answers of black women shortly to the shots of the 9th August the personal essays with titles as "thoughts" came "of a white woman" to Ferguson "and" feminism does not turn only around the suppression from women "relatively late.
But for Perez that meant an important change.
"I do not believe that one finds many people in the feminism that be about the white and speak privileges in so highly class way she said.
The people felt for this purpose pressed into squeezing out something for the incidents.
It is typical of the crisis in which we are and because the situation in Ferguson lawmaker so that they must put it.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of the Ohio state University Ferguson problems onto the light to whom black Americans that, however, are considered not as "Woman topics" in the cultural room are abandoned every day brought.
"I can publish something merry on Facebook about me and my partner and get 150 likes here from everywhere", said Mitchell.
If I post something over how colors stand in their own country under siege, the silence is deafening.
'How can it be for women sure to speak publicly about a relationship, but not on security in the public sphere?' She asked.
For black women as Mitchell who studied race, sex and sexuality in the history of the USA there is not any dichotomy between race and sex problems.
For them black women do not have the luxury of clean, had to separate the issues; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women are combining the topics now race and sex in the feminist main stream circles Angela Hattery, professor for women and sex research at the George Mason University, says that their predecessors did the opposite.
"In between 1865 and 1890 at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the reason was almost always the rape of a white woman", said Hattery.
White women have had to be involved in the history to justify the Lynch murder.
For Hattery the split came between white and black women at the point at which white fighters analyzed the country for the woman right to vote as Susan B. Anthony in the late years of the 19th century and stated that the fight could be successful for the right to vote only for in each case a group: Women or blacks.
'You made the decision to stand up for the right, and the right to vote for blacks should come later,' Hattery said.
If one remembers such things, it becomes conscious to one with power why colored women do not trust white women.
We did not make our job good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Also after women received the right to vote in 1920, it lasted another decade until white women organized themselves against the lynching in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of lynching.
The group was almost 40 years after the original request for assistance from black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell the flood of white feminist reactions to the questions raised by Ferguson - police behavior, race discrimination - is a mirror of the time, in which white feminists "call tracing call holds" played with the problems with which black women sat down from each other since generations.
"It would be great if the activists, the feminist platforms traditional over such relief the right to education of a child so seriously would take as they did with the right to design control?" Mitchell asked.
Feminists of the second generation that based their career on the fight for reproduction rights and the access to contraceptive means attempt to understand now what means that.
The well-known white feminist activist of their children was two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and has published an article by Rebecca Carroll, certain dates only of the Guardian, which calls for more protests from white Americans on the subject of racism.
"I hope for women who have an other, but parallel reason for understanding a danger being inherent in the body - and opinion on the race which are clearly different in public inquiries - mentioning the changes", wrote Steinem.
Even though Steinem for a more through feminism, be addressed in the race, as well as gender issues are perplexed by some of their comments on the race issue in America but.
Christina summer, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who stole feminism?" Said to She The People that young men in the United States, in particular young coloured men, "are far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinems comments on Ferguson are contrary to its previous criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently a small programme, My Brother 's keeper opened, to vulnerable young black and to help Hispanic men, there was annoying reactions of many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police to the black community is not the only problem that at the forefront of the mainstream feminism is pressing.
After the US border police picked up almost 63,000 unaccompanied capella minors at the southwest border of the country this year, also the topic of the immigration reform goes again onto the surface - this time as a woman topic.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairperson of We Belong Together, of an organization which mobilizes women for the immigration reform said that for a new consideration of the topic as an essential woman topic she must publish only the histories of the immigrant women.
"These speak for themselves," Mercado said.
If the great majority of the work visas goes onto masculine immigrants, the women who accompany it are in a position in which they are sensitive to domestic power and exploitation.
"These stories will find a echoes in the women" s organisations, "she said.
"Pig-house" in Ipswich is for sale
The picture of a house being for sale which had set it off to itself comfortably in the living room was removed by estate agents when it became clear that it showed a big pig.
The free-standing house has a bedroom, is due to a private street in Ipswich and 120,000 £are offered.
A figure of the living room of the house belonged to the details - to which also a pig belonged, that his head onto a sofa had bedded.
Estate agent Connells said the pig on the photo is the domestic animal of the owner.
"The reception mistakenly has been published and is now away a speaker of the company said.
In the plan of the house Connells described the former meeting house than a "unique single-family house with a bedroom."
Although the broker removed the image of the Web site, it still appears on advertising-material.
The house sale guaranteed in the social media for interest as if some would ask whether the pig is contained in the purchase price.
The SW city of Harvey established according to lotto benefit a new millionaire
A lotto player from Harvey is this month at that
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth lasts, with a happy winner that receives almost 1.1 million $from the lotto drawing on Saturday.
One news in Harvey went for the second time in five years, the jackpot in the drawing of the first division, after 1 million $in November 2009.
The happy winner must still answer, however.
The shopkeepers Steve Forward said that the profit Sorge in Germany in the small town in the south-west of Perth.
The city does not talk about anything else, and they are all quite excited.
We thought that such a profit could occur.
Eight Wa winners celebrated in the last month profits in the first division, a due end for a few happy weeks for the players in the state.
In the last week, a player from canning Vale one of the five millionaires in August, after a married couple from Belmont just a few weeks before the mega profit of $7.5 million had achieved.
The winner couple had been playing for twenty years and said that the benefit allows them the possibility of a world and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the Wa this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Leonidas asked into regressing arena
Not only the gladiators stood ankle in the slush at the first Rhine wild boar Roman day in the recreational park.
But the appeal of the event was strong enough to attract more than 1,000 visitors yesterday that defied the rain taking a shower and autumnal cold and be absolutely thrilled at the historical spectacle.
There was a colored round of representations, performances, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
Martial fighter force of regressing school of "Amor Mortis", who used every rain pause for demonstrating a robust fight art in the arena preserved with soft sand, was main attraction of the day undoubtedly
Regressing owner 'Leonidas "proved humor and competent host and sent his men after each other to the sound of the heroic match regressing in various types.
First it was up to the "Provocatoren" with rectangular shield and Kurzschwert and football fall at the left leg and appeared at the right wing.
The "Essedarii" with breast-plate, short sword, and throw out, as well as iron regressing helmet, leg and poor protection, followed.
The appearance of the "Retiarius" who competed with the "Secutor" with casting net, Trident and dagger and pushed the lad to ground after short fight was especially impressive.
There the swords cracked metallically at each other, the shields schepperten and the throw lances flew humming through the arena, that one fear and bangs could become around the health of the gladiators.
But on the had Pliva 'Summa Rudi' s', the like barks referee, always a close eye.
"We wanted to make the Roman everyday life revived and make the culture of Roman time real", declared intention to Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizer "Circle of friends Römerkanal", behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation time an "Oppidum Romanum", a Roman city, became from the recreational park for a day as Vizebürgermeister Claus Wehage found in his greeting word.
After all, the Romans has not only brought war and occupation in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings that we still revere today.
Remains of that were to be marveled at also at the Roman day, about instance "aqueduct marble" of the Roman channel bridge eleven meters high and 1400 meters long that some day stood at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus-Gesellschaft, the water and energy once and now, and Managing Director Petra Fricke knew: 'Today, we are still benefit from the knowledge of that time ".
This is also confirmed Diplom surveyor Ralph saint of "engineer team two" from Rheinbach, the measuring instruments, as the Romans Chorobat Groma or Dioptra retrieve.
The Roman villa into rough drafts presented to Blankenheim and models of the excavations anno 1894 as well as bricks from the Original-Hypokauste, the hot air heating which once warmed up the Roman villa.
Impressing also the footprints that had been left behind by wolf and fox two millennia ago in the kicks of clay before one burned these.
In 2011 the office had dug up the remains of a Roman villa for ground care of monuments with the case of the Rhineland country association in the trade park north in Rheinbach.
We found encirclement walls of a building for growing crops for industry for trade building construction with a dry kiln for dry cereals and malting.
The building probably belonged to a Villa Rustica, an agricultural good declared archeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
She introduced a series of find pieces from these excavations in a glass showcase cabinet, under that a big plate, several fine glass envelopes as well as parts of a dainty necklace.
The villa existed presumably from the first up to the fourth century according to Christ, up to the idea of the Germans in the then Roman Rhineland, Morscheiser presumes.
With it the children occupied themselves furthermore with the Roman windmill game, similar to the present nine men 's Morris, or they wrote their names with metal styluses as once the Roman pupils on guard boards
At the state of the Roman thermal springs Zülpich the children mosaics themselves were allowed to put, make glass mosaics at the state of the glass museum Rhine creek and help themselves Nettersheim at the state of the Eifel natural center a heavy wheat mill of stone in order to mill the flour for a pancake bread or a muesli
With the carefully reproduced Roman touring car drawn by two cold-blooded animals the visitors have gone through the amusement park and has also past the impressive state of the Urban grammar school that "presented the results of its" Roman project weeks' here.
With a Roman week of the 13th to 21st September also the municipality guard mountain into that brings in Rhineland-wide called out Roman year 2014, that is supposed to remind Augustus of the death of emperor 2000 years ago.
Together with the home and historical ver a, as well as the watch Berger hiking Verein, the partnership association and the layman game circle, inter alia, be Oberbachem thematic hikes, a lecture, cook evenings, as well as guides for school classes and offered to the Roman past Bergs watch.
In this case, for example, a Roman legionnaire will tell about his work on the drafty guard mountain, plants than living monument introduced by the Treaty of time and a funny teaching-hour on people communication between a group submitted to Wachtberger "Germans' and consulted Romans.
The Adendorfer elementary school dedicates itself within the framework of a project week to the Roman topic.
With the Roman week the numerous ones are supposed to be done frequently but no more at first sight visible tracks of the Romans in guard mountain in an again learnable way.
In the watch Berger Rathaus will be a small presentation to the Fund of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879,.
Ebola: The epidemic of West Africa economy burdened
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is also a serious blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned - and international companies go to distance.
The devastating Ebola outbreak is a serious blow to the economy of West Africa.
The harvest rotting in the fields that mines are orphaned and leave the markets - the virus has added to the region difficult.
Some international companies go back to distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but also an economical", the head of the African Development Bank Donald Kaberuka, judges.
Liberia is hit hardest
"It is a total disaster, we lose a lot of money," Alhaji Bamogo says, who sells clothing on the second largest market in Liberia 's capital Monrovia.
Who wants to buy food or something for the disinfection against Ebola only comes to the market.
Liberia hit in a hardest way from the virus, only here more than 600 people fell victim to the fever.
The health authorities recently declared that the disease is entered in every corner of the country.
Also in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria has spread the virus.
A total of more than 1 500 people have died, thousands of other infected.
Workers remove foreign firms
Everywhere in the resource-rich countries put from firms.
Their employees remove foreign enterprises as the steel company group Arcelor Mittal, several international airlines do not fly to the affected regions anymore.
Also respond the indigenous traders and farmers: Only a few merchants still leave their homes, in order to obtain supplies.
In some fields in Sierra Leone and Liberia which stand under quarantine the cocoa and coffee beans, important for the export, on the fields rot among other things.
The farmers do not dare to leave for the crop you home.
Food runs out
"The people are becoming less travel," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert for the economy of West Africa.
The man for example, that usually goes onto the market and sells his vegetable, stays more gladly at home.
That is why the population sees the consequences of the epidemic to feel directly and urgent: Food is short.
On the markets is dwindling stocks of basic foodstuffs such as rice.
At the same time that one threatens strongly from international companies dependent region an image damage - with comprehensive consequences.
The greatest danger is that international firms avoid the area in principle for a long time, Philippe to Hugon of the French think Tank iris.
It is decisive how far and how long the virus will still spread.
With investors the impression can arise, "that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and also to invest thus", warn Hugon.
The disease burden the strained national budgets of the Member States.
The disease is also the already stretched national budgets of the Member States concerned.
The rating agency Moody 's feared that their budgets are stretched from the high expenditure for the health care system, and in addition of the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank promised already to help out the health systems of the affected countries with 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
The effects are already in Nigeria, where very few Ebola-cases were diagnosed, felt.
While it is not affected the oil-rich region in the southern Niger Delta so far.
However, elsewhere already many people stay for fear of a contagion at home.
Also reservations in hotels go back clearly.
Shooters celebrate their 50th anniversary
The shooter association "fir wood" Berngau celebrates of 12th to 14th September his 50-year long foundation celebration.
In full swing run in Poland and protect the preparations for the 50-year establishment firmly of 12 to 14 September.
A great conversation evening with the group 'village rocker "is planned on Friday, 12 September.
On Saturday is in the great property-oriented shoot.
Then is strong in the mood evening with the 'STOA low-line brown bears you'.
Blaskapelle guarantees for the music
One on Sunday are the fixed church service and 9.30 p.m. in the Parish Church and the large pageant at 14 p.m.
In the afternoon also the distribution of prices of the Federal Government and district-firing is.
The 25 celebration ladies with their girls will be an especially beautiful sight.
Festkapelle is the brass band Bern district.
The auspices have assumed mayor Wolfgang wild and Secretary of State Albert for field.
The initial denomination "shooter society fir wood Bern district" comes from the year 1907, than on 21st March the association for the "social conversation by means of practice in the Zimmerstutzen- and" has been founded "small-bore target practice".
The NS-regime had agreed in 1937 for the solution of the association.
Only in 1964 19 young men found themselves again, that have lifted on the 30th April in the inn Lukas the "new" shooter association "fir wood" Bern district from the baptism.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the association through a difficult original time when it was a point of finding an association restaurant and install the firing-company as shooter masters.
Already in the fall 1965 the shooter association competed in the round competitions in the inn "Leininger" with two teams.
In the following years the sport shooters who in the meantime were organized in seven teams established themselves, in all classes up to the 1st district league.
The association records tumbled annually and the magic of 380 sounds was achieved for the first time in 1980 of Rudi Mary.
So as to have increased the efficiency of the active shooters also the memberships developed positively.
After the association restaurant "Leininger" did not suffice for the claims of a modern shooter association anymore, decided itself the former executive board shaft under the leadership from Johann Rinn in order to create a future residence in the cellar rooms of the new "country inn harder ice".
According to a work of 2700 hours gave on 8th May 1988 priest Strasser for the new shooter rooms the ecclesiastical blessing.
One of the great heights in the association history was certainly the 44th district-firing, coupled with the formal kind of the new shooter flag in July 1991.
At the 23rd and 24th April 1994 the shooter association celebrated his 30-year long foundation anniversary.
In 1995, a Böllergruppe was established.
Joseph Schmalzl became Böllerreferent.
A major challenge for the 'more property-oriented' and for the club as a whole was the orientation of the Kalac Böllertreffens 2005.
In many hours voluntary work have the Greenwall last year the areas and the annex in Berngauer Hof modernised and brought to the state of the art.
Eleven teams in round competitions
Sights can be let also to the athletic services of the shooter association.
In total eleven teams participate at the present time in the round competitions: Six air rifle teams, an air pistol team, one sport pistols KK1, one Youth- and two ah teams.
The 1st team with Lars Ellrich, to Katharina Ellrich, Steffi Grad and Kerstin Kellermann is in the round 2013 / 14 of the district Second League (highest league in the shooter district ANB) into the district league 1 climbed up.
The 2nd team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml climbed up from the district league north into the district Second League.
In addition to the firing-sport events such as goat sniping, carnival and royal ball, association migration and Christmas party have tradition.
With in this case the shooters also at the celebrations in parish and municipality are.
Tony Stewart suffers accident in the case of return to the ground.
Tony of steward return onto the ground ended for instance on half way through his race on Atlanta Motor speedway.
Steward went for the second time against the wall, after his right front tyre burst in round in 172 and it ended his evening.
Steward drove his damaged car into the garage and left it without speaking with journalists.
His team leader Chad Johnston said his 14-headed team is disappointed, concentrates now on the race, however, at the coming weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
'I wish we would have had a better use and a better result for him,' said Johnston.
We are going to Richmond and hope that we will be able to make it better.
Stewart was earlier in the race on Sunday evening after colliding with another in a wall and had to be the right side of his car.
'I am acting today with rather good hopes for a good result, "said Johnston and added:' It is simply not. '
Not long after the second accident stewards' car was loaded into the tractor and the team had packed and that was ready for the departure.
Steward let Cup three NASCAR Sprint races drop out after his car hit another driver at a cinder track race in the north of the New York state and killed him.
He decided to return this week and win either in Atlanta or during the next race in Richmond in order to win a place in the persecution.
It returned onto his job while an investigation for the tragic incident that led Jr to the death of the 20-year old Kevin Ward is being examined to. This had gone during a race onto the road in order to confront steward.
The authorities informed on Friday that the research on the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
Yet no decision on whether steward must reckon an accusation was made.
The three times champion was received with great applause when it was introduced before the race.
After a start at 12th position, steward had advanced already shortly after that into the first 10 and lay temporarily on place four.
After a restart start in round 122, turned out bush 's
2 dare to No 18 out of hand to the exit from curve and will clash with leaders, in which both cars brought against the wall.
Stewart went further, but fell on 21.
Dance warnings sought offspring
Simply try out: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and head Lisa Neitzel (of the left) look forward to combatants.
How many other clubs is to create the TOOTS groups in the TV she and private education to the secondary schools.
After the summer holidays have decimated some groups.
Now amplifies junior staff searched for an event that is healthy and does great fun.
In the two Jazz- and modern Dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, formerly dancer in the Jazz- and rotting Dance formation "of spirits", only another nine children are.
"Three in the group of the ones eight to twelve year long six in the group the twelve- to 15-year", the 20-year long one tells ".
With more active voices the whole would do more fun clearly, "one can very different choreographies dance", she says.
Who fancies dancing and can sniff Thursday between 17 and 18 p.m. or on Friday between 17 and 6.30 p.m. in the dance port area at the former hotel Meyer, free street 9, in a non-binding way into the training hour.
"The training begins regularly with a heating program", tells the coach.
After that different choreographies are experienced.
That jazz dance does not have the feature, there are no defined form, and it is therefore open to many expressions.
Elements of nationhood on classic period up to sport and acrobatics are used in the jazz dance.
Of course, the company does not come too soon.
"We go eating also once, look dance films and we stayed the night already once at the dance room Lisa Neitzel tells.
In the group one can close friendships, divide a wonderful hobby and do another whole amount for the own motor development in this case.
To whom jazz dance does not suit so, that one can sniff also into one of the other offers of the TV Jahn.
Children and young people can sniff always on Wednesdays child dance / jazz dance, Bambini-ballet, Videoclip-Dancing and hip-hop into the education in the classroom.
The dance trainer is Francisco Afonso.
Adults couples are to the clubs on Monday and Wednesday.
Who fancies disco fox terrier, slow waltz, Viennese waltz, rumba, cha-cha and tango may come around and join in.
The Bulgarian prison rather protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison employees from whole Bulgaria organized a national protest before the Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration they repeated their demands for restoration of their old working conditions, which recently has been changed.
Also higher salaries stand on a demand list which is supposed to be discussed with the interim Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
The officials protest for a month symbolically against the new working hours and call for a return to the previous 24-hour classes.
Despite the meeting between the trade union of prison staff and representatives of the Justiziministeriums no agreement has been reached, the national Bulgarian reason (filtration).
The negotiations last, the president for the realization of punishment measures split up, roses Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest of prison staff is probably supported by members of the trade union Union officials of the Ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian army has abandoned airport of Luhansk
In eastern Ukraine are the pro-Russian fighters further on the rise.
After hard combats at which also Russian tank battalions were supposedly shared the Ukrainian army has today, Monday, given up the airport of the rebel stronghold Luhansk.
The army informed at the same time that in the last 24 hours seven soldiers were killed.
Ukraine "s President Petro Poroshenko had drawn before human consequences from the difficult defeat of his army in the fight against the separatists and changes in the top army leadership without naming details.
Pro-Russian separatists shot down airplane
In the fight against Ukrainian government troops pro-Russian separatists shot after own representation renewed a fighter aircraft and two military helicopters.
Around 100 soldiers are also in combat in the region Donetsk injured or have been killed, shared the insurgents according to Russian agencies on Monday.
Ships of the coastguard scuttled
Moreover, the insurgents claimed, for the first time in the Sea of Azov two boats of the Ukrainian coastguard.
The Ukrainian border protection confirmed that two of its ships had been under attack on Sunday at the port Mariupol.
Seven border guards were violated, said a spokesman for the transmitter 112.ua in Kiev.
Two crew members were considered to be missing.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
Moreover, the separatists reported to have brought several small towns under their control in Donetsk area.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Byelorussian Minsk capital the Ukraine contact group meets today.
Next to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSZE also an envoy of the separatists should participate in that from east Ukraine.
Previously all protagonists used their appearances for the public announcement of their demand.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will break not by the planned deployments in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis their agreement with Russia.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels, NATO to consider the establishment agreement of the NATO-Russia Council of 1997.
However, the NATO boss accused Russia 'a blatant breach "of the agreement.
"We must face today to the reality that Russia 'does not consider" NATO as a partner, Rasmussen.
It follow of documents and statements of Russian side "that they see us as opponents.
Stronger NATO
Rasmussen also announced that he would exacerbate the NATO in Eastern Europe.
A at the NATO Summit in Wales to be 'Readiness Action Plan will ensure that' we will have more visible presence in the East, as long as this is necessary, "said Rasmussen on Monday in Brussels.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new gas talks
Russia and Ukraine have agreed according to official data on new talks to resolve their gas dispute.
The negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, said the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak on Monday.
A decision of the European Union whether she sends also a representative for the conversations is still waited for.
Because of the dispute over the price of gas Ukraine for weeks gets no fuel more from Russia.
Last EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger had mediated between both sides.
Ukraine had warned that Russia could interrupt the gas supplies for Europe.
Europe gets about a third of his natural gas from Russian sources from which a big part flows through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks command: Toll will come "very clearly"
Now the Chancellor is committed it clear once again.
A licence for all complicated details but it is not.
Persistent concerns from the CDU against the car toll have wroth the CSU.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has spoken for continuing opposition from their CDU a definitive conclusion for the introduction of a toll for passenger cars.
"In order to say it very clearly: It stands in the coalition contract, and it will come", said the party leader on Monday after meetings of the CDU top committees in Berlin.
Merkel did not commit himself to a detailed model for the time being, however.
In the are black and red government programme 'certain parameters'.
Alexander about iconic (CSU) have 'made a proposal, and in which we are working now'.
The NRW-CDU insists on their rejection of a toll on all roads.
Merkel also pointed out, Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) return engage constructively in the discussions for a bill.
On the subject, have spoken about it with also on further opportunities to activate more private capital for investment in infrastructure, such as the broadband development.
"Since is nothing special '. Schäuble had on Sunday a Der Spiegel, left report protectorate, his house ZoneAlarm its own approach in order to reward motorway investors with tolls - after the election 2017.
CSU leader thicket Seehofer warned then before developing in the cabinet toll draft against the responsible minister.
CDU-Bundesvize Mr Laschet confirmed its objections.
"The coalition contract never came from that, all circular and federal streets too bemauten", the North Rhine-Westphalian CDU country chairperson said.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer has announced plans to discuss the subject again.
Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate alone amounts to opposition to the plans from the CDU country associations.
Apprehensions are background, that a toll influences the small border traffic to neighboring states.
Seehofer had called for coalition loyalty because of the toll criticism from the ranks of the CDU.
The Left is failed to the plans in view of the dispute in the Union as.
"The fiddling-toll is dead," said leader Bernd Riexinger of "Neuen Osnabrücker newspaper" (Monday).
"The minister fails with the toll". Dobrindt wants to introduce a vignette duty on all German streets which is supposed to start in 2016.
Domestic car owners must not be burdened according to coalition agreement, but in addition.
Therefore they are supposed to receive a full compensation for the toll about the car-tax.
The model must not put foreign drivers at a disadvantage, however, according to EU right because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder often wrongly diagnosed
A British says that it thought as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years that they would die.
I did not know what Karin almost all its youth in the belief that they have to live only a few years after they had been diagnosed with a disease.
She suffered in fact from the Charcot Marie tooth illness (CMT) - a group of inherited troubles that damage the nerves outside of the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK informed that wrong diagnoses are a common problem with people with CMT because so little is known about the disease.
About 23,000 people in Great Britain suffer presumably from CMT which can lead to motor troubles as muscle weakness, an unsure walk and curved toes.
Ills suffer also from deafness feelings or pains. The illness is incurable and increasing, which means that the symptoms with the time become worse.
As I did not know what was 13, they believed, that they participate in Friedreich-Ataxie (IAS) had - a disease with very poor chances of survival.
I did not know what thought it would sit in a wheelchair before they would 18, and die before their 30 birthday.
The mother of two children said that today is 51 years old: "As a child I knew that I could not do the same thing as the others.
I fell constantly there and everything lasted with me longer.
I could never drive roller skate or skateboard with the other children and was often teased in the school because of my kind to go and to walk.
Rodgers said that she saw their sick person acts in the age of 13 years after several operations in defence of their Achilles tendons and lamination of their feet, had left the room as their doctor and read that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty because I had been curious as I did not tell that to anyone, but I went home, looked for the disease in the library and wrote to the CO society 'she said.
When I answer, I was shocked and was terribly in panic.
I thought that I would be in the rotation chair with 18 and would die with 25, and would lose all my abilities slowly between that.
I defined that all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said that when she was 17, they were clear that their skills, had declined not as strong as it had in mind and inquired of their doctor.
He simply got up, and embraced me and said, "my love, I do not believe that you have that otherwise you would be now already in the rotation chair."
I believe that you have something far less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests CMT was found with it.
And when he told me, which was in CMT, I felt, as I would be a winner, 'she said.
Charity CMT UK started a CMT-Awareness-Monat in order to make attentive onto this illness.
Stick, a. D. Berni Diether works as a pyrotechnician since the closure of the former military training.
For almost ten years will be shown on the former troops exercise place as no longer.
Nonetheless, Swabian is still every month of lethal ammunition at the heart of the biosphere area nightmare
The shells are sometimes even so dangerous that they need to be blown up on the ground.
A deafening bang echoes in the explosions on the heart of the biosphere area.
In December 2004 the last sharp shot fell on the military training area Münsingen, the at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military company was closed.
Since this time the 6500 hectares big area is the main item of the biosphere field Swabian nightmare that is opened on 13 shown ways for hikers and cyclists.
Tax burden of businessmen in the area Washington increases with the economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local notices of assessment assessment notices bills demands levies for enterprises in the country went up in the last year easily while the economical recovery was speeding up, such an again published study in the last week, and the companies in the Washington room did not form any exception.
Companies in the area District, Maryland and Virginia paid 27.6 billion to state and local authorities in the financial year 2013, an increase of 3.8% against the revenues of 2012 at the level of 26.6 billion.
The state and local tax burden of companies rose last year by 4.3% to 671 billion, compared to $3.9% in the year before, and it was the third growth year in a row decisions after the several years of decline in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes rose to more than the local taxes, by 4.3%, so the study by the services agency Ernst & Young with the Centre for State taxation, was carried out of a tax policy group.
More than half of the tax revenue of the District, 56%, comes from corporate taxes, while 36% of revenue Mary ends up are coming from companies.
Virginia is the least tax revenue with 28% of companies.
Much of the increase in the tax revenue is justified in a recovery of the GDP of companies, say the researchers, which led to an increase in the real estate taxes by 3.7% in this year after the three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1%.
While a large proportion of these profits was coming from large states such as California, New York and Texas, the course seems to extend to Washington.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia paid more than $10 billion at state and local property taxes in the last year, compared with $9.6 billion 2012 - an increase in a year by 4.2%.
But the apparent recovery with the case of the real property values is not so effective in Maryland during the rise of state and local tax yields since the real property taxes amount to just more than one fifth of the notices of assessment assessment notices bills demands levies of enterprises here.
Companies in Virginia and DC pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of real estate taxes.
"In Maryland following happens: A big part of the real properties, in particular in the tax field around D.C., is either in the possession of the government or of non-profit-organizations that" do not "pay" any real property taxes, said Douglas to Lindholm, manager of the center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely on the income taxes for example much more in order to be able to offer the same services which other states offer.
The recent recovery in the tax revenues by companies alone cannot be attributed to the recovery of the real estate market
Corporate income also seem to recover, such as the data.
Companies in the region reported income taxes in state organizations of 2.3 billion compared to $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest amount of the region.
While the trend is going into the same direction, the local tax burden does not go up for enterprises at all three places evenly
The increase in rate in the District was 4.3% with the national average, while the increase in Maryland was significantly higher, 4.9%.
Only Virginia reported a average tax revenue from 4.1%.
Virginia has by far the least corporate income taxes (in all three there are fixed corporate tax rates) with 6% in all three areas of competence.
The corporate tax rate in Maryland is approaching at 8.25% and the relatively high 9.975%.
A similar study of the US Chamber of Commerce at the beginning of this year has shown that in Virginia smaller state and local corporate taxes are required, and there is a better overall tax climate than in Maryland.
In the study was not investigated the District.
Despite the advantages Virginia is under pressure from its southern neighbors.
North Carolina passed legislation to reduce its corporate tax rates this year of 6.9% to 6%, the same rate as Virginia, and the sentence will fall in the coming year to 5%.
If the government continues to achieve its income targets in the coming year, this law could reduce the corporate income tax rate of the state to 2017 apart from 3%.
In the meantime, it seems as though the small businesses in the room Washington better to leave, and they pay therefore more state and local taxes, such as the recent study.
Corporate taxes that are paid as personal income taxes by small businessmen - a temporary structure that most small businesses are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia rose last year about 20% to 2.4 billion, a clear faster growth rate as corporate taxes as a whole.
The researchers say that the trend and the rise near the enterprise steering wheels as a whole will presumably stop country this year with a rise of the general increase dam tax yields for the state and the local governments about 6.2 percent in the first three quarters 2014 in comparison with the same period of the previous year.
But the Washington area may lag behind if the spending cuts in the federal government for the labour market in the region.
Twin town: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - also in China a popular combination.
German beer in China is an excellent reputation.
Frankfurt twin town in China wants a brewery and now also hopes on a flight directly link between the two cities.
German beer brewed in Frankfurt, Jahren Guangzhou - that is the urgent desire of the officials in China.
"We would be very happy if a German brewery would settle in our city," said the deputy party secretary of the South China Metropole, Li Yiwei, in this week when visiting a SPD-Delegation in his city.
Again and again the official of the ruling Communist party of China in the course of the conversation came back to this request of the twelve-million-metropolis.
Guangzhou that is also mentioned canton in Germany is one of the richest cities of China, Li recruited.
So people would also have the purchasing power, to be able to afford German beer.
The comments of Germany, who led the German politicians delegation, said to the host, he will pays them in Germany for a potential partners for the project.
"For beer does not need it a lot: He matched" good water, grain and high spirits, "during the lunch with the party-upper one in Guangzhou.
Mr Li already radiates this high spirits, it flattered the host.
As a result, to the official from Guangzhou with comments - but with red wine, which has been served to the dinner.
The Chinese brand found goes back to German Erdut.
Tsingtao-beer is brewed according to the German purity requirement.
More commerce
A second request of the Chinese hosts would be a flight directly link between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said Vice party boss Li.
The Lufthansa had offered the flight formerly, but had deleted it in the year 2012 from economical reasons.
"It would be worthwhile again," the local politicians have convinced.
'The commerce between our two cities is becoming on'.
Currently travellers would have to take the detour over Changsha in the province Hunan, Li complained.
The administration of Guangdong Province, whose capital is Guangzhou hopes for air connections.
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, put this request to the fore in his talks with the Social Democrats.
This is a very good idea, "replied comments - the Chinese Vice-Ministers Li Jinjun, has intimate knowledge of Germany, nodded in agreement.
Cherished partnership
The contrasting Vice party head of Guangzhou hopes that he Frankfurt in a partnership meeting next year.
Li Yiwei was already at the Main, but not yet in this work.
It came only this year into the office after his predecessor had been carried from the office because of corruption reproaches.
Also the local party leader Wan Qinglian had to go.
The action against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against the corruption in party and administration, which will be enforced by leader Xi Jinping with severity.
The new leader Li Yiwei had worked before his party career for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Communist Party of China.
Before his assumption of office in Guangzhou, where the VW car builder establishes a big work it was active in Fujian as a top official.
Frankfurt accepted officially more than one dozen of city partnerships.
The link to the 9 000 kilometres remote Guangzhou is one of those who are preserved by both sides, for example, with a school exchanges.
Last year, 25 years of Sino-German link was celebrated.
The South China metropolis on the Guangdong with its economic power is almost as strong as all of Hesse.
In the next year, it wants to achieve a gross domestic product of 250 billion, Li.
Family of Joan Rivers "presses the thumbs"
Joan Rivers is unconscious since their admission into a hospital in New York City three days ago; their daughter showed herself today hopefully that the 81-year old comedienne recovers from their illness, however.
"Thank you for your continuing love and support," said Melissa Rivers today in a communication.
We press all the thumbs.
Your mother was delivered according to sources on Thursday according to an emergency because of cardiac arrest in a clinic at the upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, into the Mount Sinai Krankenhaus.
The doctors hold it on purpose sediert and under exact observation, until they are more satisfied with their state, that furthermore than "seriously" is described.
The reactions came from many pages also in the form of an overwhelming online-support of Donald trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaner and rising wages
In the future, stricter environmental standards apply to cars and vacuum cleaner that come from today in trade.
Similar to refrigerators and washing machines new vacuum cleaners receive from the 1st September a label on which the buyer at a glance can recognize central data as the energy efficiency of the device.
For new cars are valid in the pollutant class "Euro 6" sharper nitrogen oxide values.
In addition there is more money for the scaffold cages: Those ones receive a minimum wage of 10.25 euros in a nationwide way homogeneous.
Amazon buys $1.04 billion for With
Ginebra has just confirmed, had reported what information on Monday morning: The online retailer - and video producer, and a number of other things - is buying the video streaming service after for 1.04 billion ($970 million US $).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because no one had expected a takeover of shrug, but because it was assumed that YouTube would win the company.
Three months ago, it looked as if the sale of With to the video service of Google for a cool billion decided, and the cooperation also appeared of course.
Shrug that only three years ago as Justin.tv was established had started as general Streamingdienst - a living version of YouTube.
Instead of this that it wanted to publish their acts of daring a platform quickly for players in games, a "YouTube for live games", such an insider.
The Twitch-interface.
And '1,081 play', a video genre, in which who preached the (mostly older) give a veneer of secret science theatre, are popular on YouTube already very.
It is now the case that YouTube is often mentioned in order to describe shrug, so it has become the information that YouTube shrug wanted to buy, something boredly, a textbook example of an established engineering company that buys a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube was not achieved, since the company reportedly was prepared to pay as much as Amazon.
All that we know at the moment about that is this statement of Emmet shear, president of Twitch: "We decided for Amazon because they believe in our Community they split up our values and long-term visions and they want to help us with reaching there more quickly."
Another secret is, to be honest, the incredible success of With.
For snobs as me that declare that they do sport more gladly than to watch during that, is to watch it to others during the playing heavily to understand the attraction that comes from that instead of taking even the control console into the hand.
It is a thing to look to a friend at 3 o 'clock in the morning over the shoulder while she is creeping through resident Evil and something very else, to watch to a silkworm moth during how it is fired into the head 20 times after each other in call of Duty.
All these games could now just look at you.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games being ego-games today, so the watch without its own control of the look perspective can be a very good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the rapid flows into which Roger Bannisters of our electronic age complete whole games in record time, entertaining.
But as long as a game or humor virtuoso is not in this case, his Twitch-channel is not presumably so very much interesting.
But what skeptics know as I have?
After is called of 55 million of different visitors per month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic.
And as exactly Amazon wants to make money from that?
It is difficult to imagine that is so after in instant Ginebra, after such as YouTube simply would have been able to swallow.
But after has something that would have every business: Thousands of young men, which are courted as advertisers.
How the chairperson of Twitch, shear, did not say yet Amazon and Twitch "believe both at the future of the gaming", "and the medium does not show any signs of a shrinkage once - swallow - as spectator sport.
On the hopping-castle during the castle garden party some was on Saturday rid.
The concept of the organizers was right.
In spite of the strong downpour at the Saturday evening approximately 1200 music fans came to the Open-Air-celebration in the castle garden.
The admission temporarily had to be stopped.
"That was angry," said Ron SEM, one of the organizers.
Salt whisk l light and fun.
Maxim Sachraj and Ron SEM formed the name Amula from two Spanish words.
Because the Open Air in the Salzwedeler castle garden is supposed to radiate brightness through various shows on day and at the evening.
Na, and the fun comes in any case of alone.
That was proved already on the early Saturday, when the first visitors to the Open Air prepared themselves.
The organizers had promised a party for all generations.
And they succeeded in this.
Around the supply stands at the castle garden meadow Salzwedeler had it, but also guests from their immediate surroundings.
You followed the first live appearances, bobbed with the foot in time, enjoyed cool drinks - shortly: Relaxation pure and was pleasure announced.
And that right through the generations.
While ones were lolling about onto covers on the extra carted white sand at the beach bar, other at a quarter of wine in the Vinothek refreshed, the junior staff raged on the hopping-castle that was a big attraction of attraction for the smaller guests.
But also at the the voluntary helpers had to do all hands to child makeups fully in the truest sense of the word in order to become gentleman to the crush and to conjure imaginative creations into the small faces.
The larger ones used the football player tables or participated in a skateboard-workshop which the Goodfoot-crew adjusted from Salzwedel.
Until the big rain came.
He was shortly before 5.30 p.m. on the visitors, particularly families were looking for the space and dry.
But the attractiveness of this did not diminish.
"More people came than expected," would say Ron SEM, who spoke of a "success on the whole line".
Therefore, nothing is opposed to a repeat of the major party in the coming year.
Although at content and size of the events must be done, SEM made clear in a first balance on Sunday to the people.
He designated as annoyed, that meanwhile the admission had to be stopped.
Obviously, the security company with too little forces have been booked.
The consequence: Some that already had paid did not come anymore to the ground.
The resonance was very good.
In a first cautious estimate the Salzwedeler co-organizer spoke of about 1200 visitors who romped in the castle garden.
There were problems with the case of the audio engineering.
The Salzwedeler vois recordable bloc "broke it from their appearance therefore folksonomies.
The technicians have not been able to create a halfway reasonable.
The planned Shisha-Lounges could not be built up because the tents could not be brought to salt whisk because of a puncture.
'Next year they will be ", but the organisers.
The premiere night of the Amula-Open-Airs was from the numbers of visitors more than succeeded.
And the in bad weather.
However, the organizers committed some errors which are still forgiven with the case of the first time, but were eliminated have had them with the case of the second edition.
In the social network Facebook the organizers must take criticism.
'Sorry, but for twelve euros simply "expected' more 'Melanie Mary is expressed in the event.
"You have unfortunately taken a bit," says Ele Zimmermann at the same place.
Others do not see the initial problems very so narrow.
I think it is very good that not only embraces some stupid, but also really try to put something on its feet.
Guard off "! Stephanie Jenß to the Amula writes.
Now the organizers have a year of time in order to stop these criticism points.
New Radom in Berkum: Awake Bergs landmark is shrinking
It is not as expected.
Rather, maintains the part is prepared to be used in the prominent construction
The action is in the context of a larger measure: Almost 50 years after the establishment of the space observation radar iPods will be the case, the so-called Radom, completely renewed.
The new Radom will with a diameter of 47.5 meters slightly smaller than the old.
The size remains, however, still world record.
The last step towards the completion of the new shell is the caps exchange
The top quarter of the old shell will be cut and with a crane.
After that the last quarter of the new wrapper is put on.
Provided that the weather is involved, the action at the beginning of this week is supposed to go over the stage.
Participants in the Ice-Bucket-Challenge dislocates Kiefer
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain shouted so very much that it hurt the bone structure of their face when their icy-cold water was poured above the head.
This Ice-Bucket-Challenge was painful.
A woman was hospitalized after it had shrieked so much at the Ice-Bucket-Challenge that it dislocated the jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screeched so very much when their icy-cold water was poured above the head that they hurt the their face structure.
"The water was so cold that I shouted and during me that action stayed, my jaw simply stand she said opposite The Mirror.
Ice water is concerned about the 20-year.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but that was not, the top Kiefer was, and then I understood that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister also saw that and did before pools almost into the trousers, but I must in the emergency room.
The 20-year long one from Great Britain was hospitalized in order to make oneself put back the jaw again after the participation in the viral trend on Tuesday.
The clip was linked to an internet sensation and in a thousandfold way on Facebook and Twitter.
Do the castle associations pull soon at a rope again?
Last there was again and again dispute between the two Wolfratshauser castle associations.
Now the boards think about a possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolf Council dentine Burg led the late Richard Dimbath, a former chairman of the Wolf Council dentine Burg friends, to the project in the French and reliable.
A year ago yet no good climate existed between the castle association and the castle friends wolf council beluga.
The seemed very different positions, as with the history of the Wolf Council Hauser Castle and a possible reconstruction should be handled.
Now the two warehouses on each other move too: Conversations are supposed to be led already soon about a common procedure.
The association executive boards confirm to Torsten Sjöberg (Castle association) and to Herbert Piffl (Castle friends) on demand of our newspaper that.
"I called Mr Piffl and suggested that we could get together once", tells Sjöberg.
According to his opinion all members of both associations could pull in the future again at a rope.
So more quickly visible successes are to be made.
While the castle friends were having a reconstruction of the castle around the suddenly late Richard Dimbath till the end at the mountain wood in mind, stands for the castle association around Sjöberg the "development and Erlebbarmachung" of the ground at most front place.
Herbert Piffl, Second chairman of the castle friends, was very pleased with the call.
Since Dimbaths death he heads the castle friends.
A new chairperson is supposed to be found in the middle of September in a general meeting.
At present, the association matters according to the 74-year long about 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath we made the association activities out of respect rest first of all". This "thinking-phase" was necessary in order to "consider how it could go on".
According to Piffl the new chairperson is supposed to go then into the conversation with the castle association.
Until then the castle friends could make themselves also a current atmosphere picture within their grouping.
There is currently yet not a candidate for the chairmanship, says Piffl.
"But I am confident that someone will find himself He does not want to present himself because he is domiciled in bad Tölz.
The new chairman of should be a Wolf Council.
The year wants to participate in the project 'but very much like on'.
The different points of view on reconstruction will probably be in the eyes Piffls next time.
He recognizes Dimbath as a "missionary" who have always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
By a high level of participation of the population, as well as by voluntary workers from around the world, it is a tourism hot spot.
Piffl: "I was sceptical at the beginning.
But, over time, I was convinced more and more that it is reasonable to advance the project '. An "alone position feature" can be created for the raft man city.
Here, there is nothing else.
Moreover, the project would be funded by EU subsidies, public tickets and potential sponsors, Piffl believes.
"I personally do not want to fling the idea of the reconstruction simply overboard therefore". He hopes for the castle association moving in this point maybe a little.
Their aim to document the history, first of all, 'is important and well ".
After that, we could see.
Clever ways to save in university teaching books
As the cost of university teaching books for many students more than 1,000 $per year, considered the Fast-Zweitsemesterstudent Matt Schroeder a clever Spar idea.
He invented a temporary system for books of students higher Semester and offered a nominal compensation in order to delay the sale.
'My mathematics book usually costs 180 $, but I got it for 10 $for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-cookie, "said Schroeder, 19, who goes to the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester would have cost it 430 $, he said.
He gave from $120.
The College leadership told, spend the students on average more than 1 200 $per year for textbooks and studies material that there would be for the students, however, various cost-containment options.
Online shops and creative approaches such as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution to the choice for the students.
The renting of textbooks is liked, and so students can use a book for a semester, frequently too a clearly more favorable price than during the purchase.
Neebo Inc, who practices more than 250 university bookstores, stated that the renting of librettos has doubled since 2011.
Vice-president Tevor Meyer said to Neebos to show inquiries in the branch that about instance a quarter of the books was rented in the college book stores in the last spring semester.
Less than half of all textbooks stores curtains are bought according to statement for the National Association of College commercial union in campus book stores.
Here is the multiplication table for the best deals.
Buy Online
Some new books cost in an online way only a third of the price, for which to have it in the campus book store are.
The ninth issuance of "calculus" VNO Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler cost almost 290 $, can be taken, however, with the specialized textbook retailer Chegg.com for 239.99 $.
Needed buy
When one the memos of others or normal use tracks nothing form, needed books are a good option.
"Calculus" is needed on Chegg.com for 93.49 $.
Matt Casaday, 25, end student at the Brigham Young University, it says that he spent 42 cents on Amazon.com for a needed edition of "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was sold again for 48 $.
Academic as Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at the Amherst College Without Walls recommended students to ask their professors whether former editions are permissible.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the seminar papers.
In such cases, older spending can be acquired often for a fraction of the cost of the latest edition
Except Chegg and Amazon also Half.com of eBay Inc is a popular alternative for needed books.
Rent
The renting of textbooks is a consideration worth, if you handle it quite well, think of that, to return it and not kept you the books on completion of the course would like.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of one bought.
A student could, for example, "calculus' for the duration of a semester for about $20.
You tell themselves of the provisions of the business at that you rent, including on the criminal charges that accumulate if necessary in writing notes, underlinings or use.
Tenant looked out: If you do not return the book, the punishment fees can even exceed the price of a new book.
E-books
Also e-books instead of traditional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes these books de facto are hired by an electronic licence for a certain period of industry as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc. is provided.
At Chegg one can rent "calculus" for 6 months for about 61 $.
Bracey says that students find the best offers frequently in literature courses since many classics can be downloaded nowadays freely while scientific and engineer-scientific textbooks are can be very expensive.
Look around is in any case.
The ISBN-number recommends for the pricing at books Joe Gault, 29, who soon will go to the Pepperdine Law School, since one can be so secure to find the correct textbook.
And before an online-order one should check, according to Gault, whether in fact the book is in stock.
This lesson he learned the hard way.
He bought a book that delivery time had and paid four weeks after all, the full price in the College book store.
Why "authorities of the Galaxy" did not become a cash box hit
"The Expendables 3" of New Year "s Eve Stallone played less than 30 million dollars of its 90 million dollars of households in the US, whereas' sin City: A lady to kill For" only 12 million dollars of its budget of $70 million played.
The film 'sex tape "tailored to Cameron Diaz tabled at the opening weekend only 14.6 million dollars, while child films like" Dragon-curbing easily communication 2 with the revenue disappoint.
An article of the telegraph film critic Robbie Collin points out that at the child films the lack could be the reason at quality at the films themselves.
Colin designated in 2014 as "the worst year" so far for child films and described "2 'Dragon-curbing easily seem designed as a Fantasy continuation' operational".
In films for a slightly older target group, it seems as if the quality of the films were not necessarily the problem.
In July entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore- and Metacritic evaluation for every summer film start, that between the American Memorial Day and the 20th July 2013 and in the current year on at least 2000 canvases was shown.
The results are based on the opinion of moviegoers and film critics and suggest that this year "s film hits are equivalent to those of the last year.
Some commentators believe that the development of changing habits and the growing popularity of web streaming services as Netflix is due.
Director Jon Favreau who currently works onto jungle book film soon appearing to Disneys said reporters opposite the web page Hollywood: "I believe, the times are changed."
We need to accept that and not try to run after the past.
Unlike the currently weak cash box results of the Hollywood productions Netflix achieved recently sales with the streaming content of $1.2 billion, almost twice in the last year in which the turnover was 837 million dollars.
Last summer, the director Steven game mountain criticized the movie studios, that they focused too much on shots adjustments of cartoons and a "nuclear fusion" of Hollywood predicted.
In the light of the current downturn some commentators argue that its grim prophecy may contain a real core.
Because of the potential best-selling products to be expected in the summer of 2015, including Avengers: Other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic to Age of Ultron, minions and a World:
The producer of novel, Simon Kinberg, described the decline in the coffers recently results than simply 'cyclical' and to Hollywood reporters said: 'The next summer will be the largest in the summer enjoy at all, and no one will be more about the business concerned'.
When some years ago the 2nd table tennis district class was deleted for the purpose of tensioning of the league-division, that was a step into the correct direction.
Now, the German table tennis federal government took an additional 3 Federal League into the programme.
The consequence: Who did not climb up descended.
So Göttingens class-highest team sink avoided the decline in the Second League reference, plays in the next season, but only a fifth class.
Fourth-Class ladies have torpedoes, in spite of their overwhelming passage into the regional league.
The boys and girls of sink start in the lower Saxony League, as well as the young of SC Weende.
Upon the SG Lenglern and the torpedo reserve enter in the new association league, in the country league no Göttinger clubs are more represented.
With the Members the TTV Geismar in the association League, the torpedo-second league, plays in the country.
What of the composition looks like a better district class is now the new district Second League south.
Here are TSV seul, VfB Lödingsen, torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bove Skandinavia Langenholtensen of, the FC Weser and the TTC.
In the district League Dransfeld and SC Weende allude as regional representatives, in which local class of TTC II, red White, Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III. The district Second League of the Members begins at least in establishment.
Güntersen, TTC and TTV Geismar II are here to.
In the district league start torpedo III and Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen run.
With each nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girls to the small district league.
Also the district league relay of the SCW-boys - there torpedo II still sets off - is not complete.
In a district class Geismar, Tuspo Weende and the Bovender SV go into the season.
In the first region Association collapse of the two 1444 circle leagues with nine teams.
In the West will have the Rot-Weiß II, Bove of SV III, Laubach II, torpedo IV and V, MTV south-east, off fields SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Leng learning II.
In the east-relay Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen, Santa Claus mountain and Landolfshausen play among other things.
The lady circular league consists of Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and the SG Rhume.
That is still better than in the old circle, where there is on circle level no ladies not-European more.
Conspicuous that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen reaches establishment, the innovative and driven man circular Board will have to be concerned.
NATO first protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend, there were protests of opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday hundreds met in the center of Newport for an anti-Nato-march
On Sunday came together around 150 people in Cardiff before the local Stadthalle to prevent a so-called hypothesis.
Stephen ILAB-LILA dealer has followed for us the developments at the weekend and spoken with demonstrators who have travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenager flown out of the Blue mountains
Two youthful bush hikers were saved with cable winch, having been caught the night in the Blue mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man opened shortly after Sunday afternoon in black he for their way in Govetts catch.
Concerned relatives called at around 20 p.m. police when the two of them had not returned home.
They shouted down from a local police and emergency services in and the couple around 23 has been found in the Veil bridal.
The girl had hurt herself at the knee and the man had fallen and he had hit his head.
Rescue teams stayed overnight at the couple, and they have become tomorrow flown on Monday.
You were taken to the Blue Mountains hospital in stable state with an ambulance.
Dissident protests in Pakistan escalate
The about 1000 demonstrators were pushed from the PTV-building by soldiers, said information minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The station resumed the emission after well half an hour.
PTV-director Athar Farooq said the demonstrators equipped with sticks would have damaged devices in the editorial staff.
People have been killed or injured were not reported.
The demonstrators are calling for the resignation of the Government, which they accuse electoral fraud.
The police informed, removed from the residence of the prime minister Nawaz Sharif about a kilometer it resulted on Monday in collisions of about 3000 demonstrators with security forces again.
According to hospital information a policeman was hurt.
At the weekend at least three people had been killed and hurt in more than 500, than demonstrators attempted to reach Sharifs residence.
They are calling for the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called for a political solution to the conflict in the Sunday evening after a meeting in the army-headquarters "without wasting time and without using violence.
Further, it was said in the communication: 'The army remains committed to its role to ensure the security of the State'.
The escalating violence has fueled concern a intervention by the military, which has taken in the past.
The protests mentioned by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri last since the independence day on 14th August.
Sharif rejected a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had appealed to their supporters on Sunday for waiting.
"We will not go back Sharif without being forced to resign said Khan.
Qadri was expressed similarly.
Khan charges Sharif to have won the parliamentary election in May last year by fraud.
Qadri calls for the resignation of the central and provincial governments.
A transitional government is to reform the electoral system and new elections.
More than 40 000 security forces are in place to protect the government.
The demonstrators was waiting at first peacefully before Parliament until Khan and Qadri called at the weekend to them to achieve Sharif residence.
Hütteldorfer according to second season victory on all three of the table.
With the Goal.com we has taken on in a bitter week on Sunday a hoping.
'The victory is very liberating, "said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had reached with the end in the Europe League on Thursday a between deep.
"The achievement was incredibly important", confirmed captain and goal scorer Steffen Hofmann who pushed forward to place three with green-white.
Schrammel dream gate brings Rapid on winner street Rapid showed the correct reaction with the second season victory onto the disappointment against Helsinki and goes with a success experience into the international match pause
"We wanted to show a positive reaction", said outside defender Thomas Schrammel who put the flanks from the Sechzehnereck with his marvellous leadership in the 14th minute on victory.
"I thought, I Hau the whole frustration of the Thursday in that and cracked it under the slat the 26-year long one meant smilingly.
When Schrammel had hit at the 13th Novmember 2010 for the up to now last time in a Federal League lot, that was still for Ried.
He will have the first Cup in rapid-dress in particular.
"For me that is something very special, I am from the rapid junior staff", Schrammel said.
Due to the short-term basin of Mario Pavelic Schrammel moved from the left one onto the right defensive page and his thing made up also there very much.
He mirror-turned enough experience, that it can carry out this position.
The door has it deserves, he has done this year, some t Barisic praised.
Team shows character Schrammel also the flank delivered to the 2: 0 through court man after well an hour, that brought finally the decision.
Because before that also the guests could absolutely have chalked up.
'Thank God we have had something today, "said, so that the Schrammel has alluded to the duplicity of performance and result in the last few weeks:' The results have not voted in favour, but the was always good in comparison with the last year '.
Barisic even found that one was "before better in many games than today" - against "the strongest team to play in this season in this stadium".
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July have therefore shown that the team fabric despite the setbacks is intact: "Today my team has shown that it has" character.
For him no less gratifying: 'That we finally have played back to zero.
A lot of work while Länderspielpause Even the fact that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni year and Michael Schimpelsberger several failures to have been killed, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp their Startelfdebüts be pushed citizens, make the victory even more valuable.
"One must not forget that", Barisic admonished that lost in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic Spieler "that were very stable in last time".
The international match pause must be used therefore, around "wounds to leak and to hot up the pace a little in the physical field declared Barisic that has five U21 selection protagonists in his rows
One who break it is particularly good is captain Hofmann.
It tears itself for the team, is passing on pain.
Just in this difficult phase it showed that he is a very important player for us ", stated Barisic.
Hofmann have not only the structure of the game of secured before its exchange in the "minute, but it has also reached the second goal.
For the 33-year long one that completed his 350th Federal League game it was the first hit out of the game since 2nd November 2013 (4: 2 over the Admira).
Urbino: 'Must not believe that now is all well' We have certainly had a little bit of luck, but at some point the good fortune also must come back to us.
Now it was high time, "said.
It was certainly too concentrated operations: "We must not see that always black and white.
We did not play in recent weeks as bad as it was represented.
But we must also do not believe that now all is well.
He could not deny the importance of his role for the team.
But it is a very young team which I can help at the moment.
Nevertheless those ones stop themselves in certain phases at me "Hofmann said.
Grödig-coach Michael Baur had to charge himself and his team for less.
He took the rapid Gegentreffer "from category charm door", as well as the regular goal of users in the 40th minute that had been taken by referee Kollegger wrongly.
The only criticism that I have been able to do the team that we were direction goal in some stages not specific enough.
Because we have had too little qualifications.
It resembled inside defender Maximilian Karner: "It began now badly, then we found, however, in that and made even a gate.
By and large, would be more have been included.
There is silence under this treetop
We showed a powerful tribe during our puzzle task of the summer series "My piece of the Rhöner Glück" on the last Friday.
There are still several of these giant trees in the rural district, the shown copy is the "nanny-goat silence oak" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A bumpy footpath leads up to the about 600 years old oak.
It is past fields, basalt stone clusters and basalt stone seas.
A small piece below the kind of bottomless pit of the farmer mountain, a kilometre north of the road to it is wise.
The natural monument looks energetic, it projects over the other trees of the surroundings and it reminds of an American mammoth tree with an extent of more than eight meters.
A small Buddha on a tree Stumpf suggests that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
But despite intensive research, there were only references to the names of origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider consulted the Bischofsheimer archive extra and consulted older people from Unterweißenbrunn in order to find out which circumstance has it with the nanny-goat silence oak.
The result of his inquiries remained the very sober explanation for the name.
Accordingly the goat herdsmen are supposed to have driven their animals until about 80 years ago onto the meadows arduously cleared and released from stones from Unterweißenbrunn.
At the foot of the tree the animal guardians exhausted from the rise are supposed to have taken a rest.
Meanwhile the field gained his importance back, because on the meadows goat herds graze in fact again.
The field was in addition declared as the nuclear zone of the biosphere reservation, if Schneider kept on finding the way out.
During the entry of the crowds one should make but caution, because the basalt warmed up by the sun is a popular whereabouts for common vipers.
A path leads from under white Brunn to the tree, but something is hidden.
Other ways are indicated, the direction high Rhön reach and an extended hike.
Where does the water castle stand
A water, which will be sought in our next task, however, is to be found in the level.
The reflection in the gap is already a good impression of the building but we have some historical structures in rural district, to which the building portrait could fit.
Where is our "piece of the Rhöner Glück"?
My piece of Rhöner luck
As in previous series of the main post office in recent years, there is also this year to win prices if they have the right solution.
Who photographs even gladly can also join in.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt @ mainpost.de you can send us the solution and your very personal "piece of the Rhöner good luck 'under the slogan
The most beautiful photos are published.
After tug-of-war lasting for weeks the nomination of his exterior minister Federica Mogherini put through week Italy 's prime minister and current EU chairperson, Matteo Renzi, last against strong conservative resistances on the EU special peak as a head of the EU foreign policy, she becomes successor of the Briton Catherine Ashton.
Renzi considers as a strengthening of the position of the social democrats and his own ones in the EU the appointment of his Mogherini being regarded as a favorite also in the government team as the government-near daily paper displays La Repubblica.
He expects a boost for his "reform package in Italy.
Last but not least, Renzi hopes to set the left-wing party basis rebel against it again and again in this way quietly, because she is the - albeit more moderate way.
Opposite the conservative representatives with commission president Jean-Claude Juncker and the Pole Donald Tusk nominated as council presidents, so the predominating opinion in Rome is made in this way a political compensation
Because the head diplomat at the same time, the EU will deputy of the Commission President Juncker.
The pending approval of the European Parliament is as safe.
Otherwise, President Giorgio Napolitano would not have mentioned hardly an "important recognition of the role of Italy in the EU, the nomination of the 41 year old leader of the ruling Democratic Party.
La Repubblica spreads optimism, that the Mogherini proven for almost two decades in leading party offices and known to their ambition will show herself increased to the "enormous challenges".
The native Roman is married and has two daughters.
The graduated, political scientist began your party career in 1996 in youth organization of the former Democratici di Sinistra (too Democrats) who joined itself with the Margherita party to today "s Social Democratic PD in 2008.
In 1999, Mogherini became Vice-President of the European Community, has of Socialist Youth (European young Socialists) for three years.
With the choice 2001 into the party council of the link democrats she got into the high party politics, foreign policy whose head she soon became worked in the department.
You Occupied traditional priorities Italian foreign policy, such as the Middle East, was by studies of the NATO forces in Afghanistan, is involved in Italy with a contingent of troops, known, used the contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe and to the Democrats in the US.
Since 2008 she is a member of the chamber of deputies in which she is an expert for defense and European and international matters.
As Renzi in February 2014 became Prime Minister, he was Mogherini on his Secretary of State.
If the PD has today again a better relation to the strong peace movement in the country that contributed to the more than 40 percent of voices of the party at the EU choices in May, Federica Mogherini has a part of that then how in PD-circles is noted down.
The reproaches in Brussels, the new High Representative have too little diplomatic experience, so is it lacks substance, will be dismissed in the PD.
In Brussels, especially from Poland and the Baltic members suspicious realistic emphases of her for the crisis are pursued in Ukraine and framed as a "pro-Russian course."
She approves the pipeline South Stream practiced by the Russian Gasprom company above which Russian natural gas is supposed to be transported under avoidance of Ukraine directly according to Southern Europe, which is used also for the energy protection of Italy.
After Renzi had entered upon his term of office in July as a EU chairperson, Mogherini for their first state visit traveled to Moscow.
Photos that showed it with Putin at the Shake-hands were received in Brussels with indignation, in the same way, that they invited the Kremlin leader for October to one May countries economic peaks
A total of nine young people began on Monday their education at emz-Hanauer in Nabburg.
Including is a Ringstraße, which has already been completed before a different training in the company.
In four training professions the new employees are in the future active: Electronic technicians (three trainees), Mechatroniker (two), tool mechanics (two) and procedure mechanics (two).
All Azubis come from the rural district swan village: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from nine castle in front of the forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd as well as Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees went before to main and / or central schools and secondary schools.
Of Wednesday until Friday the trainees of all age-groups go as well as the instructor for a team education event to upper bunting district, where a full-time excursion and rafting are among other things on the Inn on the program.
The company counts Germany-wide 435 and global 950 workers.
The number of trainees on all vintages is 27 distributed.
The Socialists in France should "shut up and put France ', the most important ally of Francois Hollande said.
The deeply divided left has called on Mr Valls to show "their love for the controversial Socialist president whose cabinet reshuffle were disapproval with the vast majority of the French.
The President deserves everyone 's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to stay at his page he said in the case of great applause.
As an appeasing gesture the prime minister insisted, that his government the controversial 35-hour week in France in spite of vehement demands for a loosening of the regulation on the part of Emmanuel Macrons, that new minister 's of Economy, not into consideration will put.
On Saturday had called on Mr Hollande its Mitsozialisten urgently, 'united' to show with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, the justice minister, scattered sand into the gear in which it occurred at a meeting of disloyal socialist representatives and criticized the Socialist party for that that it takes the French "the belief in their future".
Marine Le Pen, the on the far right leader of the National Front, derided the permanent infighting of Socialists and said that they could not imagine that the new Valls government for more than a few months will stick to.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without dresses, but prince Manuel Valls does not have also any, they are forced to form a new government if the old one has not survived a summer once.
"And the new one will not" survive "also the fall or winter, said Ms Le Pen opposite supporters.
She repeated the call to a solution of the parliament according to their party and said it is confident in the case of preferred choices than to emerge winner and be ready for the government.
The ruling party of France suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front was the EU elections in May.
A survey in the Sunday newspaper this fabricated Journal showed that 76% of French people believe that the Socialist Party is exposed to the risk to crumble before the end of the term of office of Hollande "s 2017 in several rival groups.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at the Sciences Po University, warned that the French quickly would lose patience, if the new Socialist government no improvement in the economy and the record unemployment are charged receive.
"There is a small window for possibilities, but the public opinion must feel quickly that the things are changed", it warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian cruise shortly before we deal with prestige of cruises of $3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest Kreuz driving provider of the world according to experts, the industry advanced negotiations on the acquisition of the competitors Prestige cruises International Inc for about $3 billion.
A deal would give Norwegian cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, access to the luxurious cruise ships of prestige cruises as well as its wealthy custom, while it is with larger rivals as Royal Caribbean cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and carnival Corp (CCL.N) in the competition.
An agreement could be announced already in this week, the sources said on Sunday and warned against the conversations, however, being able to end also without any result result.
The owner of prestige cruises, the private equity Society Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also has a share of 20% of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to be able to remain anonymous, since the negotiations are not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and prestige cruises did not answer requests around comments while a speaker was refusing a comment for Apollo.
The company Norwegian cruise based in Miami practices 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenues were in 2013 at 2.57 billion, an increase of 13% compared to 2012.
Oceania and sovereign acts prestige of cruises, settled also in Miami, under the brand names, the together eight cross going-ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean Sea, North America, Asia, Africa and South America practice.
It reported income for 2013 of $1.2 billion, an increase of 6% compared to the previous year.
The cruise industry is a total of around 29 billion and in the next few years is expected them because of the strengthening of the middle class in emerging countries such as China and India.
The companies try for these new customers as the best choice in the cruise operators.
Prestige cruises applied for the initial public offering near the US regulators in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company for a $850 million deal 2007.
Norwegian Cruise arose through a fusion with a cruise provider in his present form in the year 2000 in the possession of Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure time and casino conglomerate under the control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in 2008 Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went in January 2013 onto the stock exchange.
According to licensing authorities Genting held at the end of June 28% of the shares, Apollo 20% of the shares and the private equity Society TPG Capital LP a share of 8% of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean cruises and Norwegian Cruise have together according to the original request documents for the IPO of prestige cruises on 82% of the passenger capacity in American cruise ships.
Pros-Hong Kong activists condemn China on the day according to the choice decision.
A Beijing loyalty group waving near the Chinese flag.
The constant committee of the National Nation Congress adopted on Sunday a skeleton law which admits only two or three candidates for the leadership choice in Hong Kong in the year 2017.
All the candidates must first make the majority support of a nomination committee, which is expected to occupied with Beijing loyal members.
By this decision, it is almost impossible for opposition Democrats for the election, and led pro-democracy activists to carry out its threat and "occupy Central 'protests Hong Kong financial center shut down.
Political reforms are has long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; feared and the Party leadership China "s that extend the calls for democracy to other cities.
Following the publication of a Beijing White Paper, in which it was set out in June the dominance of China on Hong Kong, held democracy activists an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, in which hundreds of thousands marched in the commercial district of the city and organised a solidarity.
Lis consultation will be organised by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The Deputy Chairman of the right Commission of the permanent Committee, Zhang as Rong Hun, as well as the Deputy Director of the Office for matters of Hong Kong and Macao of the Council of State, feng Wei, should be consulted in the course of the day.
Student activists announced to meet in the afternoon before the office of the top leadership in Hong Kong.
Great Britain did not plan any democratic elements up to the final phase of the 150-year long colonial government in Hong Kong.
Putin demanded of Kiev the inclusion of 'national' talks with the eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin required under Russian media reports on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stop the fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and take them immediately with negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His speaker Dimitri Peskow explained later that Putin did not think in this way that the field of east Ukraine standing under the control of the separatists becomes a part of Russia, but that his status must be defined opposite Ukraine again in order to give the power to the representation of his rights and interests to the Russian-speaking region
Putin "s appeal to the government to negotiations on an equal footing with the Russian insurgents, however, is on the since the beginning of the riots five months ago seems to be persecuted strategy: Assistance for the separatists in the adoption of territories and pressure on the Ukrainian Government to allow place the newly proclaimed region Novo expo-centre de facto independence for an alliance with Russia with the West.
In an interview with the state television channel: Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture the areas held by separatists in the eastern regions Donetsk and Luhansk that were adopted in March and April, Moscow was annexed the Ukrainian peninsula Crimea on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently held the area as' Novo expo-centre 'or' New Russia ', a term that recalls the vorrevolutionäre center of the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all those who, in the wake of the campaigns Ukrainian politicians for the elections on 26 images and during government groups civilian communities in the areas of separatists squeaker attack hope for early peace talks' trapped in their illusions', this.
"We must begin immediately detailed discussions, not only to technical issues, but also to the political organisation of society and the State of status of the South-East Ukraine, in order to protect the interests of the people who live there, 'he said.
Peskow said that had to be seen Putin "s reference to the statehood in the context of the greater autonomy, which will be discussed for months ago by the leadership in order to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas that threatened their cultural and linguistic rights.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern fields, said Peskow.
We are not talking about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, Peskow said, 'because it is not about a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine'.
The clarification of the Kremlin speaker to correct the "misinterpretation" of Putin "s remarks underscored the leadership of Russia in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the East, unlike the direct Annektion of Crimea, on which the majority of the 2 million people are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have annexed far greater difficulties the regions Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine there most of the 6.5 million people no Russians and turned out from the time before the conflict a broad majority to remain in Ukraine.
The autonomy which was spoken to by Russian diplomats on international forums would give the regional governments in Ukraine proxy to discuss own commercial agreements and exterior relationships, and give so the Kremlin de facto the control of a field which combines the Russian state field with the Crimea.
The home port for the majority of the Russian navy as well as an important commercial port and historical coast region is the five months ago annexed peninsula in the Black Sea.
The regions between the biggest area in Russia and the Crimea is, moreover, rich in mines, factories and foundry that produce important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko suggested during his speech for the inauguration on 7th June that the Ukrainian legislation is supposed to consider - after new choices - additions to the constitution with which a greater control is empowered to the respective fields about their finances and the status of the languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems in sharp contrast with those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, has been accused of their arming and incitement Moscow.
Putin "s last request to Kiev to negotiate with the separatists leaders on an equal footing, followed an further encroachment of the rebels in the past week after that Russian troops and tanks on the previously peaceful region along the Sea of Azov in the eastern Ukraine.
The separatists supported by Russia took control in the surprise attack which according to apprehensions of Ukrainian security guards the first step of a campaign for the takeover is to the strategic coast region up to the Crimea from Nowoasowsk.
For this reason, massive civilian and military preparations began to Mariupol, to strengthen a steel industry port with 500,000 people that lies between Nowoasowsk and close access to the Crimea.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday at a meeting of the EU leadership in Brussels and asked urgently a former Soviet republic which is independent for 23 years for actions in order to prevent a further Russian aggression against Ukraine.
'We are on the eve of the point of no return,' warned Poroshenko.
There are thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU peak did not conclude any concrete actions, the leadership demanded the draft of further sanctions against Russia which are supposed to come into force with the case of an unspecified escalation of the Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk after two Russian tanks pillars and 1,000 troops entered the Donetsk region last week in order to support the besieged separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, Speaker of the Ukrainian of National Security and Defence Council reports on Saturday in Kiev.
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers who have been included by the Russian incursion into Ilowajsk, have been exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers that had been taken prisoner a week ago on Ukrainian territory told Lysenko on Sunday.
Naked reception scandal and Australian celebrity Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten did not do any secret around his trouble at hacker, who presumably stole naked pictures of his Gabi Grecko Become engaged and a Who is Who of the A-Promis from Hollywood.
A modern is in excitement, after a series of clear photos a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a hacking scandal celebrities have appeared on the Internet.
The hacker, responsible for that, has presumably 60 naked photos from Lawrence, star from "the tolls of Panem" and of superstars, under that the models cottage Upton and CARA Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Leas of Michelle as well as the actress Kirsten Dunst.
Of the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, also private photos supposedly became public to Emily browning, to Yvonne Strahovski, and to Grecko from Melbourne due to an iCloud gap.
On the list 101 celebrities.
Confidential said most noble to have become engaged to Grecko last month opposite: "It is repulsive."
All private letters and images should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, to the time in New York, said reports according to an information web page, that the hack is "shameful" and that the concerned persons felt "itself hurts".
The hacker has presumably 30 pictures of Palmer with their ex-friend Scott Speedman, under that two photos in which it is topless in a pool.
Among the film works Palmers "love is invincible 'with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-star Strahovski and the actress browning from Sucker Punch were not available yesterday for comments on the chopped pictures.
A representative Lawrence 'to TMZ said:' It is a horrendous violation of privacy. '
Actor Seth Rogen condemned the hacker in his tweet: "To post" chopped pictures from a mobile is not anything different than the sale of receiver of stolen goods product. "
In that legally, the spread of stolen images should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and hikers were there yesterday during the 8th cycling onto the Big Field Mountain and supported in this way the association "Help for cancer-sick children".
The tour which was a torture for ones represented a slight training for the others.
In one they all agreed agreed to themselves, however: It did fun.
Thomas Studanski is likely to have been well last night.
Because for the first time in his life the head of the Oberurseler brewery went onto the field mountain yesterday with the wheel.
For the good purpose.
He can shrug off the small muscle ache there, particularly the participation in the 8 cycling to the Big area mountain for the benefit of the association "aid for cancer children" (Frankfurt) also personally a valuable lesson.
A fabulous thing.
'I now knows that I can this - fine!'
Small quick break in the applause curve?
I once nah if our gîtes: Stopped, would have been...
As Thomas Studanski, who is in the Oberurseler city parliament for the CDU, many of the 718 participants tormented themselves yesterday to shale in the morning dew and arrived the exhaustion near, but happily on the plateau.
It was easier to others the eleven kilometers long race between high Mark and Feldberg to overcome.
Norman Dießner for example.
The very in emerging Green politicians from the local authority - red sat, red bike - at the start something on understatement (any amount of professionals, because the objective is issue! '), but then turned out to be the but as professional and went to 45 minutes without breathlessness.
Also it drove the stretch in a slide, as also Nina Kuhn, press spokeswoman of the city of Oberursel that had made itself together with Frank Grüneisen onto the way.
For the two tri-athletes the "field mountain cycling" was absolutely not a sporting challenge: "Here it is a question of Charity, there we are gladly with in this case - we" would have "done" an exit "today anyhow", according to Kuhn.
On the way they had Paul Wenzel from upper Todero.
The boy (12) had gone down at the morning according to Oberursel in order to thrash about onto the height now on that again.
The people of Frankfurt Florian Zierz had vaulted in charge on the morning at 9 p.m. at home, two times has the field mountain to roll home with fun.
Also "Fritten-Toni" had fun.
For the head of the Oberurseler cult kiosk bicycle tours simply belong over the field mountain for this purpose.
It had headed with his 6.5-kilo racing cycle for 40 minutes.
A crazy event.
For this purpose - there I am gladly in this case, Andreas Balzke meant ".
The trained inhabitant of Mainz it says from themselves that he is an "ambitious running-cyclist".
It must be that also, because it was with the "Fixie wheel" on the way, those ones are indeed also racing cycles, however without switching
Not only the 20 hikers who climbed about the White Wall and the fox dance to the peak but also a jogger who dragged along a car tire with weights at a cord behind himself proved that it went loosely also without wheel up.
Mountain guard doctor professor Volker Lischke said that guaranteed for security with his team, equipped with space wheel bully and Quad: "The kenn" I from Frankfurt, that trains for a specific Schlittentrail only that he simply pulls the sledge himself ". The man is therefore in a way his own sledge dog.
The 718 participants - and so that as many as never - were in the morning in groups on the route has been sent.
The hikers first at 9.30 a.m.
It was followed by the first cyclists and at 10 a.m.
Five minutes later jovenes laid the first.
Bent Hansen, Chairman of the association "be cycling into the Great Field Mountain ', the starting orders and wanted the participants a beautiful migration.
For next year he hope that it will be possible to close the Davos route to the security of the participants.
