The Prime Minister of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India " s new prime minister, Narendra Modi, has met his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, to discuss economic and security relations with his first major his since his electoral victory in May.
Mr Modi is on a five-day trip to Japan to consolidate economic relations with the world " s third-largest economy.
Plans for greater nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda.
According to reports, India is also hoping for a treaty on defense cooperation between the two nations.
Police of Karratha arrested 15-20 after faster
A motorcycle was impounded after the driver drove it with 125 km / h in a 70 km / zone and through bushland to escape the police in Bilbara.
valid in Karratha tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after they had observed it, as it did with 125 km / h a gas station on the Road.
The police reported that the driver then ignored the Haltesignale and continued on the Burgess Road before he died in the bushland, where officials lost it.
The motorcycle as well as a person who corresponded to the driver's description was later seen at a house in the Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
The police of Karratha accused a 20-year-old man of neglect of a Haltesignals as well as reckless driving.
He is scheduled to appear on 23 September in front of the District Court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was secured and impounded for three months.
George Webster for Hotelvergewaltigungen in Naim and Pitlochry
A man stands for the rape of women in two hotels in court.
George Webster, 28, received the indictment at a hearing from the Supreme Court in Glasgow.
He is accused of having raped a woman in the Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry on 7 June 2013.
The charge is that Webster attacked them while they were "unconscious, sleeping, and no consent could signal."
Webster is also accused of having a second wife in the Golf Hotel in Naim in the Highlands of Scotland on 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set the hearing for 17 November at the Supreme Court in Edinburgh.
Returning to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have introduced a legislative proposal to establish the organization of trade unions as a civil right.
"As trade unions die, the Mittelklassejobs," said Ellison, a democrat from Minnesota and vice president of the Progressive Caucus Congress in Congress.
That is why I proudly present the Mitarbeiterermächtigungsgesetz with the Bürgerrechtsikone John Lewis.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal possibilities of discrimination because of the organisation of trade unions, as in other forms of discrimination - and stops so antigewerkschaftlich.
The addition of the national anti-discrimination law, in order to create an opportunity for discrimination against vulnerable workers, in order to sue a civil court in order to sue justice - and to obtain compensation or compensation - is a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not according to American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of their legislative proposal suggests is the connection back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks that trade unions have been exposed in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan, and other countries throughout the country - Americans have once again encouraged countries all over the world to recognise, extend and respect labour rights.
There was a time when millions of Americans still remember this country, democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the freedom of association in one breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a constitution that would ensure that the militarized autocracy would be replaced by democracy.
In full awareness of the fact that workers and their unions took a role in creating a new Japan, they used a language that explicitly recognised that 'the rights of workers in association and common negotiation and action are guaranteed.'
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff urged the Germans to write a constitution that would make fascism Adolf Hitler replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would have to organize themselves and their voice in the new nation, the Germans added a clause that explicitly the: "The right to establish associations to safeguard and improve the labour and economic conditions of each individual and every profession or profession.
Agreements that restrict this right or aim to reduce it are null and void; targeted measures are illegal.
When former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt presided over the International Human Rights Commission, which was drawn up by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was adopted in 1948 by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the other authors have a guarantee that 'everyone has the right to form trade unions to protect their interests or to join them.'
For generations, Americans have been forced to accept that labour rights are human rights.
When this country consulted other countries on how to shape civil and democratic societies, Americans declared that the right to establish a trade union - and that this union should participate in collective bargaining as an equal partner with companies and government authorities - must be protected.
With these rights in America under attack, it is indeed very wise to recall the American ideal, which is why the working population must have the right to unite and to make themselves heard in a free and open society.
As Pastor Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the labor movement has not reduced the strength of the nation, but increased it.
By raising the living standards of millions of people, work has miraculously created a market for industry and raised the entire nation to an unimaginable increase.
Those who attack the work forget these simple truths, but history preserves them.
History reminds us, and we should do so.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights as protection against discrimination in the creation of employee representatives - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals that America has made in the past and the promise of democracy.
Judges are temporarily stopping to force all Abtreibungskliniken in Louisiana to close down.
A the stopped on Sunday provisionally the implementation of a law in Louisiana, of which lawyers say that it would probably have led to the closure of all five Abtreibungskliniken of the state.
This measure, which was raised by Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana, in June to the law and to enter into force on 1 January, would force doctors who perform abortions to acquire a Patientenaufnahmerecht at a hospital within a radius of 30 miles for their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that doctors can continue to carry out legal abortions for the time being, while they are requesting such a right.
"The plaintiffs can continue to work in accordance with the law, while they strive to obtain these rights," wrote federal John deGravelles in his judgment.
Within a month, a hearing will be set for judges to bring about a more lasting decision for the law.
Abtreibungsbefürworter welcomed the decision, the most recent in a series of judgments against similar measures, and said that doctors have so more time to obtain Krankenhauseinweisungsrechte.
"Today's decision means that the women in Louisiana escape a treacherous law that wants to deprive them of their health and their rights," said Nancy Northup, President and Chair of the Center for reproductive rights lodged in the name of three of the five clinics of the state to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the judgment was also extended to doctors from the two clinics, who had not joined the lawsuit and had also applied for Einweisungsrechte.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have enacted similar laws, with courts recently declaring such measures in Alabama and Mississippi for not.
key of a law in Texas, which would have forced most of the clinics remaining in the state to close down, were stopped by a federal on Friday.
Abtreibungsbefürworter and the American College of Ostretricians and Gynecologists, as well as the American Medical Association, are saying that doctors are demanding unnecessary restrictions.
abortion believe that measures are designed to protect women's health, although some also welcomed the effects of the closure of clinics.
Only a doctor who carries out abortions in Louisiana has Patienteineinweiserechte, divided the center for reproductive rights.
If all other doctors in the state are forced to stop abortions, this doctor would no longer be able to carry out the operation, as the group said.
In their arguments against the ruling, representatives of the state of Louisiana said that they would not penalize doctors for the execution of abortions, whereas their applications would still be pending.
Delayed diagnoses and lack of access to the best treatment options lead to higher levels of treatment in rural areas in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have set up a Videohommage for her mother, who died in 2007 at ovarian.
For women in the rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of dying of starvation than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Aussie, identified in 2005 ovarian, and found that only 25% were still alive five years after diagnosis.
The conjunction Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said that for those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the consuming during the study was 20% higher than for those in urban areas.
Krk STUDY: New drugs could slow down lung and ovarian
Researchers examined the medical care of women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman in the diagnosis, the type of ovarian, existing previous and the social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer has already been further advanced, the survival rate was the lowest.
For those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the median income was 20% higher during the study than for those in urban areas.
Although the study did not examine why, outside the city of living women with higher probability of death, Dr. Jordan is suspected of a late diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment centres as possible factors.
"This disease is best dealt with by gynaecological oncologists, and these are mostly found in larger cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of the telemedicine services to counter the distances, they proposed a strengthening of the service of flown doctors in order to give specialists the opportunity to provide women more densely in their place of residence, as well as treatment programmes for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said that the study, regardless of geographical status, showed a poor Langzeitüberlebensrate of women in the ovarian, and underscored the need for better treatment and treatment.
The study will be published in the Medical Journal of Australia today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013, 1919 Neave, a young mother of 33 years from the Gold Coast, had an aggressive form of ovarian.
garden regret falling
The decline, combined with an increase in the number of homeowners under the age of 35, could cause tens of thousands of pounds a year if today " s young consumers are reported to a study by the HTA, as reported in the Financial Times.
The report states that renters spend an average of 55% of the amount that people spend on their garden.
The increase in people who live in high areas without gardens, the popular procedure, gardens to asphaltieren and the falling Gartengröße are other factors that threaten the industry, estimated at £5 billion a year in sales.
In the Greater London area, which has fallen over a period of 6 years from 61% to 43%, the lowest expenditure for products per household will be reported.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society point out that housing for rent or small gardens does not mean that people cannot pull plants.
Guy barter, Chefgartenberater for the RHS said: "Container-Gärtnern, for example, is very popular with tenants because they can take their plants in a move."
The HTA-Bericht identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the Garteneinzelhandels due to rising economic and economic prosperity from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.
He also predicted an improved market situation for this year because of the better weather after inclement weather conditions in March and April last year.
The protest movement in Pakistan, led by opposition politicians and the cleric Tahirul Qadri, is continuing.
In the capital city Islamabad, around 1,000 demonstrators have stormed the state television station PTV.
Information Pervaiz Rashid said that soldiers could have pushed the Their out of PTV-Gebäude again.
The station opened its operation for about 40 minutes, but it is now broadcast again.
At the same time, around 3000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Around one kilometer, they supplied with sticks and stones, armed clashes with security forces.
The police used tear gas.
The protesters demanded Sharif resignation, but this is rejected.
The army of the country, meanwhile, calls for a political solution to the conflict, 'without wasting time and without resorting to violence'.
After a meeting at the headquarters on Sunday evening, the military said: "The army remains committed to ensuring the security of the state."
The military plays an important role in Pakistan, and has become more frequent.
The opposition politician, Imran Khan, accuses Premier Sharif of having cheated in the parliamentary election last May.
The protests escalated at the weekend, after Khan and Qadri had called on their followers to go to Sharif residence.
Three people were killed.
Turkey ordered diplomat for Spionageberichts
The Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has published a report on American and British spying in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bülent said that the US Embassy and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine The Intercept reported that the former member of the National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, showed that Turkey was a US ambassador for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played the importance of the report and said that all the major countries were mutually supportive.
An earlier report, which was also targeted by the most important secret service of Germany " s Ankara, provided a clear response from the Turkish Government.
introduced: train drivers are faced with consequences for commuters.
The nationwide introduced of train drivers on Monday night could also affect the movement of persons in NRW.
The strike, which has been announced for 18 to 21 o'clock throughout Germany, affects all carriers, including long-distance, regional and S-Bahn-Verkehr.
The main thrust of the Warnstreiks is freight transport.
Photo: A. French-Luxembourg / Archive
said of the trade union of Deutscher drivers (GDL), Sven office, in Düsseldorf.
We expect significant outages.
Regional priorities do not exist.
The main thrust of the Kyoto Protocol is freight transport.
The Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced to do everything possible to keep the effects as low as possible.
The GDL, however, did not say where they wanted to strike, so it was difficult to foresee the consequences in concrete terms.
police of Magaluf of Corruption
On Friday, the prosecutor presented the office of the Public Prosecutor of Mallorca evidence for extortion by police officers and employees of the town of Calvià.
The head of the police of Calvià on the island of Mallorca was arrested after corruption charges of businessmen and arrange in the infamous Binge-Drinking-Hotspot.
Chief José Antonio Navarro has been detained in custody by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most bars and nightclubs are from Magaluf.
According to the Online-Tageszeitung Mallorca Diario, the prosecutor set up the office of the prosecutor for the fight against corruption, on Friday, evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the town of Calvià.
Two other Ortspolizisten were arrested by the Spanish Civil Guard, in connection with the corruption charges, and are being interviewed together with Navarro by a judge.
The national Spanish newspaper ABC reported that the disgruntled "immobile, the authorities of the authorities have serious implications for their business.
"It is no longer a question of money-making, it is about survival," said one of the businessmen to the court.
Let our livelihoods come from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
In this summer, Magaluf made international headlines in this summer, in which a 18 British tourist was shown, which took place on 24 men during a page fellatio.
The Inselbehörden have since then tried to stop the irregular behavior of €holidaymakers in Magaluf by minimizing the number of participants to the infamous alkoholgetränkten crawls.
The Playhouse Club, in which the Fellatiovorfall took place, was forced to close for one year, while Playhouse and the Lukewarm have to pay a penalty of 55,000 € ($73,000).
The tourist resort Magaluf, which is particularly popular with young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of accidents, including the trend of "Balconing," where people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony to the hotel pool.
The first spring with wet and stormy weather conditions impeded flights from Adelaide Airport.
The SPRING has brought a winter surprise, with heavy tour and strong wind blowing the flights from Adelaide airport.
In the evening until 9 pm there was a further 5 mm rain on the city, after 6,6mm, which had already been in the night for Sunday.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, galloping showers, including a cast, which began shortly before 20 o'clock, causing almost 4mm precipitation in about 10 minutes.
After the winter of last week for an early dose spring, temperatures in the city fell again at a maximum of 15.8 ° C in the city on Monday.
The gusty weather conditions probably resulted in the late landing of a flight from Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane should have landed shortly after 19.30, but was hit by a Scherwind - a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - and had to take off.
Adelaide reached at this time about 50 km / h on the ground at Adelaide airport.
The flight details showed that the plane had to take off at a second point of departure, and finally institutions at about was.
The so resulted in the delay of some other flights, including a Emirates-Flugs from Dubai and a Quantas-Flugs from Sydney.
For Adelaide, a maximum temperature of 16 ° C is forecast on Tuesday, with possible tour.
Matthies means: Highest time to the great Connect
In view of the galloping technical progress that threatens to turn our cosy home into High-Tech-Schaltzentralen, our columnist Bernd Matthies is playing with a very familiar electronic accessory.
While I write this here, I have a look at the spiral that connects the listener with the phone, and I think: Boah, like retro is this?
But there is a thought: if the cable would not be, all the listeners would fly in the house in a very short time, and that would be much more retro.
In any case, is the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typos: electronic) sector is the rule that the world novelty of today's electronic waste is bought - outdated.
And who, for example, still has a CRT in the living room, who simply says that he is fundamentally opposed to television.
Why are these considerations?
Because the Andrängen of the Ifa at the radio station this week again leads us to our absolute incompetence in matters of electronics.
The layman, who used the washing machine and CD player blindly, does not even understand the purpose of the devices that are spread with incomprehensible Expertensprech before him: "Connected Home, wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies" promises the press office.
Yes, is it?
What are we talking about with people who apparently voluntarily spread this kind of Quark?
After all, for about 20 years, it has been the case that we are going to have to interconnect our house.
In order for the yoghurt itself to be reordered so that we can tell the alarm on the Maldives that it burns in the office.
And would it not be wonderful if we came from the office out of air conditioning on our early arrival...?
Yes, but this requires air conditioning.
But a dream will definitely come true soon: we lift our wristwatch, say "sucking!" - and at home the Staubsaugroboter goes off.
It is misleading.
Everything boils down to nothing less than a revolution: "The borders between white and brown goods blur," Rum an industry expert, you can connect the washing machine with a headphones, the purchasing sends the weather forecast and the " shows how long the pizza in the oven still needs, but that is not good because we are stuck in traffic jams.
We also know from everyday practice: if a Farmers device is really badly needed, the battery is guaranteed to be empty.
Another reason for this is that the spiral on the phone will survive the next Funkausstellungen.
Israeli children are returning to their schools after the war in Gaza.
Thousands of Israeli children from the territories in the vicinity of Gaza returned to the schools after they spent the summer in Luftschutzräumen, while missile and rockets remained closed to their communities during the 50-tägigen war between Israel and Hamas, while the area recovered from the struggles.
The or brought the communities communities in the south of Israel a sense of joy and expectation, but the signs of fighting are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod distant employees of the "Pashosh" -Kindergartens, which was taken by a missile, prior to the arrival of the students shrapnel from the walls and Schiebewänden.
"We have a little fear, but are excited," said Ronit Bart, lives in Kibbutz Saad and the English teacher.
Many children from our area urgently need to return to a routine.
Her 11-year daughter Shani Bart said it feels "a bit weird," suddenly to go back to school.
"These were difficult times, and we did not go out of the house at all," she said.
President Reuven Jordanians visited the Kibbutz near the border with Gaza to offer his support.
Until a cease-fire broke the war last week, thousands of residents of the authorities, like Saad in their homes, left their homes to move away from Gaza in safer areas and escape the missile and Mörserfeuer.
Many residents of Spring Oz, a community near the border with Gaza, where a His boy was killed by a Palestinian Mörsergranate, still hesitate to return.
The Ministry of Education shared with, say, a dozen families have not returned.
Their children were temporarily accommodated in other schools.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town with Gaza, which is heavily besieged by the Palestinian shelling.
He appealed to the children to learn a lot and said "we will ensure that their knowledge is purchased and offer you security."
Israel and Hamas agreed on a unbefristeteten cease-fire last Tuesday.
The ceasefire ensured an immediate end to the fighting, but important problems remain unresolved, such as Hamas " s call for the lifting of the Gaza blockade blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel is calling for a disarmament of Hamas and the surrender of the corpses of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to start in Egypt this month.
In the war, more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed, three-quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children according to estimates by the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies these claims and estimates that at least half of those killed are fighters, but there has been no concrete evidence of this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, were killed.
Hamas and other fighters in Gaza fired 4.591 rockets and mortar during the fighting on Israeli cities, most of them in the south.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military conducted more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gazagebiet and around 250,000 people sought refuge in more than 100 order, which were converted into provisional shelters.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fighting continues, the authorities last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope the school is open soon, so that we can learn how children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who currently lives in a school in are.
After election in Saxony: CDU-Vize Strobl is NPD-Verbotsverfahren
In view of the vez of the NPD in Saxony, CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl has spoken out in favour of an end to the current NPD-Verbotsverfahrens in front of the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl, the current proceedings against the German Federal Constitutional Court should come to an end.
"The NPD is worse off than last time," said Strobl, who is also CDU-Landeschef in Baden-Wuerttemberg, the "Leipziger Volkszeitung."
This is a welcome development in the right direction and a development that makes me more likely to be the result of a political battle against the NPD and not before the Constitutional Court.
At the time of the vote on Sunday, the NPD had failed spectacularly.
A first attempt to ban the far-right party was a failure in 2003, because, at that time, the Görus was also in the hands of informers.
In December 2013, the Federal Council filed a new application in Karlsruhe after a long preparation.
Federal government and the Bundestag did not join.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At the Neuländer place, refugees are now accommodated in tents.
The head office for refugees in Harburg is bursting at all seams.
Now the the have set up three tents of the Red Cross.
The Bezirkspolitiker have been informed only briefly - they are not enthusiastic.
"These Hauruck-Aktionen continue to arouse public concern and give the Bezirkspolitikern no opportunity to participate constructively in the humane accommodation of refugees," says Britta Herrmann, group chairman of the Greens in the Harburg Bezirksversammlung.
Their party demands that the administration Harburg are currently making unused houses available for accommodation.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
The reasons for overcrowding in the initial are the onslaught of help - and the fact that the authorities are not able to provide enough places in social.
Many refugees therefore stay longer than the regular three months.
Housing prices have experienced the strongest growth rate in seven years, showing a widely quoted index.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital rose by 1.1 percent in August, so the RP-Daten from Monday.
This increase is due to the increase in June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the biggest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual price increase was 10.9%, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country.
The research of RP Data, Tim BardCon, told Sydney and Melbourne to drive a two-part market.
The figures of RP data show that house prices in Sydney increased by 16.1% last year, in Melbourne, by 11.7%.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane, and Darwin, where average prices rose by five and six per cent.
At the other end of the scale, Canberra has been hit hard by the cuts in government spending, and where prices rose by only 1.4% over the year.
Mr BardCon said that, with the US rebate, there will now be an increase in the real estate market for the next few months, which would be subject to a real test of the market.
"If you consider the constantly high rate of the, a generally fast the and the constantly low Zinsumgebung, it is likely that home prices will continue to rise in the next three months," he said.
In an opinion on the new press, he contradicts statements by the executive director Peer Medau and attested to this "as a Feldherr."
The style of the university is not, that is, in the communication.
For example, the family family had already been informed of the request of the university in the middle of June.
The statement that the plans were only known in July are definitely wrong, "says so.
At the same time, it points out that the plans are not 'Vorfestlegungen or even decisions', but there are 'preferences'.
Also, the extension of the narrow road to the entrance to the castle is less dramatic than that of the Medaus.
It was from a nine metre wide road and is not mentioned.
It goes to the current state at 5.50 metres, which is a metre wide than before, "explains Pötzl.
The argument of the Medau-Betreiber, that their free and inquire parking spaces in the future will only be used by students of the university, does not want to apply Pötzl.
Zugeparkt is not at all because, as with other public car parks, it has become an intelligent solution.
Thinking to the People " s Villages
The nursery Bergwichtel, which is located on the site and, in front of its door, would have access to the parking deck, should not be affected by the "Hochschulpräsidenten."
Instead, he has to bear in mind that this is not only about the crèche, but also about the residents at the entrance to the transition and the 800 students of the neighbouring secondary school.
So it is a question of much more than the special interests of Mr Medau, " says Pötzl.
Whether the critique of the Elternbeirats of the crèche, with the expansion of the road would be lost to a "the few natural stains of Coburgs," the reader can decide for himself ."
At the beginning of October, Pötzl, together with the State Bauamt Bamberg, wants to inform the town councils about the constructional development of the University of Applied Sciences by 2020 and to address the importance of new development in this context.
Peer Medau had informed the parents of the nursery about the plans of the university last week.
As a result, access to the new parking deck is not going to take place via the Campus and the Friedrich-Streib-Straße, but via the campus.
In this way, the narrow road should be extended to approximately one kilometre length.
According to the estimates of the Medaus, the traffic in the park of Schloss castle would increase tenfold.
There is talk of about 2000 vehicles every day.
From the side of the city you have not wanted to comment on the project.
Glandorf Returns from Handball-Nationalmannschaft
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the DHB-Team.
The 31-Jährige of the Kießling SG Flensburg-Handewitt, in particular, introduced health problems for this decision.
The decision has not been easy for me, it has matured over several months.
It is time for me to listen to the signals of my body and to finish my career in the national team, "said the World Champion of 2007 on his Facebook page.
It is therefore a record of 167 friendlies and 576 for Germany in the international retirement.
Because the wurfgewaltige Rückraumspieler for the Champions-League-Sieger from Flensburg wants to go to score for a few years now, he is no longer available to the new national coach Dagur career-start.
With the Icelanders who, on Tuesday, made his cadres for the the against Switzerland, Glandorf introduced a "long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches have been as enthusiastic as they will inspire my longtime fellow players and my successors.
But I want to be healthy for my club in the next few years, for a longer period of time, which does not permit the current double burden.
In 2012, the left-handed had to fear his hockey.
Due to Achillessehnenproblemen, he had been treated by Teamärzten of the German Handballbundes (DHB) with a Cortisonspritze, which later triggered a strong inflammation.
A once and two further interventions followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a lawsuit against the Mannschaftsarzt, the confrontation ended with a comparison.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years of Nationalmannschaftskarriere do not pass through any body without trace.
I have some health sites that I can no longer ignore.
After the three infektionsbedingten Fußoperationen, which took place in a short time in 2012, I never got a grip on my blood pressure.
There are some other verschleißbedingte complaints.
Already at the beginning of the year I realized that I could control my head, but my body could not be fooled, "explained Glandorf in the interview the magazine" Handball Time ."
For a comeback, it would only be available in absolute emergency.
"When all the cords, I am always ready to speak," said the double father of the magazine.
However, I can count on a hand for the years in which I can still play handball.
I must also say that, after my long hospitalization in 2012, I have become quite humble as far as my health is concerned.
After my career I would like at least to be able to go some way.
In addition to the 2007 World Cup and the win of the Champions League 2014, he won the EHF-Pokal in 2008 (HSG EuroTank) and 2010 (DRAWERS latest).
In 2012, he also secured the Cup of the Cup.
German economy shrank by 0.2% in the spring.
The crises around the world have slowed down the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product fell by 0.2 percent from April to the end of June 2014.
This was reported by the Statistical Office of the Federal Statistical Office and confirmed preliminary calculations.
Consumption alone slowed the economy in the spring, while investment declined.
External trade also slowed the economy.
Thanks to the strong growth potential for the first half of the year, a total loss of 0.8 percent is due to the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of the "Münsterland-Mooiste," which led the Burgmannsstadt on Sunday for the first time.
The Burgmannstadt Horstmar experienced an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer" on Sunday.
The largest derailleurs in the Netherlands, NTFU, organized the so-called "Münsterlande-Mooiste."
This is the biggest cycling tour through the Münsterland, the Hikers near the Netherlands.
More than 1000 participants expressed their attendance at Jos ter Huerne for organizing this tour through the Münsterland.
This in various professional magazines, this tour was offered to interested parties.
We come from Den Helder and sailed overnight to take part in this tour.
We would like to get to know the Münsterland again in this way, the cyclists were happy about the route through the circles of Steinfurt, Borken and Coesfeld.
After registration in the Pintinox of Schützenbruderschaft Sta.
Katharina went to a small "UCI" through the city through the Wall, where the launch took place.
In addition, the route was advertised for three different categories, in the direction of Herrenholz over the Schöppinger mountain in the direction of Coesfeld and over Havixbeck and Billerbeck back to Horstmar.
On routes of 95 km with a 1175 altitude difference, 120 km with an altitude difference in altitude and 145 km with an altitude difference in altitude, the cyclists have proven their good condition.
They were transported in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
organizer Jos most and Bürgermeisterstellvertreter Heinz Lölfing were very pleased with the success of this Radsport-Events.
We are satisfied and it was a nice experience for everyone involved.
The organization ran without problems and there were no negative incidents, "Heinz Lölfing takes a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, there were not so many participants, as the organizer had hoped, which was probably due to the bad weather and the morning rain.
"We see ourselves again in the year 2015 with hopefully nice weather on 30 August or during another weekend ', but the cyclists promised to go back to the Münsterland again and the organisers are planning a new edition.
Konstantin the mercilessly honest
It is actually more philosophical testimony than the biography of Konstantin alarm, singer, pacifist, politsicher activist, ex-detainee, in "monk and warrior" on 287 pages.
It is not chronologically, but more Gedankenfetzen for Gedankenfetzen, who was born in Munich, born on 1 June 1947, wrote his memoirs, each chapter is initiated by a suitable song.
And he is mercilessly honest: he is not a human weakness from the Onanie as a school to the shoplifting and drug use.
Also, to show how he has learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow human beings.
Plain space also take abstract, but all the more important terms: love, soul, ego, being in the now, spirituality - all he tries to go on the ground, on a very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he also explains his pacifism, his social criticism, his political commitment - and also, as he has not only shaped the music (the Pasha became a soul and rock), but also his Dholl.
The latter has also brought to the ascetic of the ascetic, the ascetic, the "by subtraction," as he says, "by making all superfluous,."
Between all the high-minded, there are also short anecdotes about the earth: about beatings in a place frequented by the or a crazy car ride, where he target a tree.
Here, too, he is mercilessly honest.
Lenny Henry: My father never took me into the arm.
Has never said "I love you."
Henry was one of seven children of a family of a immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died as Henry 19, worked in a factory and its relationship was limited.
Henry worked for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which was partly based on an imaginary conversation with his father and was born from the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult Kindheitsmomente.
He attended "many" therapies after the death of his mother, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship with his father.
It was difficult to know him.
One never seen his face, heard only his voice: "Listen to the noise.
Leave your sister in peace.
Join us!
I want to see cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who had already grown up when I was a child - went to the pub and talked about things like the shape of the re-fills or the beauty of a Cricketschlags.
I never had such a conversation with him.
Much of my life was this serious guy in the corner who read the newspaper.
Recently, Henry opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions were better than at the time of his father, he won an insight into how life had been for him.
It is now slightly brighter, but they are dark, smoky, deep Stygian labyrinth with Flammenstößen and smoke and lots of soot.
My father used to be simply in the tub and then he was able to hear him slowly, as he began to sing, because he was able to wash the foundry.
When I woke up there, it became clear to me that he had done so for years to put food on the table, and my respect for him was greater.
Nevertheless, Henry, as a child, grew up without his parents " the.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you."
Only when my mother died at the end of her life, we began, "I love you, I love you, I love you."
With his own daughter, Billie, with Dawn French, he could share the love he had missed as a child.
Have you ever stopped with the "I love you"?
Listen to me to hug me!
Dad, I am 22!
with Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother.
It is still with French friends, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry " s own mother was diabetic.
That contributed to her death.
So when I was very, very overweight and symptoms of diabetes showed, my doctor said "You must be radical.
So I pulled this Fitnessding and had to make a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is exhausting.
No-one likes to eat carrots.
Henry professional may be seen in his elegant, kurzgeschnittenen.
Since he was praised by critics for his Othello, he is captured by the theatre.
It followed the comedy of the errors, and then fences of August Wilson.
This is a different experience than the sitcoms and comedies that have filled out his busy working life.
He started with only 16 years when he worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on stage when he imitation and wrote to New Faces about him.
His career began in the middle of the seventies, "I was for a fairly long time the only black singers / comedian on television."
He learned in the profession.
I had to learn not only in front of the eyes of the public, but also from 1975 to 1985, how I could become an efficient Witze-Erzähl-Maschine, while I was a star on television, and that was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 at New Faces
As his manager had the Bühnenrecht at the Black and White minstrel Show, a light entertainment program in which the people "black anmalten," Henry made his comedy there over five years.
My family was very uncomfortable.
I just wish that it would never happen, but I do not regret that I have done it.
It was a strange, awkward position for me, but I worked on the and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But this "years light pillar of British television" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
As a result of the introduction of figures depicting British black culture, Henry worked on an alternative Comedykreis in the Eighties.
The first series of the Lenny Henry Show took place in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as the head chef Gareth Blacklock in the series boss.
Advertising, documentaries, TV series and film roles have influenced his next decade, but after his left LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought: "What are you doing next, Len, because it all feels like you just have the time to sit around or play a bit on the spot."
Then came a Documentary for Radio 4 with the title What's So Great About...?
The first episode revolved around Shakespeare.
I was allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never learned anything about him in school and kept him mostly for a domain of the middle class, white in pantyhose and a cabbage front.
So I had great fear of it.
All who we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "You should try it.
Don't be bad if you don't know what you're talking about.
Take a few words in the mouth, and then you will understand why we love all Shakespeare.
Henry introduced 20 lines from Othellos last speech for the documentary and he was thrilled.
I had the feeling that I was able to do that.
It was almost as if someone had finally put my head on the head.
"Therefore it is, it is a serious thing, take it seriously, learning your text, works a bit.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we made it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car crash, and this simply did not happen.
And soon he appeared in the comedy of the errors.
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre and I couldn " t believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you have changed you."
There was a technical error and Henry felt instinctively that he had to talk to the audience.
"A little voice told me" you have to bridge 10 minutes while you fix the computer ."
Instead, the Bühnenleiter announced that the idea was order as soon as the problem was resolved.
I went from the stage and something in me said "Oh, thank God."
I am not responsible.
I can leave it to someone else.
"You play in a play, so keep in your role."
Henry in fences at the Duchess Theatre
Learning the text for fences was demanding.
Panic is very good, that strengthens the tendons.
That was also a good thing, so it is like a great sign of the gods that tell me "this is your destiny."
He says this, of course, with a DONNERNDEN voice.
So I stand by it.
I really love it.
I love to be in a sample.
However, Henry still has the head of a comedian - our conversation is permeated by humorous outbursts while he continues to imitate people.
I decided not to make first because I think that this kind of instant satisfaction from a room full of stranger is somehow dangerous.
If you are looking for what you are looking for, you are driving a wall.
I sometimes run live in the Apollo, if I want to do so, but as a whole I do not have as much as before.
I would like to ask him whether he will ever again make a Stand-up-Comedytour.
The fun I have in a room with a director who helps to form a beginning, a middle part and the end of a journey - I do not think I want to give up again.
So is this new incarnation?
I think.
I would like an actor.
It is fun.
One always tells a story, and that is great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
rebels block Road in Yemen " s Capital
In the conflict between Shia rebels and the Yemeni government, the Houthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital, Sana.
Huthi-Anhänger would have occupied on Monday central streets in Sanaa, said a spokesman for the Huthi-Partei "Ansar Allah."
Access to Parliament has also been blocked.
Yemeni media reports from a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online of the newspaper "yemen.com. Post," Huthi-Führer Abdulmalik Houthi on Sunday evening was called on the action.
Huthi threatened with a further escalation of the conflict, his demands should not be met.
The Shia Houthis are fighting for more independence from Sunni Yemen and call for the government " s resignation.
The tribe tribe has been besieged by the Yemeni capital for almost two weeks.
Some 30,000 rebels have built protest on the great mobile of Sana.
In the surrounding area, there is always a bloody struggle with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registers officials to curb "Geisterangestellte"
Kenya has begun to register all state officials in order to delete "Geisterangestellte" from the government's payroll.
Employees who did not register in the next two weeks would not pay more, was a Regierungsmitteilung.
The government is suspected that thousands of people will still be left out of the public service after their departure from the public service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to fight corruption in the public service at his office in 2013.
At a test at the beginning of this year, it was noted that at least $1 million ($700,000) per month was lost to payments for "Geisterangestellte" and other abuses.
The government assumes that salaries will continue to be paid to accounts after a person has died or leaves the public service, reports Wanyama Chebusiri for the BBC from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must now appear at Identifikationszentren in the next two weeks to ensure that their data is recorded on biometric registrations, has been reported in a Regierungsnachricht.
All those who did not do this without a credible apology would be removed from the payroll, the communication continued.
"By doing this, it is essential to rationalise the public service by identifying the actual number of officials and clearing up the payroll at both levels - the" Geisterangestellten "is eliminated," said Anne Waiguru, the Kabinettssekretärin in the Ministry of Decentralisation and planning.
The scandal surrounding the Kunstberater Helge Achenbach will be on trial for the first time on 11 November.
Five heirs to Berthold Albrecht, son of the Aldi-Gründers Theo Albrecht, call for 19.4 million euros from Düsseldorf and two of his companies that are in insolvency proceedings.
This was announced on Monday.
In the Complaint, it is said that, when buying works of art and vintage cars, Berthold and Berthold Albrecht have calculated higher than actually paid prices.
As a result, the agreed commission would have been higher.
Achenbach has bought a total of 121 million euro items for Albrecht.
Children need Roots and Wing
For 44 years he was in the school, of which 23 are the headmaster.
From this time, Manfred Richter knows many of and Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always worn by his aspiration to see people in the pupil.
mountain is the most famous mountain in the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves painting with the motif from his home.
Richter was born in 1930 in 20th / Northern Bohemia, today Trutnov.
Already at 14 he was interested in secondary school for the teaching-says.
A year later, the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their house.
After a few months in a camp, it went to Bavaria in 1946 - in the boxcar.
As a result, it was stunned to the other Senkendorf.
Teacher training took place in Bamberg.
To this end, Manfred Richter had to run six kilometres per week for the next railway station, with the train to Bamberg, where three kilometres across the whole city go to school and back in the evening.
After two months, Manfred Richter won a sleeping in Bamberg in Bamberg: together with up to 15 classmates in a dormitory.
In 1951, he made the second Staatsexamen at the first and in 1954 after three years.
Due to the fact that Bavaria had no free 1968 for him, he applied to Upper Bavaria and came to school in Kollbach on November 1, 1954.
The "Fräulein-Zimmer" was his first "housing" in the schoolhouse.
In 1958, he moved to the school School in 1958 near the school.
This House bought Manfred Richter 1980 after the school was dissolved in Kollbach 1968.
Until then there were three classes in Kollbach in Kollbach and five in Petershausen.
From the school year 1968 / 69, these were summarized in Petershausen in today " s town hall.
When the Tandem Indersdorf was founded, only the primary school in the village remained.
In order to avoid a demotion in the now smaller school, the then Rector Georg Soell moved to Karlsfeld - and Manfred Richter became his successor.
But Petershausen grew, and so the children and their teachers, from September 1982, were able to refer to today " s construction, which was expanded in 1997 after Judge retirement.
Manfred Richter praises the uncomplicated generosity of the former mayor Ludwig Götz, who, in addition, was able to build a workroom and in in 1997, despite the fact that it was not eligible after the guidelines for Schulbauten.
"Mayor Götz was very schulfreundlich," remembered the judges.
In his entire career, Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a Subject, who responded to a unit of a law on justice and justice: "You must never forget the love," Manfred Richter put up what he had heard as a young teacher.
"You have to give the children two things: roots and wings," says the eighty-four today.
And he had to learn: "This is not always possible," whether he or his pupils or his own six children is not quite clear.
In any case, Judge do was sometimes unconventional.
When students internationally-recognized, they did not get a Before and they were not the.
At the expense of the congregation, judges had the opportunity to buy two pairs of gloves, and let the two rivals compete against each other, even if there was a violet.
For the benefit of the school, judges served as Rector a good relationship with the then Mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This moved the partyless judge after his retirement, in 1996, at least as a last resort to the CSU for the municipal council.
But judges were placed on the seat six, and joined the CSU.
180 kilometres in three days
HR4-RADTOUR 700 cyclists are in the spa gardens of Bad Salzhausen and Scotsman stopovers.
If there are cyclists on their tour in Bad Salzhausen or Scots, this is nothing special.
On Friday, however, the number of Rastenden: the 700 participants of the hr4-Radtour and Begleittross enjoyed a break in the lower spa park of Bad Salzhausen and later a party under the open sky in the Schottener.
Under the motto "Biking and partying on newly discovered paths between Ottostrasse and" "the participants met in Bad Play-offs on Thursday and witnessed a concert by Van Baker & Band.
On Friday it was serious: the cyclists took the first stage, the 60 km over Florstadt to Bad Salzhausen and further to the bulkheads.
In Bad Salzhausen the athletes were welcomed by Mayor Hans-Peter Coliseum, who was in Bad Play-offs with the bicycle startup, and the head of the Eigenbetriebs Bad Salzhausen, Petra Schwing-Döring.
For the refreshment of body and mind, all kinds of good things were prepared: the rural women from Ranstadt and Nieder-Mockstadt had baked 85 sheets of apple, Zwetschen-, streusel and cheesecake.
"Such cakes can only bake in rural women," praised a participant from Aulendiebach, while he adds another piece of music.
At the refreshment of the Turnvereins Geiß-Nidda, cold refreshments could be purchased.
The "Duo Bravo" entertain the visitors with famous melodies from operettas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful ambience of the park was relaxing.
He also enjoyed a head massage from his partner: "he deserved, he has now again abgesprungene came."
Meanwhile, the mayor and the Betriebsleiterin were still working: they were interviewed on the well before the Trinkkurhaus by Reporters Rainer beneath and took the opportunity to canvass in the Radio for Bad Salzhausen.
Also Promotionchef Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4-Radtour in 2004 as a Hawaiʻi, could only be short indescribably, he had plenty to do with the technique on site.
His comes, in which he wrote with three phones and a radio station with his employees and the 15 Motorradstaffel of the Police Hessen Hessen, Facebook-Einträge wrote and reportage, also needed a check.
"The majority of the participants come from the Rhine-Main region," he said, "but also from Gießen or Fulda, from the Lauterbach or the Taunus, and even from many cities in Westphalia, cyclists have travelled.
The number of participants is a little bit after.
In category I will be accommodated in hotels, in category II in Sammelunterkünften.
From the spa, the bikers had a good impression when they returned after one and a half hours: "Bye!"
"It was beautiful in Bad Salzhausen!" ﬁnally it to leave.
After the arrival in Scots the group was allowed to take a short breather.
But in the evening the cyclists were demanding in the idyllic village of Alteburgpark.
Under the direction of the Schottener Gesellschaft für tourism und municipal (GTS), the park had a nice wine and, of course, it was prepared to prepare goodies, for example tarte with well Federweißer.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS-Geschäftsführer Markus Hoßfeld and MSC-Vorsitzender Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his role as director of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed visitors.
The three were visibly pleased about the "many operations in bulkheads."
DJ Tobias Hagen then released the he.
The opportunity for a dynamic movement in the open air has been eagerly used, despite the sporting activity on the bicycle.
Among the guests, there was a growing number of citizens who were equally impressed by the good mood as well as the large number of cyclists.
On the second day for cyclists the stations Birstein, Wächtersbach and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - were on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 km of are, athletes met again in Bad Play-offs.
Dozens of Turkish policemen arrested for "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey due to the suspicion of "conspiracy against the government."
The police authorities did not give a direct comment.
Among those arrested are 14 high-ranking policemen, reports fact Daily News.
Some of them were involved in the the against officials, including four government in the last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested because they allegedly established a organised criminal association and have tapped telephone numbers.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was then Prime Minister) described her actions as part of the activities led by the Islamist cleric Fethulla Güllen against him and other people in positions of power.
Not all children in Ukraine return to school.
Schools almost everywhere in Ukraine opened on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arsenij Yatsenyuk brought his daughter to school.
There he reported waiting journalists that not all schools had reopened, but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations:
The Septemberfeiern were not held in any school.
The sky is not peaceful throughout Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge common Ukrainian Peoples' Front, must fight for a peaceful heaven.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slawjansk, who visited Jazenjuks daughter, spoke to Russian.
We hope that peace will finally prevail here and that the children will receive an education that will be useful to them in the future.
The first school day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated, with the children wearing embroidered shirts, holding balloons in the hands and giving their teachers flowers.
With Falterona, the BBC might have found the great director it needs.
She meets with a proud Ruhmesschleppe from the banking world, the Institute and the inner circle of the Party.
And it has its own Fronterfahrung.
Her career began with the world " s masses Bain and Co., where she moved to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI, and the media world of's.
She was Chairman of the Financial Times for seven years and resigned as the primary post of the parent company's to a younger male colleague.
Their compensation was supposedly nearly £1 million.
Their political ranking is also solid.
She was recommended by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, when he was looking for more private-sector knowledge in Whitehall: she became an adviser to the Cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory member of the Council.
In May I described the role of the chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a huge and complex entity in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
Confidence works in two directions: inward to the first guard of its own Managementhierarchie in the BBC, but also to the outside as a voice of public concern and restlessness when things go wrong.
This provides for an almost unsustainable duopoly, which requires full reform.
But the newly incoming president would risk taking action, on everything, and an institution that is as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he may be doing his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as if that were not enough, many people are still interested in seeing the BBC shrunk - power, money and status.
While competition is approaching and new technologies are threatening old, comfortable collateral, the upcoming negotiation of license fees for the BBC is fraught with particular dangers.
For the modest sum of £145,50 a year, the British public is buying the largest media company in the world.
The BBC is telling a good story: it says that it reaches 96% of all households, costing each of them only 40 pence per day.
And it seems that the BBC is rising again at the top: 53% support it today, compared to 31% 10 years ago.
impaired and habits for the BBC have changed: I now get Nachrichtenschlagzeilen on my mobile phone and I see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and respectable institution.
She needs a considerable chairman - I hope she has found it.
Perry from Texas says that unworthy Tweet was not authorized.
A tweet from the official account of the Republican governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a belittling remark about the democratic Bezirksstaatsanwältin, which is at the heart of a criminal offense against him because of abuse of authority.
The Tweet was deleted later and replaced by another of the Perry user account, the previous one.
Just a tweet has been sent from my account, which was not authorized by me.
"I do not accept the tweet and have deleted it," said it in the later news.
Mr Perry did not respond immediately to requests for comments.
Although the tweets of Perry have been the official user account, it was not clear who actually served the feed.
In the previous Tweet, a two image of the Bezirksstaatsanwältin of Travis County, Rosemary Lehmberg, was drawn, which was condemned in April 2013 for drink-driving.
Perry put a veto against financial support for their offices, as they refused to resign, leading to a charge against Perry - which could be a presidential candidate for 2016 - before a Grand Jury held this month in Austin.
The text of the tweets reads: "I am not always drunk with the triple permissible permitted... but if I do it, I accuse Mr Perry when he ausplaudert it."
I am the betrunkenste in Texas.
Lehmbergs's office was not responsible for the investigation of the Grand Jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a prosecutor from San Antonio, who was chosen by a Republican judge.
Perry is not guilty and called the indictment a political trick.
His illustrious team of lawyers applied in the case of the judge who was responsible for the prosecution and argued that the law dealing with the longest-serving governor in the history of the State of Texas is diffuse.
Perry stopped 7.5 million $public funds to the Public Integrity Unit of the state, based in Travis County, and identified in cases of state corruption in Texas, as Lehmberg refused to resign.
This veto provided a public complaint on the part of a public complaint.
Perry official user account is frequently updated - and sometimes famous.
After graduating from the rallies in Iowa during his presidential candidacy in 2012, Perry went to speculation that he will stop by making a tweet of a photograph of himself near a lake x11, with the words "South Carolina, we come!"
Berkeley explains the housing market again for "normal."
One of London " s most prominent architects pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of England has returned to normal levels.
Homes in the capital were hot demand and the subject of huge price increases, which led the Bank of England, owing to widespread fear of a credit bubble, to set limits on mortgage credit in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of the high-class company Berkeley said on Monday: "Since the start of the current Finanzjahrs the market has returned to normal Transaktionsniveaus since the peak of 2013" and added that this is a "stable Handlungsumgebung."
The real-estate market in London was well established during the downturn, as foreign buyers pushed into the capital.
According to information from the Katasteramts, the prices in the city area alone increased by 18.5% last year, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole.
The average selling prices at Berkeleys private, cheap and student offers increased by about one-fifth in the past year and at the end of April around the 423.000 £.
Over the past few months, however, a stronger pound has made less attractive in London for foreign buyers - some of them have been deterred by the introduction of new Immobiliensteuern and political rhetoric about a possible "Villensteuer" before the general elections next May.
The London real estate agent Foxtons warned last week that, in the second half of the year, the Hypothekenmarktbericht, in the second half of the year, would lead to a reduction in market growth, both at the property and at the prices.
New data from the Bank of England from Monday show a decrease in July " s July, which also indicates that the housing market is cooling.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, corrected its forecast for the rise in house prices in London for 2015, down to 3%, on the basis of an already weakness Hauspreisbewußtseins.
The transaction in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, is now a quarter of a quarter, so the broker WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the desire for a home in the capital for Berkeley is a blessing, as the amounts due to due amount to more than $2.2 billion.
Mr. Pidgley added: "The demand for the right, well planned product at the best sites remained stable and as a result the Terminverkäufe remained stable."
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3.742 new homes in the year until the end of April - almost a third more than at the peak of 2007 before the crisis.
Annual earnings growth increased by 40% to 280 million per year, sales by 18% to 1.6 billion.
In a communication on Monday before the company's Annual General Meeting, Mr Pidgley said that the revenue for Berkeley in the current year is likely to correspond to the current market expectations.
The analysts estimate the annual budget increase to EUR 450 million.
Berkeley-Aktien were stuck at £23,96 in London in the afternoon.
Wonderland by Jennifer Lawrence by hackers on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence appearance at the 85th 85.
Wonderland of the Oscarpreisträgerin Jennifer Lawrence were released online by a hacker who claimed to have a "click" of pictures of another 100 starlets.
A representative of the stars from "The Tribute of Panem" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence were real and sued the hacker for "flagrant violation of privacy."
The authorities have been notified and will follow all those who stole the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence weiterposten.
The photos, which were originally posted on the photosharing 4chan, were reported to be a loophole in the Online-Speichersystem iCloud of Apple, the alleged "click" of the Hackingopfer includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mikaela Olsen, reported BuzzFeed.
It is not sure how many of the images are real, although Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the rest of the world" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"To those of you who see photos taken by my husband and me years ago in the private environment of our house - I hope you are so well pleased with you," wrote Winstead on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious," however, denied that there are pictures of her and tweetete "These so-called nude of me are GEFÄLSCHT, people.
Let " s take a look at the beginning.
Buzzfeed reported on the late Sunday that a spokesman of the pop star Ariana the genuineness of the alleged photos of her abstritt.
Exclusive excerpt from Howard Jacobsons's novel novel about Love and the letter "J."
They were zerflossen, so it was best to describe them, they were slowly moving on like a carton that was left in the rain.
Occasionally he said a woman that he was too serious, tiring, intensive, distanced himself, and perhaps a little bit from.
And he shook his hand.
He knew he was.
He was the, as in hedgehog, yes.
The last casualty of this Stacheligkeit was a recent affair, which was more promising to ease the solitary boredom of his life than usual, and perhaps even a certain satisfaction.
Ailinn where was a Mount-Trembling delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart from a village on the North Island, which was even more remote and rougher than Port Reuben.
She was accompanied by an older accompaniment to the south, who held Kevern for her aunt, and who inherited a land in a humid but paradisiacal valley with the proper name Paradise Valley.
No one had lived in the house for several years.
The pipes were leak, in the baths were still spiders, nudibranchs had left their traces on all windows and believed that they belonged to them all, and the garden was overgrown with weeds that looked like giant Elin.
It was like the house of a children, both menacing and seductive, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, the novel "J" on the posthumously for the It Award 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week.
Kevern had been sitting in high grass and had an unusually warm Frühlingsnachmittag with Ailinn published in the broken in, who provided the land with soothing music and soothing messages, as the sight of their crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song of a long forgotten black entertainer that his father liked to listen to closed shutters in the house.
Your feet are too big.
Due to their innate aggressiveness, songs of this kind were no longer played on the console.
Not banned - nothing was properly banned - simply not played.
It has been successfully obsolesziert, as the word obsoleszieren.
The general taste, which decrees and rules never managed, and how people in books choose the Vom-Tellerwäscher-zum-Millionär-Memoiren, cookery and romantic, they chose the ballads in music.
In the euphoria of the day Kevern began to play a imaginary piano and in a grob-komischen serenade Ailinns great feet to sing.
Ailinn did not understand this.
"This was a well-known song of a pianists called Roll Waller," he explained it and automatically put two fingers on his lips.
That had always done his father to stop the letter J before he came out of his mouth.
It had begun as a game between him and his father when he was still small.
His father had been playing with his own father, he told him.
If you start a word with a J, without putting two fingers on your lips, it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very funny game at the time, and it was not very funny now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what Jazz was.
Ailinn had never heard of it.
Jazz was not played, even if it was not banned directly.
The improvisation was no longer modern.
It was only space for a single "if" in life.
The people wanted to be very safe at the beginning of a melody where they would end.
It is the same mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was musically fact mind.
Although he was ten years old without having heard of Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew something about jazz from the half collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he didn " t have to explain that Roll Waller was black.
In her age, she probably could not remember a time when singers was not black.
Again, no laws or constraints.
A conforming society meant that any element of this society would be grateful to the principle of Gruppenbegabung - grateful to the fate of spared.
People with afro-karibischer origins were suitable for entertainment and sports, so they sang and ran them.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent were blessed by nature with electronic talent and were treated with the task of ensuring that no family remained without functioning 7629.
What was left of the Polish community was concerned about the sewer system; what was left of the Greeks, crushed plates.
Those from the Gulf States and the Levant, whose grandparents did not leave the country quickly as WHAT HAPPENING WAR, IF ES HAPPENING WAR WAR from fear of being accused of Feuerschürens, fearing that the flames would devour them as next - had Labneh- and Shisha-Pfeifen-Restaurants, thought and became depressed.
Each one of his abilities.
As she had heard only ballads, it was difficult to understand how the abusive words that Kevern had just had been able to be played.
Music was an expression of love.
"They are not really insulting," said Kevern.
Except for people whose feet are too big.
My father never insulted someone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him the illusion of security.
Nothing could overcome the soundproofing of the huge kohlartigen leaves.
Ailinn still did not understand.
Why should your father have such a thing?
He wanted to say that it was a Jux, but hesitated to put two fingers on the lips in her presence.
She thought, anyway, that he was a little strange.
"It appeared funny," he said instead.
They shook their heads and blocked Keverns.
There was nothing else to see on the whole world than her ungekämmtes bleak hair.
There was nothing he would like to see.
"If you say," I mean it without conviction.
But that does not explain why you vorsingst me.
She seemed to be honest.
Are my feet too big?
He saw it again.
Your feet are not so direct.
Maybe your ankles, a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too fat?
Do you hate?
Of course I hate you.
That is only the silly song.
He could have said 'I love you', but it was too early for that.
"Your thick ankles are exactly the reason why you think me," he tried it instead.
I am a bit perverse.
That sounded wrong.
It had to be funny.
When he tried to be funny, he often found himself in trouble because he, like his father, did not have the soothing charm needed to control the savagery inherent in jokes.
Perhaps his father wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps he wanted to be Kevern.
Despite his friendly eyes.
Ailinn where was red and rose out of her deck-chair, threw the console around and buried the wine she had drunk.
Holunderblütenwein, so drunk was not an excuse for him.
In their excitation, they seemed to tremble, like palm-branches in the storm.
"And your Dickkopf is precisely why I feel perverted to you," she said...
Except that I am not.
She was sorry, both because of the unnecessary unfriendliness of his words and the fear that appeared in her eyes when she turned against him.
Did they say that he would beat them?
She had not told him of his life on the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that it was essentially like here.
The same huge and icy ocean broke out here as there on the shore.
The same confused men, with still thicker skin and verdrießlicher after THE WAR, who had been their ancestors as smugglers and wreckers, moved from tavern to pub, always willing to raise the hand against a woman who refused or derided.
Dickkopf?
They would have shown a thick fist if they were not farewells!
You only canoodle - kissing was the most frequently used word for an erotic appeal between men and women, an antidote to the vacuous ballads from the console - they only canoodle and then beat.
According to Keverns, this was an unnecessary refinement, as the kissing itself was already an act of violence.
Ailinn where gave him a sign through her body.
He rose from a deck-chair like an old man.
She also felt bleiern, but the fury of his grief surprised them.
That was not the end of the world.
They did not know.
She saw him as he departed - just like a room on the upper floor, her companion to him - a man, complaining through something he had created himself.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had raised their hands against them.
A man turned away from her, his back, embarrassed, defeated, without fighting spirit - why was it a sight that she seemed to know well, if she could not remember a single time she had seen such a thing before the day before?
When she was back alone, Ailinn looked looked on her feet.
Several years before the recent incidents, town Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic VIENNA researcher on behalf of Ofnow, the non-legislative body for public sentiment, gave a short talk about continued violence at low and medium levels in precisely the parts of the country where their reduction, if not abolition, was most likely to be expected, given the funds and energy invested in eradicating this violence.
"It has already been done much, and much still needs to be done," wrote it, "to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people that led a thousand wars, and most of them won, especially in the remote corners and valleys of the country where the sweet breath of human kindness has seldom been felt historically despite the soaring church between hedgerows.
But some properties stand out as ineradicable.
The higher the church tower, it seems, the less the passion that it continues to awaken.
The population cries to hear sentimental ballads, intoxicated in stories about Reinvigorated difficulties and claims to believe in the virtues of marriage and family life, but still does not only maintain the former harshness the rural communities as well as our urban fabric, but there is also evidence for the emergence of a new and devious Streitsucht at home, at work, on the streets and even on the squares.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to exaggerate," said her mentor when he had read the whole report.
I suggest you read less novels.
town Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: are you atheist?
"I think that I do not have to say," replied town walnut.
Are you lesbian?
Again, town appealed to her right to privacy and denial of the statement.
feminist?
Again silence.
"I don't ask this," said Luther Rabinowitz, "because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
This is a labour-intensive workplace.
We serve a unprejudiced society.
However, certain types of hypersensitivity, which are absolutely acceptable and commendable, may distort results, as you have presented them.
They themselves obviously have prejudices against the Church, and these things that you call 'deceitful' and 'raw' may be interpreted by others as well as an expression of power and vitality.
If you continue on the herumreitet, WHAT HAPPENING IST, IF ES HAPPENING IST, as if it had happened yesterday, would mean to take the country its essential vitality.
town walnut looked around while Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind his head repeated a LED-Schriftzug in Flamingorosa the advice that the had given to the country in the last quarter-century or longer.
smile to their neighbor, appreciate your partner, listen to ballads, visit musicals, take advantage of your phone, speak your phone, talk to you, tell you, you listen to, you agree, excuse yourself.
Talk is better than silence, the sung word is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
"I fully understand what you want," replied town walnut with a calmer voice when she was sure that her boss had spoken to the end, "and I say nothing more than that we are not as effective as we are deceiving ourselves.
My concern is that, without warning, we may find ourselves in the process of repeating the mistakes that were made at the very first of the WHAT, IF ES HAPPENING.
This time, however, it is not the others in which we forget our anger and our mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz shaped with the hands a pyramid.
In order to indicate a warning message.
"They go too far," he said, "if you describe acts as" errors "that our grandparents may or may not have committed.
They also go too far, when you say that they have left their "rage" and their "distrust" to "others."
It should not be necessary to remind someone in your position that we are talking about the past, such as the protection of the present, not of 'us' and 'other'.
There was no "we" and there was no "other."
It was a time of disorder, that is all we know.
"If we are honest with ourselves," durst town release, "no part of society can claim to have behaved well.
I do not accuse anybody.
Whether it has been done badly or well, what has happened has happened.
That was then.
There is no need to say anything more - we are in agreement on this.
And, just as no blame must be allocated, it must not be repaid if such a repayment is appropriate and if there is a way to wipe it out.
But what serves the past if we do not learn from it -
The past serves us to forget them.
If I may say something about this, I should like to say something about this.
Luther Rabinowitz rocked his pyramid.
"I will consider her report," he said and dismissed it.
On the next day, when she went to work as usual, she was ridden by a motorcyclist who, like passers-by, was in a kind of "brutal fury" on the footpath.
Chance exists.
Lesotho-Militärmitglied says that no coup is planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa.
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho argued that a coup d'etat was planned to overthrow the government, and said that it was against policemen who were accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled from the country and said that the army of the country had occupied its Amtswohnsitz and government buildings in the capital, Maseru.
The Premier brought his family to the neighbouring South Africa after he had reported of.
Secretary Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there is de facto no coup d'état, but the military on the threat posed by "political fanatics," whose armament was imminent by the police.
"What happened this morning was the commander of the Defense Forces of Lesotho, after having received several intelligence, that there were some elements in the police who wanted to arm some of the political, party-political young fanatics who were short of causing devastating damage," he said to Voice of America.
The South African spokesperson Clayson Monyela said that military action has made the impression of a upheaval.
"Even if no one claims to have hijacked the government by force, all the reports are agreed that the activities of the defence forces of Lesotho are showing signs of a coup d'état," he said.
Speaker of the military in Lesotho said on Sunday that the soldiers were in their barracks, and the situation in the capital was quiet.
In the meantime, the Deputy Mothetjoya Metsing the governance during Thabanes absence.
Thabane stated that he believed he had become targets because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country.
In Lesotho, there have been major tensions since June, after Thabane parliamentary sittings have been suspended because of the clashes in its unity government.
He said that his actions have not undermined the government, in spite of the accusations that have been made.
Production in the Eurozone on a 13-Monats-Tief
The increase in production in the euro area slowed down in August at the lowest point in the last 13 months, so a closely observed study.
The final economics Einkaufsmanagerindex of the manufacturing industry (PMI) fell to 50,7 in August, after a stand of first in July.
An indication of 50 gives an expansion.
New orders went back and factories were experiencing break-ins at a time of rising tension between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures take place before the European Central Bank (ECB) meeting on Thursday.
Markets are expecting a clear plan from the Bank for dealing with a reluctant recovery of the eurozone, as well as the threat of deflation in an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, could do more in the course of this week to consider a quantitative easing for the eurozone, according to those carried out by Britain and the US during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth, the restraining effects of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties have become clearer for manufacturers," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at economics.
The Fabrik-PMI for Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest level in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime, it fell in the second largest economy of the bloc, France, the PMI on 46,9.
France remains a problem child, as well as the descent of Italy from a solid expansion to stagnation.
Note that stimulus in the Schlüsselindustriemechanismus Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands no longer resort, are also not reassuring, "said Mr. Dobson.
The decline in industry is likely to fuel the fire of the analysts, who expect further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
A positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI has risen to 57.3, the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, Chefwirtschaftsexperte at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best thing that can be said for the Einkaufsmanagerindex of the manufacturing industry in the euro area of August is that the sector continues to grow."
He added: "Producers in the euro area are obviously difficult to find life at the moment, because the current heightened geopolitical tensions - particularly in relation to Russia and Ukraine - increase uncertainties in the continuing difficult conditions in many countries.
These increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and consumer confidence, and it is likely that some orders will be delayed or even cancelled, particularly large contracts.
He said that it is' increasingly likely 'that the ECB should eventually embark on a kind of QE, "though we suspect that this will be limited."
The Höllenjahrzehnt of the survivors of Beslan: ten years have passed since the terrible siege of the school, as the children of today are still suffering.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militias at a school in Beslan in Beslan.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world.
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the classroom in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific siege of the Beslan school, in which 334 people perished, including 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
As fanatical Islamist terrorists children and parents on 1 September 2004, the start of a new year, captured and killed, this seemed like the skull of evil.
The tragedy united West and East in revulsion, and then turned surprisingly into action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the classroom in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, even though the memory of this terrorist hell is going to haunt them forever.
Your greatest hope?
That the war that is now ravaging Ukraine - and in the children as they die - is now coming to an end.
The girl who was photographed in the attempt at the NGO sports bruised
She was photographed by the Russian religion Dimitri Beliakow and famous, when she tried only in her underwear, in the NGO sports bruised after a mine exploded.
Aida, after her mother, has been was, now 40 years old.
Both were deemed dead, but they survived.
"A woman told me that I was going to run my life, but I could not," said Aida then.
My legs were told.
I stood up and climbed again to search for my mother.
A soldier brought them in safety.
After a series of operations she felt completely healed, but said yesterday: "Three months ago the pain returned.
I am afraid I have to work again.
Some shrapnel are still in my knees.
Their aim is to become dentist in order to help the people, as they have been helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it did not break me," she says tear.
"That is what happened to me, and that cannot be changed.
Once a year I always go into the sports hall to remind me of those who stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about this in other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together as we were small, and dreamed of going to school together.
"I do not want to marry until I finish my studies and start my career.
I am thinking of a family later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it, although the memory of each year will be somewhat weak.
I am glad that many people in the world still remember our horror and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in Britain and everywhere.
When I look online at the photo of me, as I see in school zurückklettere, I think that many people will see it for the first time, understand our disaster and contribute to something that is not happening again.
The boy, who fled through the bullets, in the opinion that his mother was dead.
It was his first day of school (Russians go to school for 7 years) and survived the three-day siege in the poor of his mother Tamara.
As Native he said: "Mom told me, I should lie down when there was an explosion and keep their hand."
After an explosion he thought it would die.
She said to him: 'Run.'
Full of fear, she could be dead, he fled and saw on the way a little infant, took it at hand and fled through a bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who joined his son outside, said: "Damir told me that his mother died.
He said: 'I could not save them'.
In fact, Tamara was tripped up outside and with Beinverletzungen in the hospital, in turn, in the assumption that their son died.
After her reunion she said: "I wept for joy.
I could not believe.
He ran and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (from the now dissolved newspaper News of the World), to receive from the then Premier Tony Blair and his wife Cherie the title of a Barnardo's Children's Champion.
"This horror takes you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering," he said yesterday.
But I can say that it is pale in my memory.
I still know that I am using all my once.
But now I can play games with Schussszenen and this is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to go back to the sports hall, but I do not think about myself.
I remember these children, with whom I have played in the court, and who have not done it out.
We never say that they have been killed or dead.
We say that they have remained in the sports hall.
I remember my trip to London, especially to the toy, where I was able to choose everything I wanted, and the ride in an open car.
But now he is afraid of place like Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of misfortune that he and his friends have suffered.
This horror takes you every day, but I wish I could stop reminding me of it.
"I am sorry to all those who suffer from the barbarities," said Damir, who worked last week as a volunteer in a monastery.
I would like to help.
I want to go one day to the police and hope that they will take me next year at the Schulungsakademie.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children from our neighborhood have been killed, can you imagine?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there was simply no children who could call and walk, and this stillness lasted for many months.
She remembers her trip to London with Damir.
The people of London wept when I told our story.
I understood then how people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings and their support.
She was grateful Blair and her Foundation for the price and the opportunity to travel to London in the fall of 2004.
I wish I could call Cherie and you just say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember the meeting of her and her husband in London, and how the Damir and me helped me.
I still remember how Damir wanted to eat borscht and she wanted to once all local Russian restaurants.
I remember, as he played with waiters in a restaurant, Damir shot on her and she ran away and played with him.
And that was only one month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British were so willing to share our pain and supported us.
She said: 'I always think that this world has not become better in these 10 years.
War is now continuing in Ukraine, and people die every day, and I believe that many children have been killed and are still being killed.
These are exactly children like ours.
I think that for many of the war is part of the news that they hear when they are bored or preoccupied with something else.
I simply know what these people feel, all the horror.
And I can not stop feeling this.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other and that is so sad.
Damir was great and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not aggressive or furious at all.
For example, he does not seek revenge, he is not overwhelmed by the past abominations.
I know he does not like to remind him, but he has six close friends from the class and they occasionally go into the sports hall and ignite candles there.
When he was smaller, he suffered from it - I remember, as he sometimes put on the sofa, the face of us turned away, for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I still remember, as he did all his weapons and other Militärspielzeuge, Damir is now 17, bigger than me, handsome, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I was so sure for a few hours that he was dead and I would never see him again.
When I woke up after the explosion and came to the legs, I looked around, and saw the hell around me, with all the parts of the body.
I was absolutely certain that my little boy in this hell could have survived.
"I remember that I was Sudanese-born," Damir, Budapest, Budapest ," but I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he has heard it and he is away.
And so the life, unlike that of many others, goes on for us.
Sverdlovsk Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible image after the siege to the symbol of the Beslan ordeal has been seen.
Comfort: The Beslan-Überlebende Sverdlovsk Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege 2004, on the right a picture of Sverdlovsk
His blutüberströmtes face was frightened when he ran his life, while Chechen terrorists beat his classmates.
His picture was one of the most emblematic symbols of the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a health care professional, had sacked him for his first day of school before she rushed to bring her older son, Vladimir to the University.
"I left the court about two minutes before the terrorists stormed him, and so my little boy stayed there for three horrible days alone," he remembers.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they were all killed.
Only my Sverdlovsk managed to survive.
The closer this date is, the more difficult it is to think about it and talk about it.
There is no single day in which we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think it is long ago, I think it would happen yesterday, some scenes from these days keep me busy.
Nobody will ever forget that, I promise you.
intruder: The image of Sverdlovsk (left) was one of the most of the attack and was immortalized as a statue (right).
I remember that Sverdlovsk wanted to go to school this day, he said he wanted to hug his teacher.
I just knew that he was alive when I saw him on television.
And now there is even this statue of the weeping Sverdlovsk in San Marino.
Sverdlovsk does not like the picture, and it is hidden at home in the bookshelf.
I understand this, but I also mean that, thanks to this image, people throughout the world feel our pain.
Sverdlovsk says today: "It is important that this can never happen again.
"I doubt that we have ever experienced the truth.
People are constantly investigating such tragedies and never know the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of this Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused him?
This world will become a little bolder.
"I cannot understand how this is possible, because if you ask the people, no one wants a war, so what happens?
Ten years have nothing to do with such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget it a little bit.
It attacked my health and I still feel it.
About three or four years I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it was better.
I went back to school later in 2004 and had a fear of every day.
I thought to my friends and classmates who had been killed.
That is why I always go into the sports hall when 1 September is approaching.
I want to pay tribute to my old Kindheitsfreunden.
It is difficult for me to go into the sports hall, but I have to do it.
I do not feel as a victim, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I am not ashamed.
My life goes on.
I finished school this year and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I will be surgeon.
My first choice was an education in the army.
I wanted to become a soldier, but my health was not.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Sverdlovsk Fanijew, 20
The boy who survived, even though he was captured at the feet of a murderous terrorist.
A miracle: Sverdlovsk Fanijew was captured during the siege at the feet of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the sports hall and was sitting next to the bomb, which was fastened on the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It really is a miracle that he has not been killed.
"We feel as if it were yesterday," says Sverdlovsk, who wanted to go to the FSB, but who could not do so because of his health damage due to the siege.
It is still with me, it is not what I left behind me.
I am now older and people say that children can easily cope with bad experiences - I have to say that this is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists and I felt a little better after that, but I can " t forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005 - in the year afterward - was the first and only time that I went back to the sports hall.
I lost consciousness.
I will never return again and do not ask me to show you where I sat in this famous picture.
survivor: Sverdlovsk Fanijew today, with a photograph of himself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop.
My pain is incredible and I wear it every day with me.
My friends know that I do not like to think about it or talk about it and they never asked me about the school.
I think it is a good thing.
I should be careful with my wounded knee, but I can now run well.
But because of my health I was not able to study at the Geheimdienstakademie of the FSB in Saint Petersburg, as I wanted.
I have my documents, also the medical submission and they have replied that it is not possible.
My second passion was the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have been here for two years.
He learns the treatment of all animals "from cats to cows."
He said: "I knew that I would never tell my children about my experiences.
Children should not be aware of this and, of course, they should not suffer.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "This pain never leaves me.
It is in my soul, worse, when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go to the celebrations.
I know that Sverdlovsk will not go.
It must be much more violent for him, because he was there and I do not.
I waited at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he was returned to me, and here in Beslan all of them have been drawn.
It remains in us.
Sverdlovsk is now an adult, but this horror is still in him.
It is difficult to accept that if something is to.
He is a boy, he likes sport, but he cannot take part because of his knee.
He has been operating on several occasions, he can run, but no sport.
I would say that he has overcome the horror of 50%, but you can never completely overcome it and forget it.
This terrible experience will always follow us.
Many friends and neighbors have been killed in the siege, and this only reinforces my pain.
I have lost many people who I knew well and who were expensive.
My son is with me, and this is the greatest gift that God could make me, but my heart cries around the slain.
I know of families in which new children were born, but also of widows who never married again.
It is hard to accept that life will continue, even if you do not want it.
I will never forget how my heart jumped in me when I saw him in the hospital.
And now I see what is happening in the world - wars in other regions.
What are these people fighting for?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country, and I can hardly believe that.
We used to be a friendly country, how can it be that we are now fighting?
People and children are suffering, I am sure that many children have been killed in Ukraine and many have been killed.
If we can only use all of these rebels and throw them out - as far as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby, which has so far been carried in safety by a security specialist.
fascination: Aljona Tskajewa is brought into safety by a Russian Spezialeinsatzkommando (left).
It is now ten (right) and does not remember the cruelties at all.
The world held its breath in 2004 when the baby Aljona was worn in the poor of a Russian policeman from the siege of Beslan.
The terrorists left them, but in their savagery they kept their 30-year mother, the 10 Sister Kristina and their brother Makhar in the sports.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father, Ruslan, has been married since then, and with his new wife Svetlana a little girl named him after his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, today ten years old, does not remember the siege and has grown to an intelligent and happy girl, say neighbours.
"You are now a great happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to save them all the memories of the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
A man accused of running girls at S. in Fife.
A 78-jähriger man stands for the Überfahrens of a three-year-old girl on a pedestrian in Fife.
Gordon Steward is accused of having a girl on the transition in Pittenween in East Neuk.
The accusation is that Mr Steward has steered his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention, and the girl is injured.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, disputed the charges against the Sheriff Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC set up the procedure for January.
4 Tips for Better pictures and Videos
If you want to make photos or videos under water, there is a choice of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof waterproof, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or a Action-Cam like the A Hero3 + Silver Edition, which are both for about $300.
I recorded these photos at a family celebration with several cameras, all of which are available at a price of $350.
Independently of the equipment, there are some rules for the best results.
Control your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery pack and other compartments are closed.
Upload your camera to the photos or videos you want to capture.
Some cameras and camcorders have scene and home, with which the exposure time for the otherwise Unterwasserbedingungen is optimized.
And before you jump into it, check the depth of your equipment.
Some cameras are only allowed for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60 feet.
Find in our guide and the ratings for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Make NC - because many will not work.
Point-and-Shoot-Kameras have an LCD with which you can compose images, do not normally not.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see it under water, and the right Adjustment is a luck.
So you make a lot of pictures.
If your camera has a Reihenmodus with which a series of shots will be made with slightly altered exposure, you can use it.
Remain close to the surface.
The light becomes dramatically worse, the more you remove from the surface.
If possible, you will remain close to the surface if you take pictures in a pool, a lake or the sea.
This allows you to add more color to your photos; the deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Go close to the objects.
This is also a good advice to the country, but it is all the more important because of the poor light conditions.
It is very important for you to work with a Action-Cam: these devices often have a fixed Panasonic, which means that you need to get closer to your objects if you want to complete the whole picture area.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the variety whose character changed things, even in such a gigantic organization as the NHS.
As an advisory anesthetist, he dedicated his career to spare the sick both the agony of the disease and the agony of treatment.
Among his patients, his wife, was a MI6-Mitarbeiter, who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that the physicians are important to diagnose and disease, while the treated are mostly preoccupied with something else: pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one whose ordeal began.
"I did not feel," he wrote in May this year.
I had difficulties with me.
While he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he remarked that he was impatient with his wife, Juliet.
"I want to do everything better now than later," he recorded.
When Juliet was on a business trip for a week, Lawson felt very unusually and without reason to worry.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to carry out his breast.
Only two weeks ago he was in the French Alps for skiing.
The result of the radiograph was.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that attacks the Brustfell skin.
As with most cancers, the exact trigger is usually difficult to determine.
Whereas, for example, some smokers are developing lung cancer, not all smokers have been smokers earlier.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the trigger is a asbestos - contact with the Faserbaustoff, once known as "Wunderstoff."
For most of us, mesothelioma is a disease that can easily ignore.
Asbestos is, after all, a product of the past.
The most dangerous the has been no longer used in Britain since the 1960 " s, when the industry voluntarily committed itself to using it no longer.
Even where it was still used, only people in certain industries worked directly with the substance - plumbers, construction workers, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial Gefahrstoff from a different age, it seems unlikely to be even more worrying today.
But this complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it seems, is the culmination of a Mesoltheliom-Epidemie.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die of this disease than in road accidents.
Annual figures from the since 1980 and expected future deaths in the United Kingdom
The reason why we are seeing the deadly effects now, although asbestos has been illegal for years (1999), is the fact that a mesothelioma is developing only after decades.
And the scourge of the is not confined to former workers of the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is often still present in the houses in which we live, the offices in which we work, the schools in which we learn and the shops where we shop.
And therefore, mesothelioma does not know adapted, financial limits, professions or age.
The privileged bastions, from the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are not a shelter.
The Parliament buildings are asbestverseucht.
Even in hospitals, where we are supposed to be healthy, they have already been identified as Ausgangsherde of this deadly Karzinogens.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not a plumber.
It was indeed difficult for him to imagine where he could be in contact with asbestos.
Then he found it out.
"It looks like that in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I spent six years studying my training, a lot of asbestos was present," he wrote.
All - students, nurses, doctors and porter - use the tunnel.
One wonders how many of my contemporaries will suffer from the same illness?
Unfortunately, he was able to answer this question at least in part.
"From the four doctors who were trained at Guy's Hospital and who were sick in the last five years, he wrote in a letter in 2010," I am the last one who still lives. "
How many of us will become ill?
At Andrew Lawson, mesothelioma was diagnosed at the age of 48.
When he died on 17 February this year he was 55.
This was an unusually long period of survival.
Fifty per cent of all cancers are dying within 8 months of diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
So we can only repeat the Lawson question: 'How many of us will become ill?'
Britain " s leading expert in mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, assumes that, between 1870 and 2050, when the Asbestepidemie in Britain is expected to come to a halt, a total of 90,000 of the disease will be the victim.
Most of them have no idea at the moment that they will die.
A Asbestmine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick look at the files of the courts, to which the people concerned frequently turn for compensation, shows the extent to which the Scourge is already rife.
In June of this year, Marks & Spencer, for example, were able to expose Janice to asbestos.
She worked for nine years for the chain, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible for the Kleidungsabteilung at two locations - one of which was the flagship at Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years old when she started her activity at M & S.
Now she has two children in the twenties.
"Before this thing," she said, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I didn't really know anything about asbestos.
I never thought that would affect me.
There are few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the term asbestos is not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name derives from the word "Asbestiform," a description of the structure, which makes the fabric resistant and flexible.
Three of the six were used in construction.
chrysotile, also known as white asbestos, is the most widely used asbestos in buildings today.
It was used for roofing, interiors, Rohrisolationen, Boilerisolierungen, even for brake pads in cars.
It is less lethal than others, but it is still regarded by the EU and the WHO as a 'major health risk' with possible death.
However, sunscreen is the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world " s largest importer of brown asbestos, and pundits suspect that "it was clear, but indirect evidence, that this was a major cause for the uniquely high Mesotheliomraten."
A staff of Marks & Spencer was suspended at Oxford Street, London, Asbestos.
Janice Allen may not be seen as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that their history is not uncommon.
He has presented a study of those affected, stating that "a significant proportion of the mesothelioma, without a known suspension through work or in the House, was probably caused by environmental problems in the environment."
Most of these contacts are based on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It looks as if no one can be sure of being safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which has investigated the palace of Westminster, shows how people might have been exposed to the substance in the heart of the government.
In 2009, Goddard reported that the Serviceschächte and pipelines were contaminated with asbestos, whose lethal fibers could be caused by something as harmless as "strong meta-pattern."
Members of Parliament are often accused of taking care of their own interests, but here it seems that the opposite is true.
While the directorate of the Parliamentary Committee insisted that the Westminsterpalast have received a 'clean health', it is now undisputed that EUR 1 billion is needed over several years to renovate Parliament, to modernise the electrical installations and to remove asbestos, and that, after the general elections, the Members will be more likely to meet in the near future than on the green benches in Westminster.
The Goddard-Bericht also pointed out that 'the presence of asbestos has not been handled in accordance with the relevant provisions'.
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost.
All you can do is wait.
A person who was never able to determine the contact with asbestos was Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
Like Andrew Lawson, the 50-year-old Abbott predicts that he was exposed to asbestos during his work in hospitals.
"I worked in a hospital in which Asbestklagen was positively decided," he says, "but I can not prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all the places where one has worked and the data.
What he remembers is the day at the beginning of December 2009, where he got some kind of fever.
He was 45, and was carrying out an operation just late in the evening.
Suddenly I had chills.
It suddenly came.
I felt awful.
I thought it was no longer possible to make the trip home.
As a doctor, Abbott knew the pain of Brustfell, the skin around his lungs.
But, like Janice Allen, he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He did not go to work a month.
Verwunderte doctors made X-rays of his breast and put Pleurakathether in order to detect liquid from the lungs and to test them in the laboratory.
His complaints, however, remained without diagnosis.
His health was slow, and he returned to his job.
From time to time, however, the symptoms returned, often after sporting activity and intense breathing.
In 2011, a patient was diagnosed with similar symptoms in his practice and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But, even now, Abbott did not do so with his own case.
After all, his patient was older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The link in the case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott condition deteriorated again and his family doctor brought his CT-Scans and X-rays to a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott had felt ill for the first time, a probe probe was introduced into the cave between the ribs and the Brustfell.
I am an optimist.
I usually go on, "he says.
Frankly, I have not had so many concerns.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
The result of the skin biopsy was in the week between Christmas and New Year: "You told me that it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Diagnosis mesothelioma
Suddenly, Abbott had meetings with Macmillan-Krankenschwestern, one of which recommended him to become a lawyer.
Only now he understood the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very widespread, especially in large public buildings where tubes were often isolated with asbestos," he says.
The people exposed to asbestos in these buildings are now developing.
And so, mesothelioma now meets younger people who have not worked in the typical professions.
The most dangerous pipes with Asbestisolierungen in hospitals were below the earth, so patients were probably not exposed to the substance.
But many employees who moved from one building to another (like Andrew Lawson) or in underground canteens (as Graham Abbott often did) were most likely to get in touch with the poisonous substances.
It is apparent that, over several decades after the war, hospitals may have been chance for patients, but life-threatening for the treatment physicians.
It is still being removed today.
Students took their bunsenburner on Asbestmatten.
And it concerns not only hospitals.
Asbestos is often used in offices, shops, libraries and spaces due to its fabulous insulating and retardant properties.
Schools.
Indeed, many people have probably had the first Asbestkontakt in the classroom.
Everywhere in the country, in thousands of Chemiestunden, students have switched their bunsenburner to Asbestmatten.
On the web pages, the topic of asbestos in schools is now frequently mentioned.
And meanwhile, so innocent items in our homes, such as interiors or Schuppendächer, have been included in asbestos.
"It is a Industriegift that is contained in large parts of our real estate," notes Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who has been representing Andrew Lawson in his trial against Guy's Hospital.
In one case was the only contact one affected by an affected woman, the demolition of a Gartenschuppens in the 1970 " s.
So be sure how to remove your shed.
The effects of diagnosis and the knowledge that the disease is incurable is immense.
"It takes a while to process it," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to go further, but I realized that I was unable to concentrate on what I did.
I was in practice two weeks.
Then I knew that I had to go and I had to take care of myself.
Well, I will not experience another Christmas.
The greatest difficulty was the change of perspective from the position of a doctor to that of a patient.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how overwhelmed he was with all the information he had to cope with.
"It was very difficult to include everything," he says.
"I asked my doctor" how long I have? "
And there were about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "Well, I will not experience another Christmas.
That was the case. '
mesothelioma is especially treacherous because it is our Lebenserhaltungsmechanismus - the breathing itself - is causing the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by Asbestkontakt.
Asbestos consists of the smallest fibers.
When the asbestos is stirred and the fibres are inhaled, they can be set in the Brustfell, the skin around the lungs.
Asbestos fibres irritate the Brustfell and can trigger re-construction.
"The problem arises with the the asbestos fibers," says Professor Tom Treasure, a Herz-Thorax-Arzt who moved to the Guy's Hospital in 2001.
Exactly the hospital, which was suspected by Andrew Lawson, that it exposed him to asbestos, is now, ironically, a leading centre in the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others who were likely to be exposed to asbestos during their training in hospital.
As soon as the Asbestnadeln reach the tissue, Treasure says, they are pressed from the Atemvorgang to the edge where the skin is.
It is from the very beginning that it is invasive.
The usual options for other cancers do not work well with mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of an operation is, for example, hotly contested.
Some say that it is worth trying.
Treasure denies this.
"You cannot cut the Brustfell," he says.
You don't get around with the knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer is not very good at chemotherapy, "the" effect shows "but not heals.
"Sometimes there are Langzeitüberlebende," says Treasure.
But at the end they all die.
Fortunately, some patients actually live longer than expected.
Author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis, Graham Abbott is still fighting.
After he contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came in contact with Andrew Lawson who, four years after his diagnosis, had become a Ein-Mann-Unterstützungs- and consultancy for Mitbetroffene.
"Hello, Krebszentrale," he met with calls cheerfully.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis four years before and was still very active.
Originally, Abbott " s six Chemotherapiezyklen were offered, which lasted for four months, and his life is likely to be extended only by one month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, managed to keep things in a slightly more positive light. "
After consulting several doctors, Abbott decided to continue his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, Herz-Thorax-Spezialist on Guy's.
"We had an advantage by not having to be referred, I just shouted and got an appointment," there is Graham.
A normal patient would have to have a bank transfer and have to wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial in order to be able to take advantage of the best available therapies.
But if these treatments inevitably fail, many people are affected by another financial concern - about the future of the families that they leave.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous for health," says Morgan.
But what has changed in the 1960 " s is that it was recognized that even a very small burden was a health risk.
And here the negligence of companies began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital put their case in the end, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full compensation," because Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma was due to a Asbestkontakt on Guy's.
After the investigation into his death, a spokesman for Guy's, however, confirmed that "the asbestos fibres were removed in the 1990s in the 1990s."
That was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, it is a huge problem for those who are seeking compensation, a huge problem, the lethal Asbestkontakt of a company or a job - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed.
insurance can be lost.
And those who defend themselves against claims know that the time is for them, but certainly not with the plaintiffs.
In response to this, there have been clear new legislation this year, which makes it easier for Mesotheliom-Betroffene to claim compensation even if their former employers are no longer able to find them.
The law has established a fund of EUR 350 million donated by the insurance industry, which has been diagnosed after July 2012, can prove a contact, but can not sue anyone.
In these cases, the plaintiffs receive 80% of what a court in a normal Schadensersatzprozess could have been able to give them - about 120,000 pounds.
Approximately 300 successful applications are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks, like so many Mesotheliom-Betroffene, that 350 million pounds have been a "very good work" of the insurance industry.
"This is a deal of insurers for insurers," he says, and indicates that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay if the time had not been ignored and the companies could find them and sue them.
Mike Penning, then and Pensionsminister, also admitted that the law was not perfect.
But both Penning and Morgan have said that, in the face of seven fatalities, rapid action is needed on a daily basis.
"People are suffering so much and need help today," said Penning during the second hearing in December of last year.
At that time, Graham Abbott has been in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski for 19 months.
After her first deliberation, Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation, which he expects to have a positive effect in contrast to Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied by a radiotherapy therapy and chemotherapy - a therapy, with which Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate of up to 40% over five years.
Abbott felt stronger.
"This is, of course, the most important thing," says Abbott.
This can be seen again and again in patients.
There is something you can go on.
If you software, you'll get very quickly worse.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August, he had the last of the six Chemotherapiezyklen.
Nachsorgescans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were several Krebs-Flecken around my chest.
I was just 50.
That is not life-threatening.
That is lebensbeendend.
Again, Abbott underwent six Chemotherapiezyklen.
Now no trace of tumors is visible.
But the process is physically and psychologically very demanding.
They need to think about practical things - about the money, if I am not more, for example, or my wife show how the Boilerzeiteinstellung works.
If you receive bad news, you will be negative.
They must look forward.
As a father of modeling, 16, and Tamsin, 14, this is not always easy.
"For parents, this is difficult," he says.
It is hard to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I told my girl that I would have a disease with which I would not become old.
They reacted quite differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and impetuous.
She told her friends and we soon got a lot of calls.
modeling was more restrained.
She did not say much.
Such discussions are something that all cancer patients need to go through.
But, for Mesotheliomerkrankte, such talks are not driven by hope, not by a trail of hope for survival.
The disease (as in the end also for Stephen Jay Gould) is a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body einbalsamierter pharaohs in Asbestkleidung
Asbestos fibres used for the reinforcement of pans and for greater heat resistance.
Pliny of the elderly describes asbestos.
A tissue has been developed that is not combustible.
I can see napkins from it in the fireplaces in the fireplaces.
The use of modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to produce paper (also banknotes) and fabric.
Important Asbestminen will be opened in Canada and South Africa, shortly thereafter in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal Isolationsstoff for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global market economy is rising to more than 30,000 tons per year.
statisticians of Prudential identify an early death rate for those working with asbestos, which will no longer receive life assurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says that Asbestpartikel in the lung "without any reasonable doubt is the leading cause of death."
That is the first case.
Kershaws employers, Turner Bros Asbestos, assume no liability.
No compensation is paid.
During the Second World War, heavy ships are being built, one of the deadliest performances with Asbestkontakt.
Voluntary abandonment of the industry to the import of blue asbestos
An appeal court confirms the first successful Personenschadensersatzklage in Britain due to contact with asbestos.
The global market economy is rising to more than 4.213.000 tons per year.
Britain imports 139,403 tonnes.
A health and safety insurance company in the United Kingdom obliges all companies working with asbestos to be recycled.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in Britain.
Every use of asbestos is banned in Britain.
The Mesotheliom-Gesetz will be adopted in the United Kingdom.
A five-year plan of £350 million will be announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in many countries of the world as a well-priced building material.
Worldwide production is around 2 million tonnes a year.
China denies Hong Kong " s right to Regierungswahl, protesters swear retaliation.
On Sunday, the Chinese Parliament decided, despite the increased calls for democratic reforms, against the nomination of candidates for the elections in 2017 by the Hong Kong electorate.
This approach probably spurred the long announced protests in Hong Kong " s business district, while activists initiated the planning and mobilization within a few hours after the announcement.
The decision of the Chinese People " s Congress allows the Communist leaders to reject all not candidates.
"This is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," said or Emily Lau, Chairman of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Beijing had promised.
People have lied to the residents of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of China " s decision, Li Fei, Vice-Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the National People " s Congress, said that admission of public nominations in the elections to the Hong Kong government would be too messy.
Since 1997, when Britain handed over China " s control over Hong Kong, Beijing has promised to allow the inhabitants of 2017 to choose the Regierungsvorsitz.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision of Sunday as a democratic breakthrough, because it gives the citizens of Hong Kong a direct electoral law, but the decision also makes it clear that China " s leaders remain firmly in the hands of a tightly controlled by Beijing.
According to a new clause, only candidates, with love for the country and love for Hong Kong, are to be admitted.
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest and most violent protests in Hong Kong have been taking place for a number of years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is the movement Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to insulate the financial sector if Beijing does not permit a genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, hundreds of Occupy-Central-Anhängern were gathered in Hong Kong in a few hours after the announcement.
In the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement had reached a new stage of civil disobedience and planned them in the coming weeks.
However, they did not provide any details, apparently to avoid problems with the authorities.
In a Online-Mitteilung, the organizers shared that the movement "the occupation of the Zentralbezirks only had to be considered as last resort, an action that will only take place if all Dialogchancen are exhausted and no other choice exists.
We are sorry to have to say that all Dialogchancen have been exhausted today and the occupation of the Zentralbezirks will definitely take place.
The Hong Kong authorities have been preparing for the announcement of Beijing for days, and it was on Sunday before the government building tightened security measures, including police forces and barricades.
The unrest is accentuated by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they are slowly losing control over their city.
The influx of people from the mainland increases competition for products and services.
It is also growing that the values of Hong Kong, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are beginning to crumble under the growing pressure of Beijing.
Some criticised the demonstrations demonstrations, because they risked the business operations - the lifeline of Hong Kong.
"The protests they speak could cause major economic damage, depending on how many people are involved and how long they continue," said or Regine Ip, who has been criticising the movement for a long time.
We do not want to stir up fears that Hong Kong is out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
China " s state-controlled media also recently reported about Hong Kong " s activists in Hong Kong as a Western subversive agent.
In this summer, activists organised an unofficial referendum on the rights, in which 780,000 people took part - more than one-fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands of people took part in one of the largest Demokratiedemonstrationen in the history of the region.
The tradition of the in the US is now transferred to universities, where NBA performances are offered with the private.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand and to offer the UK " s first luxury services for students today.
In order to achieve a particularly impressive performance at the university, the company also offers Transportoptionen such as private, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also said that the service was a Sicherheitssparte.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who would otherwise have to pay their belongings in a dangerously overcharged car by the country.
Together with our new VIF-Optionen we look forward to ensuring that students reach the university with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury.
A Unternehmenssprecher said that no new bookings were made available, since the service was only introduced, but added that "students would book the service in the next weeks."
The company also informed that, despite the tuition fees of 9,000 pounds a year, there is a market for this offer.
Students today differ in their expectations and demands from the students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and with -Start you can exactly that.
The National the, however, criticized the service as a point of departure.
Megan Dunn, Vice-President of the NUS for Higher Education said: "This offer seems completely separate from the life of the majority of students.
Many students who start studying this month are exposed to a crisis of the cost of living because the available financial assistance in the form of credits and scholarships does not keep up with the sharply rising bills for the most basic conditions of life, before they can even think of spending thousands of pounds for as little as the arrival at the residence.
Feminists criticize race and Polizeiverhalten
The unarmed teenager was killed at the beginning of this month by a police officer in Ferguson, Mon.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang, "hands high, not shoot," while they waited before the funeral.
After three-week protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the shooting of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown noticed the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez a change in the playing white feminists.
According to their experience, white feminist commentators put the sex before the race when it comes to raising income and income inequality.
However, while tensions in the Middle West have increased and received attention throughout the country, Perez saw that the responses of white women turned to 100% around the race.
In comparison with the responses of black women shortly after the shots of 9 August, the personal essays with titles like "thoughts on Ferguson of a white woman" and "feminism is not only about the suppression of women" relatively late.
But for Perez, this meant an important change.
"I do not think that in feminism there is a lot of people who speak about the white and the privileges in such a high-class way," she said.
People felt compelled to say something about the events.
It is characteristic of the crisis in which we find ourselves, and because the situation in Ferguson is so ethnicized that they must express this.
For Englischprofessorin Koritha Mitchell from the Ohio State University, Ferguson " s problems have come to light that black women are exposed every day, but they are not considered as "women's issues" in the cultural space.
"I can publish something funny on Facebook about me and my partners and get 150 likes from anywhere," said Mitchell.
If I post something about how blacks are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to talk publicly about a relationship, but not about security in public space?" she asked.
For black women like Mitchell, the race, sex, and sexuality in the history of the US, there is no dichotomy between racial and Geschlechterproblemen.
For them, black women have not had the luxury of separating the themes neatly; they live in the combined reality every day.
While white women now associate the subjects of race and gender in feminist Mainstreamkreisen, Angela Hattery, professor of women and gender studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hattery.
White women had to be involved in history to justify the flair.
For Hattery, the split between white and black women came to the point where white fighters for women, such as Susan B. Anthony, analyzed the country in the late nineteenth century and discovered that the fight for electoral law could only be successful for one group: women or blacks.
"They met the decision to stand up for women's rights, and the right to vote for blacks should come later," said Hattery.
When you are reminded of such things, one with power is aware of why coloured women do not trust white women.
We did not do our job well.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women were given the right to vote in 1920, it took a decade for white women to compete against the C in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Cruelty.
The group was formed almost 40 years after the original request for help of black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell is the spate of white feminist reactions to the questions raised by Ferguson - Polizeiverhalten, racial discrimination - a mirror of the time in which white feminists were "catching" with the problems faced by black women for generations.
"Would it not be great if the activists who have such traditional feminist platforms have the right to educate a child as seriously as they do with the right to Empfängniskontrolle?" asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second generation, who built their careers in the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now trying to understand what that means.
The well-known white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pithy article by Rebecca Carroll, 11636 of Guardian, calling for more protests from white Americans on racism.
"I hope that women who have a different but parallel reason to understand one of the body's inherent danger - and opinions on race, which are clearly different in public opinion - will lead to change," wrote Steinem.
Although Steinem stands for a rather intersektionalen feminism, to be addressed in the race, as well as Geschlechterthemen, some of her comments about the grounds in America are perplexed.
Christina Sommer, Researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who Stole cyberfeminsm?" said to The People that young men in the United States, especially young colored men, "far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinems comments on Ferguson are in contrast to their previous criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But as the White House recently a small program, My Brother's Keeper, LSD, to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were irritating reactions from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police and the black community is not the only problem in the foreground.
After the US-Grenzpolizei almost 63,000 unaccompanied minors at the CHEEZ-al-PEEN-o of the country this year, the theme of the reform is coming back to the surface - this time as a women.
Andrea Mercado, IESG of We the Together, an organization that mobilizes women for the reform, said that for a reconsidered of the subject as an essential women they only need to publish the stories of the women.
"These speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of immigrant workers go to male immigrants, the women they accompany are in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories find an echo in women's organisations," she said.
"Schweine-Haus" in Ipswich stands for sale.
The image of a house was removed from real estate agents, when it became clear that there was a big pig that made it comfortable in the living room.
The detached house has a bedroom, is located on a private street in Ipswich and is offered for 120,000 pounds.
One of the details was a picture of the living room of the house - to which a pig belonged to his head on a sofa.
Real estate agent Connells said that the pig on the photo is the pet of the owner.
"The photo was published erroneously and has now been removed," said a spokeswoman of the company.
In the exposé of the house, Connells described the former Islet as a "unique one-family house with a bedroom."
Although the broker has removed the image from the website, it still appears on advertising material.
The at caused interest in the social media, as some wondered if the pig was included in the purchase price.
The SW-Stadt Harvey is home to Lottogewinn a new millionaire.
A fact from Harvey is this month.
The search for a new millionaire in the Southwest of Perth takes place with a lucky winner who receives almost $1.1 million from the Lottoziehung on Saturday.
A newspaper in Harvey moved for the second time in five years the jackpot in the draw of the first division, after 1 million $in November 2009.
However, the lucky winner still has to report.
The shop manager Steve Forward said, the profit is to speak in the small town in the southwest of Perth.
The city is talking about nothing else, and everyone is quite excited.
We thought that such a gain could happen.
Eight WA-Gewinner have celebrated profits in the first division last month, a fitting conclusion for a few happy weeks for the players in the state.
Last week, a player from Canning Vale became one of the five millionaires in August, after a couple of Belmont had reached $7.5 million a few weeks earlier.
The Siegerpaar had been playing for twenty years and said, the profit allows them the possibility of a world tour and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the WA this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Leonidas asked for the gladiatorial
Not only the gladiators were knöcheltief in the mud at the first Rheinbacher Römertag in the amusement park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract more than 1000 visitors yesterday, who defied the rain showers and the autumn cold and were completely overwhelmed by the historical spectacle.
There was a colourful parade of performances, performances, games, exhibits and information about the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the warlike Kämpfertruppe of the once "Amor Mortis," which used every Regenpause to demonstrate their robust Kampfeskunst in the soft arena.
Gladiatorenbesitzer "Leonidas" proved to be a humorous and expert II and sent his men in the ring to the heroic duel in various Gladiatorengattungen.
First were the "Provocatoren" in the series with Rechteckschild and the and career on the left leg and Armschiene on the right arm.
It was followed by the "Essedarii" with breastplate, the and Wurflanze as well as iron Gladiatorenhelm, leg and Armguard.
Particularly impressive was the appearance of the "Retiarius," which took place with Wurfnetz, tridents and dagger against the "Secutor."
As temples metallic the swords, the shields hand-bells and the Wurflanzen flew surrend through the arena, that a fear and anxiety could become the health of the gladiators.
But on the one hand the impressive "All," the muscular umpire, an always attentive eye.
"We wanted to revive the Roman everyday life and to experience the culture of Roman times," explained Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizer "Freundeskreis Römerkanal," the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation, the theme park for a day became a "Oppidum," a Roman city, such as Plevný Claus Wehage in his speech.
After all, the Romans brought not only war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings that we still admire today.
Remains of it were also visible at the Römertag, about "Aquädukt-Marmor" from the eleven meter high and 1400 meters long Römerkanal-Brücke, which stood at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus-Gesellschaft established the water and energy supply once and now, and the manager Petra Fricke knew: "We are still profiting from the knowledge of the time."
This is also confirmed by Diplom-Vermessungsingenieur Ralph saints from the "IngenieurteamZwei" from Rheinbach, the Vermessungsinstrumente of the Romans, such as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra.
The sketches in Lochlainn presented sketches and models from the excavations in 1894 as well as bricks from the Original-Hypokauste, the Warmluftheizung, which once warmed up the Römervilla.
Also impressive are the footprints, which were left behind by Wolf and Fuchs two millennia ago, before they burned down.
In 2011, the office of Bodendenkmalpflege at the National Office of National was excavated the remains of a Roman villa in the industrial park Nord in Rheinbach.
You have found boundary of a first with a pact for drying cereals and the.
The building probably belonged to a villa Rustica, an agricultural commodity, explained the archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A series of findings from these excavations presented them in a glass, including a large plate, several fine glass as well as parts of a delicate necklace.
The villa has probably existed from the first to the fourth century after Christ, until the Germanic of the Germanic tribes in the then Roman Rhineland.
At the same time the children were also involved with the Roman Windmühlenspiel, similar to today " s Mühlespiel, or they wrote, like the Roman students, their names with Metallgriffeln on wax.
At the booth of the Römerthermen Zülpich, the children mosaics themselves were able to tinker at the stand of the Glasmuseums Rheinbach the and at the stand of the centre Eifel Nettersheim a heavy Weizenmühle made of stone to grind the flour for a flat bread or a cereal.
At the end of the 19th century, the "Römer-Projektwochen" ("Römer-Projektwochen"), the "Römer-Projektwochen" ("Römer-Projektwochen") and the "Römer-Projektwochen" ("Römer-Projektwochen") were the "Römer-Projektwochen" (two).
With a Römerwoche from 13 to 21 September, the municipality of Wachtberg will also participate in the rheinlandweit of 2014, which will commemorate the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago.
Together with the home and Geschichtsvereinen as well as the Wachtberger Wander-Verein, the Partnerschaftsverein and the Laienspielkreis Oberbachem, there are several thematic hikes, a lecture, cooking and guided tours for school classes and a reminder of the Roman past.
For example, a Roman legionnaire is told by his work on the night Wachtberg, a plant as a living relic of the Roman era, and a witty lesson in terms of international understanding between a group of Wachtberger "Germanic" and in Romans.
The Adendorfer primary school is dedicated to the Römerthema.
With the Römerwoche, the numerous, but often no longer, visible traces of the Romans in Wachtberg can be seen again.
At the Wachtberger Rathaus there will be a small presentation to the fund of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola - The epidemic is affecting West Africa " s economy
The in West Africa is also a heavy blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned - and international companies are distancing themselves.
The devastation of West Africa is a serious blow to the economy of West Africa.
The harvest rotting on the fields, the mines are abandoned and the markets are orphaned - the virus has severely added the region.
Some international companies are already distancing themselves.
"The Ebola is not only a medical crisis, but also an economic," judge by the head of the African Development Bank, Donald fragile-state.
Liberia is the hardest hit
"It is a total disaster, we lose a lot of money," says Alhaji Bamogo, who sells on the second largest market in Liberia " s capital city.
On the market only, who wants to buy food or something for disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia has been hit hardest by the virus, on its own, the fever fell victim to more than 600 people.
Recently, health officials said that the disease had penetrated into every corner of the country.
The virus has also spread in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
In total, more than 1500 people died, thousands of others stuck.
Foreign companies are recruiting employees
Companies in the resource-rich countries are running their business.
Foreign companies like Arcelor " s Arcelor Mittal are withdrawing their employees, and several international airlines are no longer flying to the affected regions.
The local merchants and farmers are also reacting: only few merchants left their homes to obtain supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are under quarantine, they are rotting, among other things, for the export of important cocoa and coffee beans in the fields.
Farmers do not dare to leave their homes for the harvest.
Food is going to be scarce.
"People will always travel less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert for the West African economy.
The man, for example, who normally goes on the market and sells his vegetables, prefers to stay at home.
The population will therefore feel the consequences of the epidemic directly and acute: food becomes scarce.
In the markets, stocks of staple foods such as rice are dwindling.
At the same time, the region, which is heavily dependent on international companies, threatens to damage the environment - with far-reaching consequences.
The biggest danger is that international companies shun the area for a long time, says Philippe Bibliografia of the French Think Tank Iris.
What is important is how far and how long the virus will spread.
In the case of investors, the impression is that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, and thus also to invest, "warns Bibliografia.
The disease also interferes with the state budgets of the Member States.
The disease also interferes with the already strained national budgets of the countries concerned.
The credit rating agency Moody's fears that their budgets are heavily burdened by high spending on the health system, and in addition to the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank has already promised to help the health systems of the affected countries with $60 million (EUR 45 million).
Keeping are the effects already in Nigeria, where only a few Ebola-Fälle have been diagnosed so far.
It is true that the oil-rich region in the southern Niger Delta has so far not been affected.
But, elsewhere, many people remain in fear of contagion at home.
Reservations can also be made in hotels.
Sagittarius celebrates its 50th anniversary.
The 50th "fir" Berngau celebrates its 50th anniversary from 12th to 14th September.
The preparations for the 50-year 50 from 12 to 14 September are in full swing at the nearby fir.
It is planned on Friday, September 12th, a large beginning with the group "Dorfrocker."
On Saturday at 18: 00 the big Böllerschießen.
Afterwards it is in the large marquee of the Stimmungsabend with the "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam."
band cares for the music
Highlights on Sunday are the Zoltán and 9.30 am in the parish church and the big procession at 14.00.
In the afternoon there is also the ceremony of the federal and Gauschießens.
A particularly beautiful sight will be the 25 Festdamen with their,.
Festkapelle is the band Berngau.
The patronage has taken over the Mayor Wolfgang Wild and Secretary of State Albert Füracker.
The original name "Schützengesellschaft fir Berngau" dates back to 1907, when the club was founded on 21 March by the association for "social entertainment through exercise in the Zimmerstutzen- and Kleinkaliberschießen."
In 1937, the Nazi Party had led to the dissolution of the association.
Only in 1964, there were 19 young men who, on 30 April at the inn Lukas, raised the "new" nearby "Berngau" Berngau.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the association as a Schützenmeister through a difficult period of time, in which it was primarily a question of finding a spring and installing the Schießbetrieb.
Already in autumn 1965 the nearby started in the inn "Leininger" with two teams in the Rundenwettkämpfen.
In the following years, the sport shooters, which have now been organized in seven teams, were in all classes up to the 1st Gauliga.
The Vereinsrekorde prequel each year and the magic limit of 380 rings was achieved for the first time in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
As the performance of active shooters has increased, the number of members has also developed positively.
After the spring "Leininger" no longer satisfies the requirements of a modern marksman, the then Vorstandschaft under the leadership of Johann Rinn decided to create a future domicile in the cellar rooms of the new "Landgasthof Härteis."
After a work of 2700 hours on May 8, 1988, the priest Strasser for the new Schützenräume was awarded the church blessing.
One of the great highlights in the history was certainly the 44th 44, connected with the solemn consecration of the new Schützenfahne in July 1991.
On 23 and 24 April 1994, the nearby celebrated its 30th anniversary.
A Böllergruppe was established in 1995.
Josef Schmalzl was Böllerreferent.
A big challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the club as a whole was the orientation of the Bayerischer Böllertreffens 2005.
In many hours of volunteer work, the club members have modernised the rooms and the Schießanlage in the Berngauer Hof in the past year, thus bringing them up to date with the latest technology.
Eleven teams in Rundenwettkämpfen
The sporting achievements of the marksman can also be seen.
There are currently eleven teams participating in the Rundenwettkämpfen: six Luftgewehr-Mannschaften, a Luftpistolen-Mannschaft, a Sportpistolen kk1, a youth and two AH-Mannschaften.
The first team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi degree and Kerstin at is in the lap of 2013 / 14 from the Gauoberliga (highest league in the Schützengau GTCU) into the plays 1.
The 2nd team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml has risen from the Gauliga Nord into the Gauoberliga.
In addition to the shooting, events such as Bockstechen, made and Königsball, club and Christmas traditions.
With this, the archers are also at the festivals in parish and municipality.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident at the race track.
Tony Stewart's return to the racetrack ended roughly halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart drove for the second time against the wall, after his right front burst in round 172 and ended his evening.
Stewart drove his damaged car in the garage and left it without talking to journalists.
His team leader Chad Johnston said that his 14-köpfiges team is disappointed, but now concentrates on the race at the coming weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we had a better bet and a better result for him," said Johnston.
We drive to Richmond and hope that we will be able to do it better.
Stewart sailed earlier on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch in a wall and had to repair the right side of his car.
"I am today with quite good hopes of a good result," said Johnston and added: "It simply did not work."
Not long after the second accident, Stewart car was loaded into the traffickers and the team had packed and was ready for departure.
Stewart left three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car hit and killed another driver at a Aschenbahnrennen in the north of the state of New York.
He decided to return this week and win either in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond to win a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his work, during an investigation into the tragic incident that led to the death of the 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr.
The authorities agreed on Friday that the investigation into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
No decision has yet been made about whether Stewart has to reckon with a charge.
The three champion was received with great applause when he was presented before the race.
After a start on 12th position, Stewart had already penetrated into the first 10 and was temporarily placed on the spot four.
After a reboot in round 122, fell asleep.
Vehicles with the No. 18 except for control after the exit of curve 2 and clashed with Stewart, where both cars drove against the wall.
Stewart went on, but fell back to square 21.
sought के sought
Simply try out: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and Head Lisa Neitzel (from left) are looking forward to comrades-in-arms.
Like many other clubs, it is also possible to create the indie-rock in the TV channel of the full-day to the secondary schools.
After the summer holidays some groups have been heavily decimated.
Now more young people are looking for a sport that is healthy and fun.
In the two jazz and Modern-Dance-Gruppen of Lisa Neitzel, former dancer in the jazz and Modern Dance-Formation "Spirits," there are only nine children.
"Three in the group of eight to children, six in the group of derogation to 15-year-olds," tells the 20-year.
With more active people, the whole thing would be much more fun, "you could dance very different choreography," she says.
If you are interested in dancing, Thursdays can be between 17 and 18 o'clock or Friday between 17 and 18.30 in the Tanzsportraum at the former Hotel Meyer, Freistraße 9, without obligation to the Trainingsstunde If.
"Training starts on a regular basis," says the trainer.
After that, various choreography will be practiced.
JazzDance has the feature that there is no predetermined form and therefore is open for many styles.
Elements from folklore through classical music to sports and acrobatics are processed in the jazz dance.
Of course, conviviality is not too short.
"We are also going to eat, watch Tanzfilme and we have already stayed in the Tanzraum," says Lisa Neitzel.
In the group you can close friendships, share a beautiful hobby and do a lot for your own motor development.
To whom jazz is not so, can also be found in one of the other offers of TV Jahn.
Children and young people can always take part in the lessons in the areas of children / jazz, Bambini-Ballett, Videoclip-Dancing and Hip-Hop.
The Tanztrainer is Francisco Afonso.
Erwachsenenpaare are welcome to the Saturday on Monday and Wednesday.
If you are interested in Discofox, the waltz, Viennese waltz, beat, chachachá and Tango, you can stop and participate.
Bulgaria " s Bolzaneto protests protest nationwide
Hundreds of Gefängnismitarbeitern from all over Bulgaria have organised a nationwide protest in the capital city of Sofia in the capital city of Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands for restoration of their old working conditions, which have recently been changed.
Higher salaries are also on a make, which is to be discussed with the Interim-Justizminister Hristo.
The officials have protested since a month symbolically against the new working hours and call for a return to the former 24-Stunden-Schichten.
Despite the meeting between the unions of the Gefängnismitarbeiter and the representatives of the Justiziministeriums, no agreement has been reached, the national Bulgarian ratio (Spain) has been reported.
The negotiations are continuing, the Director-General for the implementation of punitive measures, roses of the Spain.
The protest of the Gefängnismitarbeiter is expected to be supported by members of the trade union association of the Ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian Army abandoned the airport of Luhansk
In eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters are still on the march.
After severe battles, which were allegedly also involved in Russian military operations, the Ukrainian army has given up today, Monday, the airport of the Rebellenhochburg Luhansk.
The army also informed that seven soldiers had been killed in the last 24 hours.
The Ukrainian President Petro Petro had previously drawn attention from the severe defeats of his army in the fight against the separatists, and announced changes in the top army, without mentioning details.
Prorussische separatists shot
In the battle against Ukrainian government troops, pro-Russian separatists have once again downed a fighter aircraft and two military helicopters.
Some 100 soldiers have also been injured or killed in the region of Donetsk in the region of Donetsk, according to the insurgents on Monday's Russian agencies.
Ships of the Coast Guard
The insurgents also claimed to have sunk two boats of the Ukrainian Coastguard in the Sea of Azov for the first time.
Ukrainian border guards confirmed that two of his ships were under attack on Sunday near the port city of Mariupol.
Seven guards had been injured, a spokesman in Kiev told the station the
Two crew members were considered missing.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists also reported that several towns in the area of Donetsk have been under their control.
Diplomatic Offensive in Minsk
In the Belarusian capital, Minsk today is the Ukraine-Kontaktgruppe.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE, there should also be an envoy to the separatists from eastern Ukraine.
In advance, all the players used their appearances for public disclosure of their demand.
NATO does not want agreements with Russia
NATO will not break its agreement with Russia by the planned County in Eastern Europe as a result of the contingency.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels that NATO is at the helm of the Council of 1997.
The NATO-Chef, however, accused Russia of "a flagrant breach" of the agreement.
"Today, we must face reality that Russia does not regard NATO as a partner," says Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from the Russian side, it appears that they see us as an adversary.
Stronger fact
Rasmussen has also announced that it wants to strengthen the fact in Eastern Europe.
At the NATO Summit in Wales, "Readiness Action Plan" will ensure that "we will have more visible fact in the east, as long as this is necessary," said Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new Gasgespräche
Russia and Ukraine have, according to official information, agreed on new talks to settle their dispute.
The negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak said on Monday.
It is still waiting for a decision of the European Union, whether it is also a representative of the talks.
Due to the dispute over the price of gas, Ukraine has received no fuel from Russia for weeks.
Last but not least, for Günther Oettinger has mediated between the two sides.
Ukraine had warned that Russia could also cut gas supplies for Europe.
Europe is about a third of its natural gas from Russian sources, of which a large part is flowing through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks Power Word: toll is going to be "quite clear"
Now the Chancellor is clearly committed to this.
It is not, however, a licence for all the complicated details.
Christian Democrats in the Christian Democratic Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats are increasingly sceptical about the Christian Democratic Party (Christian Democrats) and the CDU.
Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel has spoken, after continuing opposition from her CDU, a power station for the introduction of a toll.
"To make it quite clear: you stand in the coalition agreement, and they will come," said the Parteichefin on Monday after meetings of the CDU-Spitzengremien in Berlin.
But, for the time being, Merkel did not lay down on a detailed model.
In the black-and government program, "certain parameters" are called.
stand Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) has made a proposal and is now working on it.
The NRW-CDU, however, is insisting on its' no 'to a toll on all roads.
Merkel, as well as Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU), has been constructively engaged in the deliberations of a bill.
In addition to the topic, he also talked about other possibilities to enable more private capital for investment in infrastructure, including the broadband.
"At the end of the day, the" Spiegel "report was left behind, and his house is looking for a new concept to remunerate Autobahn-Investoren with tolls - after the election in 2017.
CSU-Chef Horst Seehofer then warned against the lead minister in the Cabinet against the lead minister.
CDU-Bundesvize Armin Laschet confirmed his objections.
"The coalition agreement never went out of all circles and highways to charge," said the North CDU-Landesvorsitzende.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer has now announced to speak again on the subject.
Opposition to the plans also comes from the CDU-Landesverbänden Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
There are fears that a toll will affect local border traffic to neighbouring countries.
Seehofer had asked for the Mautkritik of the CDU Koalitionstreue.
The left sees the plans as a failure in the face of the dispute in the Union.
"The Murks-Maut is dead," said leader Bernd Riexinger of the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"With the toll failed the minister," Dobrindt wants to introduce a toll on all German roads to start 2016.
However, 8kn car owners may not be subject to additional charges according to the agreement.
Therefore, they should receive a full compensation for the toll via the motor vehicle tax.
The model must not, however, discriminate against foreign drivers under EU law because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder Often wrong
One British says that she thought as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years that it would die.
Karin Rodgers lived almost her entire youth in the belief that she lived only a few years after she was diagnosed with another illness.
It was actually suffering from the Charcot-Marie-Tooth-Krankheit (CMT) - a group of ererbter disorders that damage the nerves outside the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK announced that wrong is a frequent problem with people with CMT, because so little is known about this disease.
About 23,000 people in Britain are likely to suffer from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscle, an unsafe gear and curved toes.
The disease is incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms are worse.
As Rodgers 13, she believed that she was suffering from Friedreich-Ataxie (IAs) - a disease with very poor chances of survival.
Rodgers thought she would sit in a wheelchair before she was 18, and died before her 30th birthday.
The mother of two children who is now 51 years old, said: "As a child I knew I could not do the same thing as the others.
I was constantly falling and everything took me longer.
I could never ride with the other children rollerblade-riding or skateboard and was often done in school because of my way to go and run the.
Rodgers said that in the age of 13 years after several operations to discharge their tendons and stretching their feet their records ways, when their doctor had left the room and read that they suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I didn't tell anyone, but I went home, looking for the disease in the library and wrote to the FA-Gesellschaft," she said.
When I received an answer, I was shocked and shocked to panic.
I thought that I would be with 18 in a wheelchair and dying with 25, and in between slowly losing all my abilities.
I made all of this with myself and planned my own funeral.
She said she was 17, she became aware that her abilities had not decreased as much as she had imagined and inquired of her doctor.
He stood up and hugged me and said, "my love, I do not think you have that, otherwise you are already in a wheelchair."
I think you have a little less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests, the CMT was detected.
"When he explained what was CMT, I felt as if I was a winner," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT-Awareness-Monat to draw attention to this disease.
Stabsfeldwebel, for example, D. Berni AsianCultureLink has been working as Every since the closure of the former the.
For almost ten years, no more has been shot at the former 2008 in Soft-tex.
Nevertheless, every month there is a lethal ammunition at the heart of the Biosphärengebietes Alb.
The shells are sometimes so dangerous that they need to be blown up on site.
A deafening burst in the explosions at the heart of the Biosphärengebietes.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot fell on the 2008 Soft-tex, which was closed at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military operation.
Since that time, the 6500 area has been the centerpiece of the Biosphärengebietes Alb, which is open on 13 designated paths for hikers and cyclists.
Taxation of businessmen in the space of Washington is rising with economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local authority for business in the country grew slightly last year, while economic recovery accelerated, so a newly published study last week, and the companies in the Washington area were no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia have paid $27.6 billion to government and local authorities in the financial year 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent over the revenue from 2012 to $26.6 billion.
The state and local tax burden of business increased by 4.3 percent to 671 billion last year, compared to 3.9% in the previous year, and it was the third consecutive year after the several years of decline in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes increased more than the local taxes, by 4.3%, according to the study carried out by the service Ernst & Young with the Center for State Taxation, a Steuerpolitikgruppe.
More than half of the country " s tax revenue, 56%, comes from corporate taxes, while 36% of revenues come from companies.
Virginia, with 28%, generates the lowest tax revenue from companies.
Much of the increase in tax revenues is justified in a recovery of corporate profits, say the researchers, which led to an increase of 3.7 by 3.7% this year after the three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1%.
While a large share of these profits from large states such as California, New York and Texas, the process also appears to be the case for Washington.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia have paid more than $10 billion in government and local Immobiliensteuern last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - an increase in the course of a year by 4.2 percent.
But the apparent recovery at the property in Maryland is not so effective in increasing government and local tax revenue, as the US economy is in excess of more than one-fifth of corporate profits.
Businesses in Virginia and DC pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of Immobiliensteuern.
"In Maryland, the following: a large part of real estate, especially in the frontier area around DC, is either owned by the government or non-profit organizations that do not pay Immobiliensteuern," said Douglas Lindholm, Managing Director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely much more on income taxes, for example, to be able to offer the same services that other countries offer.
The recent recovery in tax revenues by businesses cannot be attributed solely to the recovery of the property market.
Unternehmenseinnahmen also seem to recover, so the data.
Companies in the region reported about income taxes of $2.3 billion, compared to 2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took $1 billion in Unternehmenseinkommenssteuern, the highest amount in the region.
As the trend moves in the same direction, the local tax burden on businesses does not grow evenly across all three places.
The road in the district corresponded with 4.3 percent to the national average, while the increase in Maryland was significantly higher, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported a subpar tax revenue of 4.1 percent.
Virginia, with 6% in all three Amtsbereichen, has the least Unternehmenseinkommenssteuern (in all three there are fixed rates).
The Unternehmenssteuersatz in Maryland stands at Dura-Flange percent and in the district at relatively high Sullivan percent.
A similar study by the US-Handelskammer at the beginning of this year showed that in Virginia, lower government and local business taxes are required, and a better environment than in Maryland.
In the study the district was not investigated.
Despite its advantages, Virginia is under pressure from its southern neighbor.
North Carolina has adopted legislation to reduce its corporate-tax rate this year from 6.9% to 6%, the same sentence as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5% next year.
If the state continues to reach its Einkommensziele in the coming year, this law could reduce the state " s state monopoly by up to 3% by 2017.
In the meantime, it seems to be better for small businesses in the area of Washington, and they are therefore paying more government and local taxes, so the recent study.
Corporate taxes, which are paid as a personal income tax by small businessmen - a institutions, after which most small businesses are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia last year increased by 20 percent to $2.4 billion, a significantly faster rate of growth than corporate taxes as a whole.
Researchers say that the trend and increase in corporate taxes across the country is likely to continue this year, with an increase in overall government spending for the state and local governments by 6.2% in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
Nevertheless, the space of Washington could lag behind if the federal government " s fiscal retrenchment has an impact on the labor market in the region.
town: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - also a popular combination in China.
German beer has an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt " s twin sister in China now wants a brewery, and is also hoping for a Flug-Direktverbindung between the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's twin city Guangzhou - this is the urgent wish of the officials in China.
"We would be very pleased if a German brewery would settle in our city," said the Vize-Parteisekretär of the South China metropolis, Li Yiwei, this week when visiting a the in his city.
Time and again, the official official of China " s ruling Communist Party came back in the course of the call to address this concern.
Guangzhou, which is also called the canton in Germany, is one of China " s richest cities,, Li.
That is why people also have the purchasing power to be able to afford German beer.
The Hessen Platzeck Thorsten Paparazzi, who led the German Politikerdelegation, said to the host that he will become a partner in Germany after a possible partner for the project.
"For beer it does not need much: good water, grain and joie de vivre," he added at the lunch with the Parteioberen in Guangzhou.
This joie de vivre is already in the hands of Mr. Li, he flatter the host.
As a result, the official official from Guangzhou with Paparazzi, but with a red wine that was served to eat.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to Germany.
Tsingtao-Bier is brewed according to German purity law.
More commercial transactions
A second wish of the Chinese host would be a Flug-Direktverbindung between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said Vize-Parteichef Li.
Lufthansa had offered the flight earlier, but it was cancelled in 2012 for economic reasons.
'It would be worthwhile', the local councillors were convinced.
"The business dealings between our two cities continues to grow."
At the moment, travellers would have to take the detour via Changsha in the province of Hunan, sued Li.
The administration of the province of Guangdong, whose capital is Guangzhou, is also hoping for flights.
The Vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, put this wish in his conversation with the Social Democrats in the foreground.
"This is a very good idea," replied Paparazzi - the Chinese vice-minister Li Jinjun, an intimate connoisseur of Germany, nodded approvingly.
Neat partnership
The portico-ed Vize-Parteichef of Guangzhou hopes that he will be able to visit Frankfurt in the next year.
Li Yiwei was already on the Main, but not yet in this role.
He came into office only this year after his predecessor had been promoted as a result of corruption charges.
The local leader, Wan Wan, also had to go.
The action against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and administration, which is being rigorously enforced by Head of State Xi Jinping.
The new leader, Li Yiwei, had worked in front of his the for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Chinese Communist Party.
Before joining Guangzhou, he worked as a propaganda in Fujian, where the VW Beetle built a large factory.
Frankfurt has officially entered into more than a dozen town-twinning activities.
The connection to the Guangzhou remote is one of those that are maintained by both sides, for example, with a student exchange.
Last year, the 25-year anniversary of the Sino-German connection was celebrated.
The China metropolis on the Dynasty is almost as strong as the whole of Hessen with its economic clout.
Next year they want to reach a gross domestic product of EUR 250 billion, reported Li.
The family of Joan Rivers "expresses the thumb"
Joan Rivers has been unconscious in a hospital in New York City three days ago, but her daughter has been hopeful today that she is recovering from her illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Rivers today in a communication.
We all keep our fingers crossed.
Her mother was reportedly hospitalized on Thursday after an emergency due to stop in a clinic at the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, in the Mount Sinai hospital.
The doctors consider them intentionally sediert and under closer observation until they are more satisfied with their condition, which continues to be described as "serious."
The reactions came from many sides, even in the form of an overwhelming Online-Supports of Donald Trump, Montelliana Williams and Kelly Ripa.
friendly vacuum cleaner and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners, which are now coming into trade, stricter environmental standards will apply in the future.
Similar to refrigerators and washing machines, new vacuum cleaners from 1 September have a label on which the purchaser can detect key data such as energy efficiency of the device.
For new cars, the class "Euro 6" will apply to new cars.
In addition, there is more money for the Scaffolders: they receive a nationwide uniform minimum wage of EUR 10.25.
Amazon buys minutes for $1.04 billion.
AMAZON confirmed what was reported on Monday morning: The online - and the, and a lot of other things - buys the Videostreamingdienst minutes for $1.04 billion ($970 million).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because nobody expected a takeover of minutes, but because it was widely believed that YouTube would buy the company.
Three months ago, it looked as though the sale of minutes to the Google blog of Google for a cool billion was decided, and cooperation also seemed natural.
minutes, which was founded only three years ago as broadcasting, was launched as a general Streamingdienst - a version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for players who wanted to publish their favorite games in games, a "Youtube for live games," so an insider.
The Twitch-Schnittstelle.
And "let's play," a Videogenre, in which knowing-better (mostly older) games give a painting of Geheimwissenschaftstheater, are already very popular on YouTube.
It's just so that YouTube is often called when you want to describe minutes, so the news that YouTube minutes wanted to buy a little bored, a textbook of an established Technikunternehmens that buys a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube did not materialise, as the company reportedly was willing to pay as much as Amazon.
All we know at the moment is this statement by Fusion-Band belonging, president of minutes: "We have chosen Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision and they want to help us get faster."
Another secret, to be honest, is the incredible success of minutes.
For snobs like me who say that they prefer to ride sports than watching it, it is hard to understand the attraction that comes from watching other games instead of taking the Kontrollkonsole into the hand.
It is one thing to watch a friend at 3 o'clock in the morning, while she sneaks through Resident Evil, and something quite different to watch a Spinner as he shot 20 times in Call of Duty.
You could see all these games right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are Ego-Spiele, so it can be a good recipe for headaches without your own control over the Blickperspektive.
I admit that the sweeps, in which the Roger Bannisters of our Elektronikzeitalters play all the games in record time, are entertaining.
But as long as it is not a game or video game, its Twitch-Kanal is probably not so interesting.
But what are sceptics like me already?
minutes is called by 55 million different visitors per month and is the fourth-largest source of Internetverkehrsspitzen.
And how exactly does Amazon want to make money?
It is hard to imagine that minutes will be integrated so elegantly in Amazon Instant Video, such as YouTube minutes could easily swallow.
But minutes has something that every company would have liked: thousands of young men who are being courted as advertisers.
As the chairman of minutes, belonging, said, Amazon and minutes "both believe in the future of gaming," and the medium shows no signs of shrinkage, not yet - schluck - as sport.
On Saturday evening there was a lot of things going on in the Burggartenfest.
The concept of the organisers agreed.
Despite the strong downpours on Saturday evening, an estimated 1200 music fans came to the Open-Air-Fest in the road.
Occasionally the entrance had to be stopped.
"That was annoying," said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel l light and fun.
From two Spanish words, Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem have formed the name Amula.
Because the Open Air in the Salzwedeler road is supposed to radiate brightness on the day and in the evening through various shows.
Well, and the fun comes anyway alone.
This was already apparent at the early Saturday when the first visitors to the Open Air whereas.
A feast for all generations had promised the organizers.
And that is what they have been able to do.
Around the Versorgungsstände on the Burggartenwiese there were Salzwedeler, but also guests from the nearby and further surrounding.
They followed the first live performances, wippten with the foot in the clock, enjoyed cool drinks - short: pure relaxation and enjoyment were required.
And this across generations.
While there is a ceiling on the extra white sand at the beach bar lümmelten, others in a quarter of wine in the Vinothek labten, the offspring of the bouncy, which was a great attraction for the smaller guests.
But even with the painting, the volunteers in the truest sense of the word had to do their hands full, to get the crowds and to conjure up imaginative creations in the small faces.
The larger ones used the Wider or participated in a Skateboard-Workshop, which the the Goodfoot-Crew from Salzwedel.
Until the big rain came.
Shortly before 5.30 pm he down to the visitors, especially families looking for the vastness and dry.
But the attractiveness of the festival did not stop this.
"There were more people than expected," said Ron Sem, who spoke of a "success on the whole line."
That is why a repeat of the big party next year is not forthcoming.
Although it still needs to be worked on the content and size of the event, it was clear in a first record on Sunday to the Volksstimme.
As a nuisance, he said that the admission had to be stopped in the meantime.
Apparently the security had been booked with too little force.
As a result, some people who had already paid no longer came to the site.
The response was very good.
In a first tentative estimate, the Salzwedeler co-organizer of about 1200 visitors spoke in the road thronged.
There were problems with the sound equipment.
The Salzwedeler blocks blocks' n 'Rox, therefore, broke out enervated.
The technicians were unable to create a reasonably reasonable sound.
The planned Shisha-Lounges could not be built because the tents could not be brought to Salzwedel because of a puncture.
"In the next year they will be there," so the organiser.
The premiere of the Amula-Open-Airs was more than successful in the number of visitors.
And that in bad weather.
However, the organizers have made a number of mistakes that will still be forgiven for the first time, but have to be eliminated in the second edition.
Also in the social network of Facebook, the organizer must be criticized.
"Sorry, but for twelve Euro you just want to be expected more," Melanie Meier will say on the events page.
"You have taken a bit of it," says Ele Zimmermann at the same place.
Others do not look very closely at the initial problems.
I think it is very good that some people are not just stupid, but actually trying to put something on their feet.
Beware, "writes Stephanie Jenß to the Amula.
It is now a year for the organisers to put a stop to these criticisms.
New Radom in Berkum: Wachtbergs landmark
That is not the case at all.
On the other hand, the integrated part is waiting to be used in the prominent building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: almost 50 years after the construction of the Weltraumbeobachtungsradars TIRA the casing, the so-called Radom, is completely renewed.
The new Radom, with a diameter of 47.5 meters, will be slightly smaller than the old one.
The size, however, remains world record.
The last step to complete the new shell is the Kappentausch
The upper part of the old shell is separated and removed with a crane.
After that, the last quarter of the new shell will be set up.
As far as the weather is concerned, the action should take place at the beginning of this week.
participant on the participant dislocates
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screamed so much when her cold water was cast over her head, that she was hurting her face.
This Ice-Bucket-Challenge was painful next to it.
A woman was hospitalised to the hospital after she had cried so much that she was wearing the jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from Britain sparkmage so much when her cold water was cast over her head, that she violated her Gesichtsstruktur.
"The water was so cold that I screamed, and while I was, my jaws remained simple," she said to The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but that was not the jaw was top, and then I understood that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister saw this also and made laughing almost in the pants, but I had to go to the emergency room.
The 20-year from Great Britain was hospitalised in order to allow the jaw to be resurrected after taking part in the viral trend on Tuesday.
The clip was linked to a Internetsensation and a thousand times on Facebook and Twitter.
Will the Burgvereine again be pulling in the same direction?
Last but not least, there was a dispute between the two warring factions.
Now the board members are thinking about possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolfratshauser castle, the late Richard Dimbath, former chairman of the Wolfratshauser Burgfreunde, took the project in the French Guédelon.
A year ago, there was no good climate between the Burgverein and the Burgfreunden.
At the same time, the points of view of the history of the Wolfratshauser castle and possible reconstruction have to be dealt with in a very different way.
Now the two camps are moving: there should be discussions on a common approach in the near future.
This is confirmed by the Vereinsvorstände Torsten Stockaryd (Burgverein) and Herbert Piffl (Burgfreunde) on demand of our newspaper.
"I phoned Mr Piffl and suggested that we could sit together," says Stockaryd.
In his view, all the members of the two clubs could pull together again in the future.
As a result, progress has been made more quickly.
While the Burgfreunde, the late Richard Dimbath, until the last time a reconstruction of the castle on the mountain massif, has been in the forefront for the Burgverein, the "development und Erlebbarmachung" of the terrain is at the forefront.
Herbert Piffl, second chairman of the Burgfreunde, has been very pleased about the call.
He has been in charge of the Burgfreunden since Dimbaths death.
A new chairman is to be found in a general meeting in the middle of September.
At the moment, the club has a population of about 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath, we have left the Portland out of respect at first," This "was necessary to think about how to proceed.
According to Piffl, the new chairman should then go into the conversation with the Burgverein.
Until then, the Burgfreunde could also make a current the within their group.
There is still no candidate for the Presidency, says Piffl.
"But I am confident that someone will find himself," he does not want to stand, because he has his domicile in Bad Tölz.
The new chairman should be a Wolfratshauser.
The Toelzer wanted to participate in the project "but very much to work."
The various points of view on reconstruction will probably remain in the near future.
He praises Dimbath as "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
Through a high participation of the population, as well as by volunteers from all over the world, they are a tourist.
Piffl: "I was also sceptical at the beginning.
But in the course of time I am more and more convinced that it makes sense to advance the project.
There is nothing else there.
In addition, the project could be financed by EU, pass and potential sponsors.
"The idea of reconstruction does not, therefore, want me to simply throw it overboard," he hopes that the Burgverein will perhaps be slightly moved on this point.
Their goal, first to document history, is "is important and good."
After that, it could be there.
Smart ways to save at Uni-Lehrbüchern
As the cost of Uni-Lehrbücher for many students is more than $1,000 a year, the Fast-Zweitsemesterstudent Matt Schroeder pondered a clever Sparidee.
He invented a Leihsystem for books of students of higher semesters and offered a nominal compensation to delay the went.
"My Mathematikbuch normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-Keks," said Schroeder, 19, who attended the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester would have cost him $430, he said.
He gave $120.
The Collegeleitung informed the students on average more than 1,200 $per year for textbooks and study, but for the students there were different Kostendämpfungsoptionen.
Online-Läden and creative approaches such as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for students.
The renting of textbooks is becoming more popular, so students can use a book for a semester long, often at a much cheaper price than buying.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 Universitätsbuchläden, announced that the hiring of textbooks has doubled since 2011.
Polls in the industry show that around a quarter of the books were rented in the College-Buchläden in the past semester, said Neebos Vice President Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all textbooks are purchased by the Amalgamation National Association of College Stores in Campus-Buchläden.
Here is the multiplication for the best deals.
Buying online
Some new books cost online only one third of the price for which they are in the Campus-Buchladen.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" Debian Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, but can be taken with the specialist Lehrbucheinzelhändler Chegg.com for $239,99.
Used to buy
If one of the notes of other or normal usage tracks, then used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is needed on Chegg.com for $93,49.
Matt Casaday, 25, Abschlussstudent at Brigham Young University, says he spent on Amazon.com 42 cents for a used edition of "Strategic Media Knova: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was sold for $48.
Professionals such as Ingrid Bracey, Head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls recommended students to ask their professors whether earlier editions are admissible.
Sometimes the updates for the many are not relevant.
In such cases, older editions can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest issue.
In addition to Chegg and Amazon, Half.com of eBay Inc is a popular alternative for used books.
rent
The renting of textbooks is worth considering if you treat them reasonably well, remember to return them and do not want to keep the books after completion of the course.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased book.
For example, a student could rent "Calculus" for the duration of a semester for about $20.
Inform yourself about the provisions of the business in which you rent, including the fines, which may apply for writing notes, underlined or usage tracks.
attention: If you do not return the book, the fines can even exceed the price of a new book.
e-books
Even e-books instead of conventional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes these books are rented de facto by providing an electronic license for a certain period of wholesalers such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
At Chegg you can rent "Calculus" for 6 months for about $61.
Bracey says that students in Literaturkursen often find the best offers, because many classics can be downloaded free of charge today, while scientific and engineer-scientific textbooks can be very expensive.
Look at each case.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon be attending the Pepperdine Law School, recommends the ISBN ISBN for books, because you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And before an online order you should check whether the book is actually in stock.
He learned this lesson on the hard tour.
He bought a book that had four weeks of delivery and finally paid the full price in the College-Buchladen.
Why "BlizzPlanet of the Galaxy" not a blockbuster
"The Expendables 3" from Sylvester Stallone played less than $30 million of his 90 million dollars in the U.S., while "Sin City: A Woman to Kill For" only $12 million of his budget of $70 million.
The film "Sex Tape," which was adapted to Cameron Diaz, played only $14.6 million, while films, like "Drachenzähmen easy," also failed to disappoint the income.
An article by the Telegraph-Filmkritikers Robbie Collinetta indicates that the lack of quality in the films could be the reason for the lack of quality.
Collinetta called 2014 as "the worst year" so far for films and described "Drachenzähmen easily made 2" as pure "functional" Fantasy-Fortsetzung.
In the case of films for a slightly older target group, however, it seems as though the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore- and Metacritic-Bewertung for each Sommerfilmstart, which was shown between the American Memorial Day and the 20th of July 2013 and in the current year at least 2000 canvases.
The results are based on the opinion of the audience and film, and indicate that this year " s hit are equivalent to those of last year.
Some commentators believe that development is due to changing visual habits and the growing popularity of Web-Streaming-Diensten like Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney to, said to the website Hollywood reporters: "I think the times are changing."
We must accept this and not try to after the past.
In contrast to the currently weak Kassenergebnissen of the Hollywoodproduktionen, sales has recently generated revenues of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year, in which sales amounted to $837 million.
In the last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized the film studios that they focused too much on comics of comics and prophesied a "meltdown" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that his sinister prophecy could well contain a real core.
Due to the potential blockbuster in the summer of 2015, including involves: Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic:
The producer of has, Simon Kinberg, described the decline of the recently as simply "cyclically" and said to Hollywood reporters: "The next summer will be the biggest summer at the box-office, and no one will worry about the business."
It was a step in the right direction, when it was cancelled a few years ago.
Now the German Tischtennisbund has taken an additional 3rd Bundesliga into the program.
The result: who is not the winner, is!.
For example, Albrecht klassenhöchstes Team Torpedo in the Oberliga-Relegation has avoided the descent, but only fünftklassig in the coming season.
In spite of their grandiose Durchmarsches, they remain in the regional league.
The boys and girls of torpedo start in the Niedersachsenliga, as well as the boys of SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and the Torpedo-Reserve are in the new A-Juniors, in the finds there are no Göttingen clubs.
For the ladies the TTV Geismar in the A-Juniors, the Torpedo-Zweite in the finds.
What looks like a better Bezirksklasse, is now the new Bezirksoberliga South.
Here, TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Saat, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, the FC Weser and the TTC.
In the plays, as regional representatives Dransfeld and SC Weende, in the Bezirksklasse of the TTC II, Rot-Weiß, the Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are here with the game.
In the plays, Torpedo III and Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen are running.
The Nine Teams
The SC Weende sends his girls to the small plays.
Also the Bezirksliga-Staffel of the SCW-Jungen - there is still a torpedo II - is not complete.
In a Bezirksklasse, Geismar, Tuspo Weende and the SV are going to the season.
In the first season of the founded founded, the two Göttingen Göttingen will start with the nine teams.
In the West-Staffel are the Rot-Weiß II, Bovender SV III, Laubach II, Torpedo IV and V, MTV Gutingi, Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the Ost-Staffel, among others, Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen.
The Damen-Kreisliga consists of Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
This is still better than in the circle of Osterode, where there are no more Damen-Teams at all.
It is striking that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen Arbeiterpartei has been reached, and here the innovative and man Kreisvorstand will have to think again.
NATO: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend there were protests from opponents of the Nato-Gipfels in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds in the centre of Newport gathered to a Anti-Nato-Marsch.
On Sunday, around 150 people came together in Cardiff in front of the Stadthalle there to hold a so-called anti-summit.
Stephen Fairclough has followed developments at the weekend and talked to demonstrators who have travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teens from the Blue Mountains
TWO young Buschwanderer were brought in safety with the winch, after they had been caught in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man collapsed shortly after Sunday in Govetts in Blackheath on her tour.
Scared relatives called the police at about 20 o'clock, when the two did not return home.
A search from local police and emergency services broke down and the pair was found at about 23 o'clock in the vicinity of the Bridal Waterfalls.
The girl had fallen to the knees and the man was overthrown and had turned his head.
Ambulances stayed overnight at the couple, and they were flown on Monday morning.
They were hospitalized in a stable state with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains Hospital.
escalate Protests in Pakistan
The around 1000 demonstrators were pressured by soldiers from the PTV-Gebäude, said Information Pervaiz Rashid.
After half an hour, the transmitter resumed the broadcast.
PTV-Direktor samhita Farooq said that the demonstrators equipped with sticks would have damaged equipment in the editorial staff.
Victims or injuries have not been reported.
The demonstrators are calling for the resignation of the heads of government to blame for electoral fraud.
The police said, about a kilometre from the residence of the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, on Monday, there have again been clashes of around 3000 demonstrators with security forces.
After Saturday a policeman was injured.
At the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 injured, when demonstrators tried to reach Sharif residence.
They call for the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called for a political resolution of the conflict on Sunday evening after a meeting of the conflict, 'without wasting time and without resorting to violence'.
It was also stated in the communication: 'The army remains committed to ensuring the security of the state'.
The escalating violence has fuelled concern for military intervention, which has already become more frequent in the past.
The protests, led by opposition politicians and the preacher of Tahirul Qadri, have been taking place since the Independence Day on 14 August.
Sharif refuses to resign.
Khan and Qadri had called their followers on Sunday, channels.
"We will not shrink without being forced to resign without Sharif," said Khan.
Qadri spoke similar.
Khan accuses Sharif of having won the parliamentary election in May of last year.
Qadri calls for the resignation of the Central and provincial governments.
Then a caretaker government should reform the electoral system and declare new elections.
More than 40 000 security forces are in use to protect the government district.
The demonstrators had initially stayed peacefully in front of Parliament until Khan and Qadri were forced to enter into Sharif residence at the weekend.
synomymous after the second win of the season three of the table.
With the 2: 0 on Grödig, for Rapid a bitter week on Sunday a positive.
"The victory is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had reached a Zwischentief in the Europa League on Thursday.
"The sense of achievement was extremely important," confirmed Captain and 1972 Steffen Hofmann, who with team on the spot three 1806.
Schrammel-Traumtor Rapid on victory Rapid, with the second winner of the season, showed the right response to the disappointment at Helsinki and goes to the Länderspiel-Pause with a sense of achievement.
"We wanted to show a positive reaction," said VfL Thomas worked, who has set the course for victory with his splendid Führungs-Volley from the Sechzehnereck in the 14th minute.
"I thought, I up the whole frustration of Thursday pure and schnalzte him under the bar," said the 26-year smiling.
As worked on 13th Novmember 2010 for the last time in a Bundesligapartie, this was still for Ried.
Therefore, the first Meisterschaftstreffer in the Rapid-Dress will remain in a special memory.
"For me this is something special, I am from the Rapid-Nachwuchs," said worked.
Due to the short term Becken-Blessur of Mario Pavelic, worked moved from the left to the right Defensivseite and made his case very well.
He has enough experience that he can also use this position as a mirror.
The goal has earned him, he has already done some assists in this year ', praised Barisic.
Team shows character worked also supplied the flank to the 2: 0 by Hofmann after an hour, which finally brought the decision.
Because of this, we would have been able to send an email to the guests.
"Thank God we have had some luck today," also noticed worked, who was doing the between of performance and result in the past weeks,: "The results have not voted, but the Playful was always good compared to last year."
Barisic even found that "in many games had been better than today" - against "the strongest team played this season in this stadium."
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July proved, therefore, that the Mannschaftsgefüge has remained intact in spite of it: "Today, my team has shown that it has character."
It is no less pleasing to him: 'That we have finally played back to zero'.
Much work during DFB also the fact that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Pavelic, Deni and Michael Schimpelsberger several failures to complain, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp Schobesberger gave their Startelfdebüts, make the victory even more valuable.
"You must not forget this," warned Barisic, who lost in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic players, "who have been very stable lately."
The DFB must therefore be used to lick the wounds and to raise a bit in the physical area, "said Barisic, who has five U21-Auswahlakteure in his ranks.
One who is particularly fond of the break, is Captain Hofmann.
He is for the team, goes beyond pain.
Especially during this difficult period he showed that he is a very important player for us, "said noted.
Hofmann gave the game Rapids before his replacement in the 68 minute not only the structure, but also achieved the second goal.
For the 33-Jährigen, who completed his 350., it was the first match from the game since 2 November 2013 (4: 2 over the Schaartor).
Hofmann: "May not believe that everything is good now" "we certainly have a bit of luck, but eventually the luck must come back to us.
Now it was high time, "said Hofmann.
He warned, however, to concentrated work: "You must not always see this in black and white.
We have not played so badly in recent weeks, as has been pointed out.
We must not, however, believe that everything is right now.
He could not deny the importance of his role for the team.
It is a very young team that I can very much help at the moment.
In certain phases, it is up to me, "said Hofmann.
Grödig-Coach Michael Baur had little to reproach himself and his team.
He regretted the fast Vastic "out of the category," as well as the regular gate of commercial in the 40th minute, which had been unjustly denied by arbitrators Kollegger.
The only reproach I can make is that we were not concrete enough for Tor in some phases.
We have not had enough qualifications.
Hertha Maximilian Maximilian saw it similar: "It has just started badly, but then we have found it and even made a Tor.
In general, it would have been more in it.
Under this Treetop
A powerful tribe we showed in our Rätselaufgabe of the Herren "My piece of the lucky luck" last Friday.
Several of these trees are still in the district, the illustrated copy is the "Geißruheiche" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A uneven footpath leads up to the 600 year old oak.
It is about fields, Basaltsteinhaufen and Basaltsteinmeeren.
A little bit below the quarry of Bauersberg, a kilometer north of the road to Weisbach, where it stands.
Vital is the natural monument, it towers over the other trees of the surrounding area, and is reminiscent of an American giant with a circumference of over eight metres.
A small Buddha on a stump indicates that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
But, despite intensive research, there were only references to the raspberries.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has also consulted the Bischofsheim archive and asked older people from Unterweißenbrunn to know what explanation it has with the Geißruheiche.
The result of his research remained the rather sober explanation for the name.
Thus, up to about 80 years ago, the Ziegenhirten have driven their animals from Unterweißenbrunn to the laboriously cleared and stones meadows.
At the foot of the tree, the weary, exhausted by the rise, will have rested.
In the meantime, the area has regained its importance, because in the meadows it is actually grazing again.
The area has also been explained to the Grafenegg of the Reserve, Schneider has continued to find out.
When you enter the Steinansammlungen, you should be careful, because the sun basalt is also a popular place for Kreuzottern.
A footpath leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, but it is hidden.
Further directions are signposted, the direction of Hochrhön and an extended hike.
Where is the Wasserburg?
A Wasserburg that is sought in our next task, however, is rarely found in the height.
The reflection in the ditch already gives a good impression of the building, but we have some historical buildings in the district that could fit the Gebäudekonterfei.
Where is our "piece of happiness happiness"?
My piece luck
As with previous series of the in recent years, it will be possible to win prizes again this year if they have the right solution.
If you like to photograph yourself, you can also participate.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt @ mainpost.de, you can send us the solution and also your personal "piece of happiness" under this keyword.
The most beautiful photos will be published.
After weeks tug-of-war, Italy " s Premier and President-in-Office, Matteo Renzi, defeated strong conservative resistance at the the last week, the nomination of his Secretary of State Federica Mogherini as the head of EU foreign policy, you will be the successor of the British, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi, as evidenced by the government-connected daily newspaper La Repubblica, the appeal of his Mogherini as a favorite of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He is also expecting a boost for his "reform package" in Italy.
Last but not least, Renzi hopes to calm down the left grassroots, because Mogherini is assigned to it - albeit in a moderate way.
In contrast to the conservative representatives of the President of the Commission, Mr Jean-Claude Juncker and the President of the Council nominated Poland, Donald Tusk, the predominant opinion in Rome, in order to create a political balance.
After all, the EU " s travel will become a member of the President of the Commission, Mr Juncker, at the same time.
The European Parliament is still awaiting the approval of the European Parliament.
Otherwise, President Giorgio Napolitano would not have known the nomination of the history Democratic Party (PD) as a "important recognition" of the role of Italy in the EU.
La Repubblica is showing optimism that, for nearly two decades, it has been able to show the "enormous challenges" of the "enormous challenges" that have been known for almost two decades.
The native like is married and has two daughters.
Her the started her doctorate in 1996 in the youth organisation of the then Democratici di Democratici (left-wing), which in 2008 took place with the Catholic Party (Catholic) to today " s Social Democratic PD zusammenschloß.
In 1999, Mogherini was nominated for three years by the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth (European asked).
With the election in 2001 in the Parteirat of the left-wing, she rose to the high party politics, worked in the Foreign Affairs Department, whose head it soon became.
They occupied traditional priorities of Italian foreign policy, such as the Middle East, was known by studies on the NATO in Afghanistan, in which Italy is involved with a contingent of troops, the contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe and the Democrats in the US.
Since 2008 she has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies, in which she is an expert in defence and European and international affairs.
When Renzi became prime minister in February 2014, he summoned Mogherini to his Secretary of State.
If the PD today has a better relationship with the strong peace movement in the country, which contributed to more than 40% of the party " s vote in May, as in PD-Kreisen, Federica Mogherini has a share of it.
The reproaches in Brussels, the new chief have too little diplomatic experience, so it lacks substance, will be in the PD mean.
In Brussels, in particular Poland and the Baltic Member States, distrustful of the crisis in Ukraine are being persecuted and defamed as a 'rußlandfreundlicher course'.
It is in favour of the South Stream pipeline, launched by the Russian company Gazprom, to transport Russian gas, bypassing Ukraine, directly to southern Europe, which also serves Italy " s energy.
When Renzi began his term of office in July, Mogherini went to Moscow for its first state visit to Moscow.
Photos that they showed with Putin at the Shake-hands were greeted with outrage in Brussels, just as they invited the Kremlin for October to a Milanese economic summit.
A total of nine young people started their training at emz-Hanauer in Nabburg on Monday.
This is a trainee who has already completed another training in the company.
The new employees in the future are active in four occupations: electricians (three trainees), mechatronic (two), toolmaker (two) and the (two).
All apprentices come from the: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Unterschwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from Neunburg, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Worry-free and Sebastian teeth from Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees visited primary and secondary schools and secondary.
From Wednesday to Friday, the trainees of all ages, as well as the instructors, will travel to Oberammergau, where, among other things, there is a rafting and rafting on the Inn on the programme.
The company is one of the largest companies in Germany, with a total of 950 employees.
The number of trainees distributed over all ages is 27.
The socialists in France should keep their mouths and put France in order, "said the most important ally of Francois Hollande.
Mr Valls called on the deeply divided left to show 'their love' for the controversial socialist president, who has stumbled upon disapproval with the vast majority of the French.
The President deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to stay on his side," he said with great applause.
As a comforting gesture, the Prime Minister insisted that his government would not call into question the controversial 35-hour week in France, despite fierce demands for a relaxation of the regime by Emmanuel Macrons, the new Minister for Economic Affairs.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande called for his Mitsozialisten to be "united" with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, the Minister of Justice, starting Sand, in which she appeared in a meeting of renegade Socialist Members and criticized the Socialist Party for taking the French 'faith in their future'.
Marine Le Pen, the far right leader of the National Front, derided the warring factions of the socialists and said that they could not imagine that the new Valls government will endure longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls has no, they are forced to form a new government if the old one did not survive a summer.
"And the new will not survive either autumn or winter," said Miss Le Pen to supporters.
She repeated the call of her party after a dissolution of Parliament and said that she was confident that he could emerge victorious in early elections and be prepared to the government.
The ruling party of France suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front was the forward in May.
A poll in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Sunday showed that 76% of the French are of the opinion that the Socialist Party is in danger of crumbling into several rival factions before the end of Hollande " s term of office.
Pascal Link, a political scientist at the Sciences Po University, warned that the French would quickly lose patience if the new socialist government did not improve the economy and the Rekordarbeitslosenzahlen.
"There is a small window for possibilities, but public opinion needs to feel fast that things change," he warned.
Otherwise the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before a deal with Prestige Cruises of 3 billion $.
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest Kreuzfahranbieter in the world, is leading experts in the field of advanced negotiations for the acquisition of the competitor Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion.
A deal would be Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, access to the Luxuskreuzfahrtschiffen of Prestige Cruises and its wealthy clientele, while it is in competition with major rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could be announced earlier this week, the sources said on Sunday and warned that the talks could also end without results.
The owners of Prestige Cruises, the Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also has a share of 20 percent of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous, because the negotiations are not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests for comments, while a speaker for Apollo rejected a comment.
Founded in Miami, Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean Sea, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was $2,57 billion in 2013, an increase of 13% compared to 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also located in Miami, operates under the brand names of Oceania and Regent, who jointly run eight damage on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenues of $1.2 billion in 2013, an increase of 6% compared to the previous year.
The total population is around $29 billion, and in the next few years it is expected to grow in emerging economies, such as China and India, due to the strengthening of the middle classes.
The companies are trying to position themselves as the best choice for these new customers.
Prestige Cruises requested the IPO in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since a 850 million $deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise arose in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a 64 in the possession of Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and Kasinomischkonzern under the control of the Malaysian multimillionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested in 2008 $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went to the stock market in January 2013.
Genting held at the end of June according to authorities 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 percent of the shares and the Private-Equity-Gesellschaft TPG Capital LP a share of 8 percent in the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise, together with the original Antragsdokumente for the IPO of Prestige Cruises, have more than 82 percent of US cruise liners.
Pro-Hongkong-Aktivisten China China on the day after the election.
A pekingtreue group in close proximity to the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, on Sunday, adopted a framework law that allows only two or three candidates for the Führungswahl in Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the majority support of a the, which is expected to be filled with pekingtreuen members.
With this decision, it will become almost impossible for oppositional democrats to be allowed to vote, prompting Pro-Demokratie-Aktivisten, their threat true, and with "Occupy Central" the the Hong Kong financial center.
Political reforms have long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; and China " s Party leadership fears that calls for democracy extend to other cities.
Following the publication of a Beijing White Paper, which was set out in June China " s dominance of Hong Kong, activists held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, where hundreds of thousands of people marched in the city " s business districts and organized a sit-in.
Lis survey is organized by the Hong Kong Government and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
The Deputy Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Permanent Committee, Zhang Rongshun and the Deputy Director of the Office of Hong Kong and Macao of the Council of State, Feng Wei, should be consulted during the day.
Student activists have announced that they will be gathering in Hong Kong in the afternoon before the office of the leaders in Hong Kong.
Britain did not foresee any democratic elements until the final stage of the 150th anniversary celebrations in Hong Kong.
Putin calls for Kiev to include "Staatlichkeitsgesprächen" with eastern Ukraine.
Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded Russian media coverage on Sunday that the Ukrainian government suspended the fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and immediately begin negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman, Dimitri Peskow, later made it clear that Putin did not mean that, under the control of the separatists, the region of eastern Ukraine will become a part of Russia, but that its status with Ukraine must be redefined in order to give the Russian-speaking region power to represent its rights and interests.
Putin " s call to the Kiev government to negotiate on an equal footing with the pro-Russian insurgents, however, is in line with the strategy that he has apparently pursued since the beginning of the riots over five months ago: help for the separatists of areas and pressure on the Ukrainian government to allow the newly proclaimed region Novorossija de facto independence for an alliance with Russia, rather than with the West.
In an interview with the state-run television channel, Putin condemned the Ukrainian campaign to recapture the territories of the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently called the "Novorossija" or "Khadjibey," a term that is reminiscent of the pre-revolutionary heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all those who, in the wake of the campaigns of Ukrainian politicians for the elections on 26 Okt. and during the civilian communities in the territories held by separatists, are hoping for immediate peace talks "in their illusions," reported Itar-Tass.
"We need to engage in extensive talks immediately, not only on technical issues, but also on the political organization of society and the Staatsstatus of the Südostukraine, in order to preserve the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskow said that Putin " s reference to statehood must be seen in the context of the greater autonomy that has been discussed for months by the Kiev leadership to dispel fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are at risk.
Only the Ukrainian Government can give the eastern regions the necessary autonomy, said Peskow.
This is not about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, said Peskow, 'because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine'.
The clarification of the "misinterpretation " of Putin " s remarks underscored Russia " s leadership in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the East, in contrast to the direct Annexation of Crimea, on which the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have far greater difficulty in annexing the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, as most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians, and surveys from the period before the conflict resulted in a large majority for remaining in Ukraine.
The autonomy mentioned by Russian diplomats on international forums would give the regional governments in Ukraine authority to negotiate their own trade agreements and external relations, and thus give the Kremlin de facto control over an area that links Russian territory with Crimea.
The peninsula, which was annexed five months ago, is the home port for most of the Russian navy, as well as an important seaport and historical coastal area.
The regions between the Rostowgebiet in Russia and the Crimea are also rich in mines, factories and foundries that produce important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian President Petro Petro proposed in his speech on 7 June that Ukrainian legislation - after new elections - should take into consideration the constitution, with which the relevant areas are given greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems to be in stark contrast to those of the Kremlin and separatist rebels, whose armament and incitement to Moscow is being reproached.
Putin " s last call to Kiev to negotiate with the Separatistenführern on an equal footing followed after another incursion of the rebels last week, after Russian troops and tanks invaded the Azov region along the Azov Sea to eastern Ukraine.
The separatists, supported by Russia, took over in the coup, which, according to fears Ukrainian security, is the first step of a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to the Crimea, control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason, massive civilian and military preparations have begun to fortify Mariupol, a Stahlindustriehafen with 500,000 inhabitants, which is between Nowoasowsk and narrow access to the peninsula of Crimea.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels and asked for action to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are nearing a point where there is no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit did not take concrete action, the leadership required the proposal for further sanctions against Russia, which should enter into force in the event of an escalating escalation of nuclear power.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk, after two Russian columns and 1,000 soldiers last week in the Donezkregion to support the besieged separatists, said Colonel Footballers 1898-1976, Speaker of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Alpine-wide on Saturday in Kiev.
The first presumably 63 Ukrainian soldiers, trapped by the Russian invasion of Ilowajsk, were exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers, who had been captured a week ago on Ukrainian-style territory, divided 1898-1976 on Sunday.
Nacktfotoskandal around Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey solely made no secret of his anger about hackers, who probably stole his fiancee Gabi Gabi and a Who is Who of Hollywood " s A-Promis.
The movie is in excitement, after a series of clear photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a Hackingskandal interview with celebrities on the Internet.
The hacker is probably more than 60 Wonderland from Lawrence, Star of "the Tribute of Panem" and superstars, including the Models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singers, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and the actress Kirsten haze.
Of the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Browning, and Grecko from Melbourne were allegedly publicized private photos due to a iCloud-Lücke.
On the list are 101 celebrities.
solely, who had engaged last month with Grecko, said to Confidential: "It is disgusting."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that private information can be stolen and transferred to others.
Grecko, at the time in New York, reportedly reportedly said that the hack was "shameful" and that those affected were "injured."
The hacker probably has 30 images of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, among them two shots at the top without a pool.
Among the or Palmers are "love is invincible" with Liam Vonda.
Palmer, Chuck-Star Strahovski and the actress Browning from sucker Punch were not available yesterday for comments on the hacked images.
A representative Lawrence said to TMZ: "It is a heinous violation of privacy."
Actor Seth roe denounced the hacker in his tweet: "Chopped images from a cellular phone is nothing different from the sale of Hehlerware."
From a purely legal point of view, the copying of stolen images should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and hikers were able to take part in the Great Feldberg during the 8th cycling race yesterday and have supported the association "help for cancer children."
The tour, which was an ordeal for one, was a light training for the other.
However, everyone agreed on one thing: it was fun.
Thomas Studanski should have slept well last night.
For the first time in his life, the boss of the history brewery took place yesterday with the wheel on the Feldberg.
For the good purpose.
He is easy to learn about the small aching muscles, especially since he has made a valuable insight into the "Help for cancer Children" (Frankfurt) for the "help of cancer children" (Frankfurt).
It is a great thing.
"I know now that I can do this - fine!"
Little quick on the road in the Applauskurve?
No, if I had stopped, would have been...
As Thomas Studanski, who is sitting for the CDU in the history earned, where many of the 718 participants yesterday in the Frühtau to mountains and came close to exhaustion, but happy on the plateau.
Others, however, were easier to overcome the well eleven kilometers long distance between Hohemark and Feldberg.
Norman Dießner, for example.
The very Green from the the - red dress, red bike - made the start still somewhat on understatement ("Every lot of professionals, because it's the goal!") but then turned out to be half professional and went out for 45 minutes without breathing.
Also he is the track in a happy, as well as Nina Kuhn, press of the city of Oberursel, which together with Frank Grüneisen had been on the way.
For the two the, the "Feldberg-Radeln" was not necessarily a sporting challenge: "This is about charity, because we would like to have an exit here," says Kuhn.
On the way, they met Paul Wenzel from Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) was born in the morning after Oberursel, in order to climb up again to the height.
In the morning, the Frankfurter Florian Zierz sat in the saddle at 9 o'clock in the saddle, "made" the Feldberg two times to roll with fun at home.
Fun also had "Fritten-Toni."
For the boss of the history Kultkiosks, cycling through the Feldberg is easy.
He had his 6,5-Kilo-Rennrad 40 minutes.
A crazy event.
For this purpose, I am happy to do so, "said Andreas Balzke.
The Children Mainz says that it is a 'ambitious Selva'.
It also has to be, because he was travelling with the "Fixie-Rad," which is also bikes, but without circuit...
Even without a hitch, it was not only the 20 hikers who climbed over the White Wall and the Fuchstanz to the summit.
Bergwacht-Arzt Professor Volker Lischke, who worked with his team, equipped with Allrad-Bully and quad, for security, said: "The key" I from Frankfurt, who trains for a special Schlittentrail, only that he pulls the sled itself ," so the man is, in a sense, his own's.
The 718 participants - and thus many as never before - had been sent to groups in the morning.
The walkers first at 9.30 am.
It was followed by the first cyclists and runners at 10 am.
Five minutes later, the first mountain bikers took off.
article Hansen, Chairman of the Association "Biking on the Great Feldberg," gave the Startkommandos and wish the participants a nice trip.
For next year he hope that it will be possible to block the route to the Feldberg up to the safety of the participants.
