The prime ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on his first major foreign visit since his election victory in May, his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Toko, to discuss economic and security relations.
Mr Modi is on a five-day trip to Japan, in order to strengthen the economic relations with the world's third largest economy in the world.
Plans for greater nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda.
According to reports, India also hopes for a treaty on defense cooperation between the two nations.
Police in Karratha arrested 20-year-olds to faster motorcycle chase
A motorcycle was seized after the driver with 125 km/h in a 70km/h zone and scrubland had gone to escape the police in Bilbara.
Traffic police in Karratha tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after they had watched, as they left a petrol station on the Bath Road date with 125 km/h.
The police reported that the driver then ignored stop signs and speeding on the Burgess Road, before he lost in the bushland abbog, where the officials there.
The motorcycle, and a person who matched the description of the driver were later seen at a house in Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
Accusing the police of Karratha, a 20-year-old man of noncompliance with a stop signal and reckless driving.
He is to appear on 23 September before the District Court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was secured and confiscated for three months.
George Webster for hotel rape accused in Naim and Pitlochry
A man stands trial for the rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, the indictment was read out at a hearing of the High Court in Glasgow.
He is accused of having raped a woman in Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire on 7 June 2013.
The indictment is that Webster was attacked while they were unconscious, sleeping, and no consent. "
Webster is also accused of raping a second woman in the Golf View Hotel on May 4, 2014 in Naim in the Scottish Highlands.
Judge Lady Rae set down at the negotiating date for 17 November at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Going back to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
The congressmen, Keith Ellison and John Lewis have tabled a legislative proposal to establish the organisation of trade unions as a civil right.
"As trade unions, die, die, the middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, and vice-chairman of the Progressive Caucus in Congress.
I am so proud, together with the civil rights icon John Lewis, the employee Ermächtigungsgesetz.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal possibilities in discrimination because of the organization of trade unions - as with other forms of discrimination, and stops as anti-trade union-minded forces.
The supplement to the national labour law in order to create an opportunity for discriminating against NHS workers to organize a union representation to sue in a civil court for justice, and to obtain damages or criminal money - is a useful and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not according to American standards.
In fact, the best way to understanding what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of their bill, the connection back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks, which have been subjected to the unions in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states throughout the country, Americans have encouraged countries all over the world to recognise labour rights, and to expand.
There was a time in which millions of Americans still remember when this country was called democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and freedom of association in the same breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff the country to adopt a constitution that would ensure that the militarised autocracy Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full awareness that the workers and their unions took a role in the creation of a new Japan, they used a language that explicitly recognized that "workers ' rights of association and collective bargaining and action are guaranteed."
When the United States after World War II Germany occupy pushed General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff, the Germans, to write a constitution that would ensure that the fascism of Adolf Hitler would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would have to organize, and should raise their voice in the new nation, the Germans have a clause that explicitly testified: " the right to form associations in order to safeguard and improve the health and economic conditions will be guaranteed to each individual and each profession or business.
Agreements that restrict this right or seek to diminish it is null and void; seeks to measures are illegal.
As the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the Chair of the International Commission on Human Rights, drafted by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was adopted in 1948 by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the other authors of a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form unions to protect their interests, or to join them."
For generations, Americans accept the basic premise that labour rights are human rights.
When this country consulted other countries how to forge civil and democratic societies, told Americans that the right to the establishment of a trade union - and protected - that this union will take part in collective bargaining as an equal partner with businesses and government agencies should be allowed.
Once these rights in America came under fire, it is actually very wise, the American ideal of that working people must have the right to unite and to be heard in a free and open society.
As pastor, Martin Luther King Jr., 50 years ago said:
The story is a great teacher.
All now know that the labour movement is not restricted to the strength of the nation but enlarged it.
By raising the living standards of millions of people work miraculously created a market for the industry and raised the entire nation to unimaginable levels of production.
Those who attack the work, forget these simple truths, but history is preserved.
History remembers, and we should do the same.
The formal recognition of the work rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of the rights of citizens as a protection against discrimination in the creation of workers ' representatives - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals that America made in the past, and the promises of democracy.
Judge temporarily halts law that all abortion clinics in Louisiana could force closure
A US federal judge temporarily stopped on Sunday, the implementation of a law in Louisiana, which lawyers say that it probably would have led to the closure of all five abortion clinics in the state.
This measure, which was raised by Bobby Jindal, the governor of Louisiana, in June, on the law and will enter into force on 1 Sep, doctors who perform abortions, force to acquire a patient admission in a hospital within a radius of 30 miles of their practice.
The decision of the judge, however, means that doctors can temporarily still legal abortions, while they apply for such a right.
The law, "the plaintiffs can continue, while trying to obtain these rights," Federal Judge John deGravelles wrote in his ruling.
Within a month, scheduled a hearing for the judge to a more permanent decision on the law.
Abortion advocates welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures, and said that doctors win more time to gain hospital admission rights.
"Today's decision means that women want to avoid a devious law in Louisiana, their health and their rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chairman of the Center for reproductive rights, which had sued on behalf of three of the five clinics in the state to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the judgment to the doctors from the two clinics, which are not connected to the lawsuit, and also had applied for admission rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have enacted similar laws, but courts have recently declared such measures in Alabama and Mississippi to be unconstitutional.
Key points of a law in Texas, the majority of the remaining clinics in the state have been forced to close, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion advocates and the American College of Ostretricians and Gynecologists and the American Medical Association that permit demand the rights of doctors to unnecessary restrictions.
Abortion opponents counter that the measures to protect the health of women, although some also welcomed the effects of the closure of hospitals.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana, has Patienteineinweiserechte, shared with the center for reproductive rights.
If all other doctors in the state to be forced to perform any abortions, this doctor would no longer carry out of fear for his safety, the operation, the group said.
In their arguments against the verdict, said representatives of the state of Louisiana, that they would not punish doctors because of the performance of abortions, while their applications for Patienteneinweiserechte were still pending.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatments lead to higher death rates from ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have put online a video tribute to her mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
For women in rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians where 2005 ovarian cancer was found, and found that only 25 percent five years after diagnosis were still alive.
The research director Susan Jordan from QIMR mountain Hofer Medical Research Institute, said that for those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study, 20 percent higher than those in urban areas.
KLEINE's STUDIE: new drugs can slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers examined the medical care of women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman in the diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, existing previous illnesses and the social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer diagnosis was more advanced, the survival rate was the lowest.
For those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, was the mortality risk during the study, 20 percent higher than those in urban areas.
Although the study examined why living outside the city, women are more likely to died of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan a late diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centers as possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by gynaecological oncologists, and they are usually found in larger cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of telemedicine services in order to provide the distances, they suggested as a possible remedy a reinforcement of the service of flown doctors to specialists to allow women closer to their place of residence, and treatment programs for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said that the study found regardless of the geographical status is a poor long-term survival rates for women in ovarian cancer and stressed the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, funded by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013 Unlinke Elisha, a young mother from 33 years of the Gold Coast that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centres regret homeowners falling numbers
The decline, along with a greater decline in the number of homeowners under the age of 35 could lead to garden centres, tens of thousands of pounds a year if today's young consumers, according to a study by the HTA, as reported in the Financial Times, the "core age group for garden products."
The report says that tenants spend an average of 55 percent of the amount that people spend on housing for their garden.
The rise of people living in highly urbanized areas without gardens, the popular procedure, bitumen gardens for park purposes and the declining garden size are other factors that threaten the industry in the estimated £ 5 billion a year in sales.
In the urban area of London, in which over a period of six years, the proportion of homeowners has fallen from 61 to 43 percent, the lowest spending on garden products per household reported.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society, indicate that housing for rent or small gardens can not mean that people are not plants.
Guy barter, chief garden adviser for the RHS, said: "container gardeners, for example, is very popular with tenants because they can take their plants in a move."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the garden retail due to rising homeowners figures and economic prosperity of the late 1980s until the mid-1990s.
He also predicted for this year, an improved market situation because of better weather for unfriendly weather in March and April last year.
The protest movement led by opposition politician Imran Khan and cleric Tahirul Qadri in Pakistan continues.
In the capital, Islamabad, about 1000 demonstrators stormed the state television station PTV.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said, soldiers have been proclaiming but push back from PTV building.
The station gave its operations for about 40 minutes, but sends back.
At the same time, about 3000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
About a mile away, they were armed with sticks and stones clashed with security forces.
The police began firing tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded Sharif resign this but rejects it.
The army of the country, meanwhile, urges a political solution to the conflict, without wasting time "and without the use of force."
After a meeting in the headquarters on Sunday evening, the military said: "the army remains committed to its role in ensuring the security of the state".
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already taken more frequently.
The opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Premier Sharif to have cheated in the parliamentary election in May last year.
The protests have escalated over the weekend, after Khan and Qadri called on their followers to Sharif residence.
Three people have been killed.
Turkey orders US diplomat for spying report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has been called in the longest-serving US diplomats from the country information for a report on American and British spy in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bülent said that the chargé d 'affaires of the U.S. Embassy and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine The Intercept reported that of the former US National Security Agency analyst Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a key area for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the importance of the report and said that all major countries in each other ausspionierten.
An earlier report that the most important of Germany's secret service in the sights of Ankara, the Turkish government for much verärgertere reactions.
The warning strike: drivers threaten consequences for commuters
The nationwide warning strike by train drivers on Monday evening, could also affect the movement of persons in NRW.
The announced strike affects for 6 to 9.00 p.m. nationwide all carriers, including the long-distance, regional and S-Bahn traffic
The main thrust of the warning strike, the transport of goods.
Photo: A. Burgi/archive
Said the leader of the German train drivers ' union (GDL), Sven Schmitte in Düsseldorf.
We expect significant losses.
There is no regional priorities.
The main thrust of the warning strike is the transport of goods.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced to do everything possible to minimize the impact.
The GDL, but did not say where she wanted to go on strike, so it is difficult to predict the consequences.
Police chief accused of Magaluf of corruption
The prosecutor on Friday to the office of the prosecutor of Mallorca evidence of extortion by policemen and employees of the town of Calvià.
The chief of police of Calvià on the holiday island of Mallorca was arrested after charges of corruption by businesspeople and Barbesitzern in the notorious binge during Pregnancy hotspot Magaluf.
Chief Commissioner Jose Antonio Navarro, after corruption charges against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where the majority of bars and nightclubs of Magaluf, remanded in custody.
According to the online newspaper Diario Mallorca, the prosecutor's office of the prosecutor on corruption in Majorca on Friday evidence of extortion by policemen and employees of the city of Calvià.
Another two local police officers were arrested by the Spanish Civil Guard in connection with corruption charges and will work with Navarro questioned by a judge.
The national Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that the Burmese government angry night club owners, the nepotism, the authorities have a serious impact on their business.
"It is no longer about making money, it is about survival," said one of the businessmen to the court.
Let us put our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made this summer, international headlines because of a viral YouTube video, which was shown at a British tourist who was on 24 men during a bad tour fellatio.
The island authorities have since tried to stop the misconduct alkoholisierter holidaymaker in Magaluf, reducing the number of participants in the notorious alcohol-soaked pub has been minimized.
The Playhouse Club, in which the Fellatiovorfall, was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and the pub tour organizer Carnage will have to pay a fine of € 55000 ($73).
The holiday resort Magaluf, is popular with young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of accidents under the influence of alcohol, including the trend of the ' Balconing, " in which people from one balcony to another or jump from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from the airport in Adelaide
The FRÜHLING tarred Southern Australia a winter surprise, with heavy showers and strong winds, flights from the airport of Adelaide.
In the evening until 9.00 p.m. another 5mm of rain fell on the city, after 6,6mm, which were already on the night of Sunday.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including casting, which began shortly before 8.00 p.m. and cared for almost 4mm precipitation in about 10 minutes.
After the winter last week had secured an early dose of spring, temperatures fell in the city again on Monday to a maximum of only 15.8 ° C.
The gusty weather conditions had probably led to the belated arrival of a flight of Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane should have landed shortly after 7.30 p.m., but was hit by a Scherwind - a sudden change in wind speed and direction over a short distance - and had to start.
Winds reached at that time about 50 km/h on the ground at the airport in Adelaide.
The flight data showed that the plane was also at a second landing by had to start and, finally, by about 20.40.
The flight delay resulted in the delay of some other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and a Quantas-flight from Sydney.
For Adelaide is predicted on Tuesday a maximum temperature of 4 ° C, with possible showers.
Matthies says: high time for the big networking
Given the galloping technological progress, which threatens our cosy home in high-tech halls of our columnist Bernd Matthies can console themselves with a very familiar electronic accessories.
While I am writing this, my view of the Spiralkabel that connects the phone to the phone, and I think: Boah, how retro is that?
But behind it there is a thought: if the cable would not be flying in the shortest time of all listeners herrenlos in the house, and that would be significantly more retro.
Already applies in the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typos: electronic) sector, the rule is that the world premiere of today is the electronic waste of tomorrow, bought - outdated.
And who still has a tube TV in the living room, for example, it simply says that he categorically refused television.
Why is this thinking?
Because the Andrängen of Ifa on radio tower this week our absolute incompetence in electronics.
The layman, previously a washing machine and CD players dominated blind today do not even understand the purpose of the devices, which are spread with incredible eitlem experts speaking before him: "Connected Home, Wearables, Healthcare and Urban Technologies" promises the press office.
Yes, it is yet?
What should we talk to people who voluntarily apparently such Quark spread?
In fact, it is for some 20 years, above all, that we should let our house.
So even reordered the yoghurt so that tells us the fire alarm on holiday in the Maldives that burns in the office.
And would it not be wonderful if we in the office of the air conditioning in our early arrival...?
Yes it does, however, an air-conditioning.
But a dream will certainly soon be true: we will save our watch, say loudly "suck!" - and at home, the Staubsaugroboter.
Misleading.
All amounts to nothing less than a revolution: "the boundaries between white and brown goods blur," raunt an industry insiders, you can connect the washing machine with headphones, the Dampfgarer sends the weather report and data glasses indicates how long does the pizza in the oven, but what is pointless, because we are in a traffic jam.
From the daily practice, we also know that if a neumodisches device really is urgently needed, the battery is guaranteed to be empty.
Which is another reason why the Spiralkabel will survive the next radio shows on the phone.
Israeli children are returning after the war in Gaza in their schools
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas in the vicinity of the Gaza Strip on Monday, returned to the schools, after they had spent the summer in air shelters, while rockets and mortar shells on their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas went down, and the schools in Gaza remained closed, while the area recovered from the fighting.
The school brought the launch of rocket no bullet holes drawn communities in the south of Israel, a sense of joy and expectation, but the signs of the battles are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod remote staff "Pashosh" kindergarten, which was hit by a missile, before the arrival of the students Granatsplitter from the walls and sliding walls.
"We have a little bit scared, but excited," said Ronit beard, someone who lives on the Kibbutz Saad and local English teacher.
Many children from our area urgently need a return to a routine.
Her 11-year-old daughter Shani Bart said it felt "a bit weird" to suddenly go back to school.
"These were difficult times, and we are not out of the house," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the Kibbutz near the border with Gaza to offer his support.
Until a ceasefire to the war last week, remained cut off to thousands of residents of border communities such as Saad in their homes or left their homes to escape to safer areas further away from Gaza and the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a village near the border with Gaza, in which a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar grenade, still hesitating to return.
The Ministry of Education, said that about a dozen families had not yet returned.
Their children were housed temporarily in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town to Gaza, which is heavily scarred from the Palestinian fire.
He urged the children to learn a lot and said, "we will ensure that bought their knowledge and offer security."
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday to a unbefristeteten cease-fire.
The ceasefire provided for an immediate end to the fighting; important issues remain unresolved, such as the demand of Hamas after the lifting of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel calls for the disarming of Hamas and the handover of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin later this month in Egypt.
In the war, more than 2100 Palestinians were killed, three-quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children, according to estimates by the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies those claims and estimates that at least half of those killed are militants, but no concrete evidence for this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker were killed.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired 4591 rockets and mortar shells during the fighting against Israeli towns, most in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military conducted more than 5000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza area and some 250000 people sought refuge, which has been converted into temporary refuges in more than 100 UN schools.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fight continues, the education authorities last week delayed the start of the school year.
"I hope the school will soon be reopened, so that we can learn, as the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, who currently lives in a school in Gaza City.
After election in Saxony, the CDU Vice Strobl, NPD-ban question procedures
In light of the NPD's loss of votes in Saxony, the CDU Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl called for an end to the current NPD-ban proceedings before the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to the CDU Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl should the ongoing proceedings to ban the NPD before the Federal Constitutional Court.
"The NPD performs worse than last time," said Strobl, who is also a CDU president in Baden-Württemberg, the "Leipziger Volkszeitung".
This is a welcome development in the right direction and a development that makes me more likely to come to the conclusion that the NPD fought politically and not before the Constitutional Court.
The NPD was scraped in the vote on Sunday in the five-percent hurdle.
A first attempt to ban the far-right party failed in 2003, because of the constitutional protection was also in the NPD's top informants.
In December 2013, the Federal Council filed a new request after long preparation in Karlsruhe, Germany.
German government and parliament joined.
Harburg: tents for new refugees
At the Neuländer place refugees are now housed in tents.
The reception center for refugees in Harburg is bursting at the seams.
Now the city authority has set up three tents of the Red Cross.
The regional leaders were informed only shortly before - they are lukewarm.
"This pro-active actions incite further reservations of the citizens and the district of politicians no possibility to cooperate constructively on humane accommodation of refugees," says about Britta Herrmann, chairman of the Greens in the Harburg district assembly.
Her party is asking that the district administration Harburg currently unused buildings for housing.
96 refugees can be accommodated in three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the reception of the influx of people needing help - and the fact that the authorities cannot provide enough places in community facilities.
Many refugees are therefore remain longer than the usual three months.
The house prices have seen the strongest winter rise in seven years, a widely observed index shows.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital, rose in August by 1.1 percent, the RP Data on Monday.
This increase, the overall increase in June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual price rise was 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the rise in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country.
The research director of RP Data, Tim Lawless, reported that Sydney and Melbourne drive a two-tier market.
The figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney last year rose by 16.1 percent, in contrast, Melbourne 11.7 percent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale is Canberra, which was hit hard by cuts in government spending and where the prices of the year rose by only 1.4 percent.
Mr Lawless said that now, with spring beginning in the next few months, a rise in the property for sale would be to see that the market " a real test.
"If you look at the continued high rate of auction prices, generally fast Verkaufsrate and persistently low interest rate environment, it is likely that home prices will rise even further in the next three months," he said.
In a statement to the New press, he contradicted statements of CEO peer Medau and certifies this to pose "as a commander."
The style of the university, this is not stated in the communication.
The family was already " Medau orally in mid-June had been informed about the request of the university.
The statement that the plans were first announced in July, are definitely wrong, " says Pötzl's bodypaintings.
At the same time, he points out that the plans are not "Vorfestlegungen or decisions," but there are "preferences".
Also necessary for the entrance of the narrow road up to the castle is less dramatic than the Medaus feared.
A nine-meter wide road and there is no question.
It is to stand at 5.50 meters, it is a metre wider than before, " explains Pötzl's bodypaintings.
The argument of Medau operators that their free and school own parklands will in future only be used by students of the university, Pötzl's bodypaintings will not accept.
Zugeparkt is not at all, because it can be solved, as in other public parking become intelligent.
Think of the residents
The nursery Bergwichtel, located on the site and the entrance to the parking deck along in their backyard, would not be affected, according to the university president. "
In fact, he said that " it is not just about the nursery, but also to the residents at the junction of Friedrich-Streib street and 800 students of the neighbouring secondary school.
So it is about much more than about vested interests of Mr Medau, " says Pötzl's bodypaintings.
Whether the criticism of the parents of the children's nursery with the expansion of the road would be a "of the few natural spots Coburgs are lost,"  "the reader can decide for themselves."
In early October to inform Pötzl's bodypaintings, together with the State Bauamt Bamberg the councillors on the development of the university by 2020 "and in this context, to raise the importance of the new development."
Peer Medau had last week informed the parents of the children's nursery on the plans of the university.
Therefore, the access road to the new parking deck is on the campus and the Friedrich-Streib-road, but on the Medau-mountain.
The narrow road should be approximately 1 km in length zweispurig.
According to projections from the Medaus would increase traffic in the park of Castle High rock.
There is talk of about 2000 vehicles a day.
On the part of the city, there has been no comment on the project.
Glandorf withdraws from handball national team
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the team of DHB.
The 31-year-old from Bundesligisten SG Flensburg-Handewitt led to this decision, above all health problems.
The decision is not easy for me, it is aged for several months.
It is time for me to listen to the signals my body and my career in the national team, " said the world champion from 2007 on his Facebook page.
It is therefore play with 167 countries and 576 goals for Germany in international retirement.
Because the huge roll back room player for the Champions League winner a few years from Flensburg to score to go hunting, he is now the new head coach Dagur Dagur Sigurdsson is no longer available.
With the Icelanders, announced on Tuesday his squad for the games against Switzerland, Glandorf, a " long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches me as excited as my longtime players and my successors.
But for my club, I would also like to be healthy in the coming years are available for longer regeneration breaks are needed, which does not allow the current double burden.
The left-handed after 2012 had a heel infection even fear his career.
He was treated by team doctors of the German Handball Confederation (DHB) with a Cortisonspritze, which later triggered a strong inflammation was because of Achilles problems.
Following an emergency operation and two further interventions.
Then had Glandorf announced a lawsuit against the team doctor, the confrontation ended with a settlement.
Twelve years of professional national team career and eleven years to spare, no body.
I have some health sites that I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-related Fußoperationen 2012 in short intervals, I have got my blood pressure never properly under control.
Then of course there are some others wear-related complaints.
At the beginning of the year, I noticed that I can control my head, but not fool my body, " said Glandorf the interview with the magazine " handball Time. "
For a comeback, he would be available only in an absolute emergency.
"If the unthinkable happens, I am always ready to talk," said the dual father to the magazine.
However, I can see the years in which I can still play handball, on the fingers of one hand.
I must also say that I am also quite humble in 2012 after my long hospital stay, which affects my health.
In my career, I would like to get at least some can go straight.
In addition to the World Cup title in 2007 and winning the Champions League in 2014, he got in 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo) the EHF Cup.
In 2012 he also secured the European Cup Flensburg the Cup winner.
German economy shrank by 0.2 percent in the spring
The crisis around the globe have slowed the German economy in the second quarter.
The GDP fell from April until the end of June 2014 compared to the second quarter by 0.2 percent.
That said, the Federal Statistical Office confirmed preliminary estimates.
The consumption alone, revived the economy in the spring, while the investment.
Foreign trade also braked the economy.
Thanks to the strong year Michael Schumacher is, overall, for the first half-year GDP growth of 0.8 percent over the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of "Münsterland-Mooiste", the first time, led by the Burgmann town on Sunday.
The castle man city Horstmar experienced on Sunday the Dutch invasion "Fietzenfahrer."
The largest of the Netherlands cycling association, NTFU, hosted the so-called "Münster landing-Mooiste."
It handet it is the largest cycling across the Münsterland, hikers paradise near the Netherlands.
More than 1000 participants express their gratitude to their registration at Jos ter Huerne for the organisation of this trip through the Münsterland.
Published in various journals, this tour has been offered.
We come from Den Helder and arrived overnight to take part in this tour.
We would also like the Münsterland once more in this way, " rejoiced the cyclists on the route through the circles of Steinfurt, Borken and Coesfeld.
After the registration in the club room of the marksman Brotherhood Sta.
Catherine, it went to a small "peace journey" through the city on the Wall, where the start.
Further, the route was in three different categories, in the direction of men over the Schöppinger mountain towards Coesfeld and Havixbeck and Billerbeck back to Horstmar.
On the routes from 95 kilometres with 1175 metres, 120 kilometers with 1475 meters of altitude and 145 kilometers with 1775 meters of altitude, the cyclists demonstrated their good condition.
Verpflegt were they on the road in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
The main organizer Jos ter Huerne and Mayor deputy Heinz Lölfing were pleased with the success of this cycling events.
We are happy and it was a wonderful experience for all involved.
The organization was completed without problems, and there were no negative incidents, " Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, not so many participants, as the organizers had hoped, which was probably to the bad weather forecasts and the morning rain.
"We 'll meet again in 2015, when hopefully beautiful weather on 30 August and during another weekend," promised the cyclists but still come back to the Münsterland and organizers are planning a new edition.
Konstantin Weckers brutally honest memoir
It is actually more philosophical testimony as biography, as in "monk and warrior" Konstantin alarm clock, songwriters, pacifist politicians certainly activist, ex-prisoner, 287 pages.
Not chronologically, but more thought shreds of thoughts shreds, Munich, born on 1 June 1947 written his memoirs, each chapter with a suitable song lyrics.
And he is brutally honest, he is not a human weakness from the Onanie as a schoolboy to shoplifting and drug use.
Also, to show how he himself learned tolerance in dealing with his profits.
Leeway also abstract, but all the more important concepts: love, soul, ego, Being in the now, spirituality - all of which he is trying to get to the bottom, in a very philosophical, but also a very personal way.
And he also explained his pacifism, his critique of society, its political commitment - and also how it has shaped not only the music (the opera lover became the soul and rock musician), but also his prison stay.
The latter has the living man Konstantin alarm is also closer to the ascetic monk, "created by subtraction," as he says, "by saying" everything Unnötige saves.
Between all the high-minded views, but there are also short anecdotes on earth: about beatings in a restaurant frequented by or did a crazy ride, in which he envisaged head on a tree.
Here, too, he is brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: my father never took me in his arms.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children of a family jamaikanischer immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory, and her relationship was limited.
Henry is rehearsing for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which is based in part on an imaginary conversation with his father and was born out of the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with a lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult childhood moments.
He visited "many" treatments after the death of his mother, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship with his father.
It was hard to know him.
You never saw his face, just heard his voice: " stop with the crash.
Leave your sister alone.
Beweg you!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers, Seymour and Hilton - which were already grown up when I was a child - went with him to the pub and talked about things like the shape of a beer glass, or the beauty of cricket.
I have never had such a conversation with him.
A large part of my life, it was this serious guy in the corner of the newspaper.
Henry recently opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than at the time of his father, he won an insight into what life was like for him.
It is a little brighter now, but they are dark, quite smoky, deep stygische mazes with Flammenstößen and smoke and a lot of soot.
My father, earlier in the tub and then you could hear him slowly, as he began to sing, because he could wash the foundry.
When I went around there, I realized that he had done so for years to bring the food on the table, and my respect for him was growing.
However, Henry grew up as a child without his parents ' expressions of love.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you."
Only when it came to my mother at the end of their lives badly, we began to say "I love you, I love you, I love you."
By his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he could share the love he had as a child is missing.
Could you stop with the "I love you"?
But listen to me!
Dad, I am 22!!!
With Dawn French.
Why should not we be friends?
It is a great mother.
It is still with her French friends, with whom he was married 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why should not we be friends?
It is a great mother.
Henry's own mother was diabetic.
This contributed to her death.
So when I was very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said " you have to be radical.
So I went through this exercise thing and also had to make a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is exhausting.
No one wants to eat carrots.
Henry's career change, perhaps reflected in his elegant, short-cut beard.
Since he has been praised by critics for his Othello, he was captured by the theatre.
It was followed by The comedy of errors, and then, after some of August Wilson.
That is a different experience than the sitcoms and comedies that have filled his busy work life.
He started with only 16 years ago, when he worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on the stage when he people imitation and wrote about it on New Faces.
His television career began in the mid-1970s, "I was looking for a fairly long time, the only black imitator/comedian on television."
He learned at work.
I had to not only be large in the eyes of the public, but also learn from 1975 to 1985, as I could be an efficient jokes-narrative-machine, while I was a star of television, and it was really difficult.
Lenny on New Faces in 1975
As his manager, the right of the Black and White minstrel show, a light entertainment programme, in which the people, "black anmalten", Henry continued his comedy there over five years.
My family was very unpleasant.
Somehow, I just wish that it would never have happened, but I do not think I have done it.
It was a strange, awkward position for me, but I was working on giant projects and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But these "years of award-winning light pillar of British television" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
With the introduction of characters, the British black culture, both as celebrated, Henry worked in the 1980s in an alternative comedy circuit.
The first series of the Lenny Henry Show went on show in 1984, and in the 1990s, he was known as the chef Gareth Black lock in the comedy series boss!.
Commercials, documentaries, TV series and film roles next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought: "what are you doing next, Len, because it feels everything as you only time rum or stomp on a bit."
Then came a documentary series for Radio 4, titled What is So Great About...?
The first episode revolved around Shakespeare.
I was downright allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never been properly at school learned something about him and kept him mostly for a domain of middle-class whites in tights and a cabbage front.
So I had a great fear of it.
All of us who interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said, " you should try it.
Do it not bad, if you do not know what you are talking back.
Put a few of the words in the mouth, and then you will understand why we are all so fond of Shakespeare.
Henry led 20 lines from Othellos last speech for the documentary, and he was thrilled.
I had the feeling that I could do it.
It was almost as if someone gave me the head finally set up properly.
" This is what it is, it is a serious thing, take it seriously, your text, recherchiere a bit.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece of months before we made it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and it just did not happen.
And soon, he appeared in the comedy of errors.
I was suddenly in the National Theatre and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, " oh, you have changed. " "
There was a technical error and Henry felt instinctively that he had to entertain the audience.
"A small voice told me," now you have to fill 10 minutes while they fix the computer. ""
Instead, the stage director, announced that the idea would resume as soon as the problem was solved.
I went from the stage and something in me said "oh, thank God."
I am not responsible for it.
I can leave it to someone else.
"You play in a theatre piece, so stay in your role."
Henry in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
The text for Fences was demanding.
Panic is very good, which strengthens the tendons.
It also sold well, so it is like a big plate of the gods, I say ' this is your destiny. ' "
He says that, of course, with a DONNERNDEN voice.
So I stand by it.
I really love that.
I love to be in a sample room.
But Henry still has the head of a comedian - our conversation is redolent of humorous outbursts, while he repeatedly imitated.
I have decided to make no stand-up comedy, because I think that this kind of immediate satisfaction that somehow from a room full of strangers is dangerous.
If you are looking for the perpetually, before a wall.
I am sometimes live at the Apollo when I was ready, but overall, there is not as much as before.
I ask him whether he will ever again be a stand-up comedy tour.
The fun that I have in a room with a director who is helping to shape a beginning, a middle and the end of a journey - I do not think that I would ever give up.
So this is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I am quite an actor.
It is fun.
You can always tell a story, and that is great.
I love stories.
The people love stories.
Houthi rebels block roads in Yemen's capital
The conflict between the Shia Houthi rebels and the Yemeni government called on the Houthis to civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Houthi supporters in Sanaa on Monday, key roads, said a spokesman for the Houthi party "Ansar Allah".
Also, the entrance to the Parliament has been blocked.
Yemeni media reports of a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper Riyadh Post " Houthi leader Abdul Malik al-Huthi on Sunday evening, called for the measures.
Huthi threatened with a further escalation of the conflict, according to the newspaper, if his demands are not met.
The Shia Houthis are fighting for more independence from the Sunni-ruled Yemen and demand the resignation of the government.
The tribe of Huthi besieged for almost two weeks, the Yemeni capital.
Some 30000 rebels protest camps were built in the large entrance of Sana 'a.
In the propensity to bloody battles with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registered officials to curb the "spirit of Range,"
Kenya has begun to register all state officials biometrisch to delete the "spirit of Range," from the payroll of the government.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks, it would no longer be paid, was a government announcement.
The government suspects that thousands of people, even after her departure from public service or salary payments.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised when he took office in 2013 to combat corruption in public service.
In a test at the beginning of this year, it was found that at least $1 million (£ 700000) per month were lost in payments for "spirit of Range," and other abusive financial practices.
The government suspects that salaries continue to be paid into accounts after a person has died or leaves the public service, Wanyama Chebusiri for the BBC from the capital, Nairobi.
All officials must now appear in the next two weeks for identification centres to ensure that their data will be recorded on the biometric registration, was informed in a government news.
All those who did not do that without a credible excuse would be slashed from the payroll, was the communication.
"This approach will significantly contributed to the rationalisation of public service, the actual number of officials and the payroll will be adjusted on both levels of government - the" ghost employees "eliminated," said Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary in the Ministry of Decentralization and planning.
The scandal surrounding the art adviser Helge Achenbach is negotiated for the first time in court on 11 November.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of the Aldi-founder Theo Albrecht, demanding damages of Achenbach and two of his companies in bankruptcy proceedings in a civil suit in the Düsseldorf Regional Court 19.4 million euros.
It said a court spokeswoman on Monday.
The complaint says, Achenbach had cheated in the purchase of works of art and vintage cars and Berthold Albrecht higher than actually paid purchase prices.
It is also the higher commission.
Achenbach had purchased valuables for Albrecht of 121 million euros.
Children need roots and wings
He was 44 years at the school, including 23 as head teacher.
This time, Manfred Richter knows many hardend Petershausener and Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always driven by his desire to see the students to the people.
The Sn is the most famous mountain in the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the theme from his home.
Richter was born in 1930 in Trautenau/North Bohemia, today.
Even with 14 he became interested after four years of high school for the teaching profession.
A year later we were deprived of the Sudeten Germans.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave her home.
After a few months in a camp in 1946 after Bayern in freight wagon.
It judges were staggered by the oberfränkische sinks village.
The teacher education took place in Bamberg.
Had to Manfred Richter six times a week to run ten kilometres to the nearest train station, take the train to Bamberg, where three kilometres across the entire city to go to school and in the evening.
After two months, Manfred Richter in a Red Cross shelter in Bamberg, a bed, along with up to 15 classmates in a dormitory.
In 1951, he was the first in 1954 and, after three years of teaching candidates the second state exam.
Since Oberfranken had no free teacher for him, he applied to Upper Bavaria and went to the school on 1 November 1954 Kollbach.
"The Miss-room" was his first "home" in the schoolhouse.
In 1958, he was in the new buildings teachers house next to the school, a three-room-service housing.
This house, Manfred Richter bought in 1980, after the school had been dissolved in Kollbach in 1968.
Until then, there were hosted in Kollbach in school association Peter Kollbach three classes and five in Peter.
From the school year 1968/69 they were summarized in today's City Hall in Peter.
When the school association was founded in Indian village, only remained the primary school in the village.
In order to avoid demotion in the smaller school, the rector George Sigl after Karl field - and Manfred Richter was his successor.
But Peter grew, and so were the children and their teachers from September 1982 to today's building, which was extended to judge's retirement in 1997.
Manfred Richter praises the uncomplicated generosity of then-mayor Ludwig Götz, which build on municipal costs in addition to a workroom and enlargement cellars in 1997, although that was not eligible according to the guidelines for school buildings.
"Mayor Götz was very friendly" school, remembered grateful judges.
Throughout his career, Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative, who had responded to a unit of a council of Law and Justice: "one must never forget the love." Manfred judge for what he had heard as a young teacher.
"You have to give to the children of two things: roots and wings," says the now 84-year-old.
And he had to know: "that is not always possible." As to whether he thinks his students or just his own six children, is not entirely clear.
In any case, a judge was sometimes unconventional actions.
If students were prügelten, they got from him, not a criminal work, and not the Nachsitzen were ordered.
Judges had two pairs of Boxhandschuhe acquired at the expense of the community and the two contractors compete against each other, even if it should even be a violet.
For the good of the school used as judges have a good relationship with the then-mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This moved the partyless judge after his retirement, at least in 1996, the last on the CSU list to stand for the council.
But judge was selected at number six and joined the CSU.
180 miles in three days.
HR4-RADTOUR 700 cyclists set in a park of bath salts and Scots stopovers
If cyclists on their tour in bath salts or Scots resting, that in itself is nothing special.
However, on Friday alone, the number of Rastenden impression: the 700 participants of the hr4 cycling and accompanying Albatross enjoyed a break in the lower number of bath salt and later a party under the open sky in Schottener Old Castle Park.
Under the motto "communist and celebrate newfound paths between Nidda and Kinzig" participants had met on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and witnessed a concert of Van Baker &amp; band.
On Friday, it was serious, the cyclists took the first stage, the 60 kilometres of Flor town to Bad salt and on to Scots.
In Bad salt the athletes were greeted by Mayor Hans-Peter Seum, in Bad Vilbel bicycle mitgestartet was, and the head of the equity operations of Bad salt, Petra Schwing-Döring.
The refreshing of the mind and body had been prepared for all sorts of good things: the land of women from Ranstadt and Lower-Mock city had 85 sheets apple, Zwetschen, put and baked cheesecake, wonderfully mundeten good cyclists.
"Such cakes can only bake rural women," praised a participant from Aulendiebach, while another piece of orderte.
The beverage of Turnvereins Geiß-Nidda were cold refreshments.
"The duo Bravo" the visitors with famous melodies from operettas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful surroundings of the park was relaxing.
A gentleman has enjoyed a head massage of his partner: "he has earned, since he has already abgesprungene bicycle chains attached."
Meanwhile, the mayor and the operating director: they were interviewed at the fountain in front of the Trinkkurhaus of reporter Rainer Janke and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for bath salt.
Also, Ph.D. chief Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 cycling in 2004 as a tour manager, could only stop short, he had plenty to do with the technology on the ground.
His pickup truck, in which he wrote with three telephones and a radio with his staff and the 15-member motorcycle squadron of police Hesse's, Facebook entries and reportage, also needed a check.
" Most of the participants comes from the Rhine-Main region, " he told me, " but also from casting or Fulda, Lauterbach or the Taunus and even from many cities in Westphalia are cyclists.
The number of participants is a little bit after the available accommodation capacities.
In Category I, the participants will be accommodated in hotels, in Category II in collective accommodation.
The spa, the cyclist had a good impression when they broke out again after an hour and a half, "Tschüss!"
"It was nice in Bad salt!" They were offered.
After arriving in Scotland, the group was allowed to take a short breather.
But in the evening, the bikers were called for in the idyllic Old Castle Park.
Under the direction of the Schottener Society for tourism and urban marketing (GTS), the park was a wonderful atmosphere and, of course, it was goodies, such as Tarte Flambee, prepared with well-chilled white feather.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS-Managing Director Markus Hoßfeld and MSC Chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs, in his capacity as a board member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly relieved "about the" many operating in Scotland.
DJ Tobias Hagen then gave the dance stage.
The opportunity for bold move outdoors was used, despite the physical activity on a bicycle.
Mixed among the guests are increasingly people who were equally impressed by the good mood as the large crowd of cyclists.
On the second day was for the cyclists, the stations Birstein, guards Bach and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres Radelns met athletes back in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested on charges of "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 policemen were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government," local media agencies reported.
The police gave no immediate comment.
Among the arrested were 14 senior police officers, reports the Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in corruption investigations against government officials, including four government ministers last December.
In July, a series of Turkish policemen have been arrested for allegedly engaging in an organised criminal association had tapped and telephone numbers.
The Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was then Prime Minister) described their actions as part of the activities, led by the Islamist clerics Fethulla Güllen against him and other persons in positions of power.
Not all children in Ukraine to return to school
Schools opened almost everywhere in Ukraine on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents brought Prime Minister Arsenij Jazenjuk his daughter to school.
There, he told waiting journalists that not all the schools had reopened, but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations.
The September celebrations were held in every school.
The sky is not all over Ukraine peacefully.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge joint Ukrainian Popular Front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slawjansk, visited the Jazenjuks daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that at last peace and that the children receive an education that will be useful to them in life.
The first day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated with the children wear embroidered shirts, balloons in their hands and give flowers to their teachers.
With Rona Fair Head, the BBC has found perhaps the great director, she needs.
It is a proud Ruhmesschleppe from the banking world, the media management, and the inner circle of the Tory Party.
And it has its own front line experience.
Her career began at the global management consulting firm Bain and Co., as she moved to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI, and the media world of Pearson's.
She was chairman of the Financial Times for seven years and came back when the top post of the parent company Pearson's went to a younger male colleagues.
Their compensation amounted to almost £ 1 million last year.
Their political ranking is also solid.
It was David Cameron by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP recommended when he was looking for more private-sector expertise in Whitehall: it was the adviser of the cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
In May, I described the job of the chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a vast and complex entity in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The trust works in two directions: inward to the first Guard's own management hierarchy at the BBC, but also externally as the voice of public concern and unrest, if things go wrong.
This makes for an almost unsustainable duopoly, which requires a full comprehensive reform.
But the new incoming chairman would risk, to everything and an institution, which is as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he himself perhaps brings to his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as if that were not enough, are also still many interested to see the BBC reduced overtaken - power, money and status.
While the competition approaches and new technologies threaten the old, comfortable certainties, the forthcoming negotiations of license fees for the BBC with special dangers.
For the modest sum of 145.50 pounds per year, is buying the British public in certainly the world's largest media company.
The BBC tells a good story: she says that she achieved 96 percent of all households, and each of them costs only 40 pence per day.
And apparently the BBC is rising again on the popularity scale upwards: 53 percent support them today, compared to 31 percent 10 years ago.
The impaired vision and usage habits for the BBC have changed: I get today news headlines on my mobile and I see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very popular and important institution.
She needs a considerable chairman - I hope she has found him.
Perry says that Texas was not authorised derogatory tweet
A tweet from the official account of the Republican Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday featured a disparaging remark about the democratic district prosecutor, which lies at the heart of a criminal indictment against him for misuse of power.
The tweet was later deleted and replaced by another of Perry's account of the previous abstritt.
A tweet was sent from my account, which was not authorised by me.
"I do not agree with the tweet, and I have deleted it," it said in the message.
Employees of Perry responded immediately to requests for comments.
Although the tweets of Perry's official account, was not clear who actually used the feed.
In the earlier tweet was an unfavourable image of the district prosecutor in Travis County, Rosemary mud mountain, was sentenced for drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry put a veto on the financing of their offices when she refused to resign, which could be an indictment of Perry - perhaps 2016 presidential candidate - before a grand jury in Austin this month.
The text of the tweets reads: "I do not always drunk with the triple allowable alcohol... but if I do, I would accuse Governor Perry, if he ausplaudert."
I am the betrunkenste Democrat in Texas.
Clay's office was not entrusted with the leadership of the investigation by the grand jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was selected by a Republican judge.
Perry pleads not guilty and called the indictment a political ploy.
His top-class team of defence lawyers requested the judge tasked with the case, rejecting the charges and argued that the law, which is the longest-serving governor in the history of the state of Texas, unverfassungsgemäß diffuse.
Perry stopped $7.5 million in state money to the Public Integrity Unit of the state - which is based in Travis County and in cases of state corruption in Texas - as mud mountain refused to resign.
This veto provided a public complaint by a left-wing watchdog group.
Perry's official account is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
After he had finished with the rallies in Iowa during his presidential candidacy in 2012 as a fifth, Perry went to speculation that he will stop, when he posted a tweet of a photo of himself jogging near a lake, with the words "South Carolina, we come!"
Berkeley says housing market for "normal" again
One of the most prominent developers of London pointed out that the housing market is in the south-east of England returned to "normal levels".
Homes in the capital, were seized upon and subject to huge price increases, which led to the Bank of England due to the widespread fear of a credit bubble to set limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of the high-class Bauunternehmens Berkeley said on Monday: "since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the peak in 2013," adding that this was a "stable environment" to act.
The housing market in London was well positioned during the downturn, as foreign buyers piled into the capital.
According to information from the registry office, prices in the city last year alone surged by 18.5 percent, far more than the average increase in total in England and Wales.
The average selling prices of Berkeleys private, affordable and student offers rose by about a fifth last year and the end of April to £ 423000.
A stronger pound has, however, in recent months, property in London less attractive to foreign buyers, some of them have also been deterred by the introduction of new real estate taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "villas" tax before the general election next May.
The London estate agent Foxtons warned last week that the mortgage market report for April, were presented in the tougher lending rules, in the second half of the year, to a lesser market growth both in the real estate sale would lead to the prices.
New data from the Bank of England on Monday to show a decline in mortgage approval in July, which also indicates that the housing market cools.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, revised its prediction for the increase in house prices in London in 2015, down to 3 percent, on the basis of an already weakening Hauspreisbewußtseins.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London like Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington has become every year has fallen by a quarter, so the agent WA Ellis.
However, the desire for a home in the capital, a boon for Berkeley, because the amounts due date for sales to more than £ 2.2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: "the demand for the right, well-planned product in the best locations remained stable and as a result, the futures sales remained stable."
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than the peak in 2007 before the crisis.
The annual pre-tax earnings rose at an annual rate of 40 per cent to £ 280 million, sales fell by 18% to £ 1.6 billion.
In a statement on Monday before the annual meeting of the company, Mr Pidgley said that revenue for Berkeley in the current year were expected to meet current market expectations.
The analysts estimate consistent annual pre-tax earnings to £ 450 million.
Berkeley shares stood firm in the afternoon in London trading at 23.96 pounds.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence posted by hackers on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence at the 85th Oscar ceremony.
Nude photos of the Oscar award-winner Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a "master list" of images of other 100 starlets.
A representative of the stars of "the Tribute of Panem" confirmed that the real photos of Lawrence and accused the hackers of "flagrant violation of privacy".
The authorities have been notified and will pursue all those who continue to post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, originally posted on the photosharing site 4chan, were allegedly procured through a gap in the online storage system iCloud from Apple, the alleged "master list" of hacking victims include the names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, reported Buzz Feed.
It is not certain how many of the pictures are genuine, though Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim against the rest of the world" on Twitter, also condemned the hack.
"For those of you who are photos, my husband and I have started many years ago in a private setting of our house - I hope you are really happy with you," wrote Winstead on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien " iCarly " and " Victorious " but denied that it was pictures of her in the photos and tweetete " these so-called naked images of me GEFÄLSCHT, folks.
We look at the beginning. Pun intended.
Buzzfeed reported late on Sunday, a spokesman for the pop star Ariana Grande, the authenticity of the alleged photos of her abstritt.
An exclusive extract from Howard Jacob's hochgelobtem new novel about love and the letter "J".
They zerflossen, it could be the best way to describe it, they have faded away slowly, like a cardboard, standing in the rain.
Occasionally, he told a woman that he is too serious, demanding, intense, aloof and perhaps kratzbürstig.
And then shook his hand.
Kratzbürstig knew he did.
He was stachelig, like hedgehogs, yes.
The last victim of this Stacheligkeit was a nascent affair, which had been promising for alleviating the lonely tedium of his life, and he may even have brought a degree of satisfaction.
Ailinn solo Mons was trembling a delicate beauty with untamed hair and a flapping heart from a village on the North Island, which was even more remote and hostile than Port Reuben.
She had come with an older accompaniment to the south, the Kevern for her aunt, who had inherited a plot in a damp but paradise Valley with the aptly named Paradise Valley.
For several years, no one had ever lived in the house.
The pipes were taking in the bathrooms were still spiders, slugs have left their mark on all windows and believed them to belong to all of this, and the garden was overgrown with weeds that looked like giant cabbage.
It was like the house of a children's story, both threatening as tempting, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is on the long list for the Man Booker Prize 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn holding hands on the broken deck chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon, and both were absent in the spirit of the console, which supplied the country with soothing music and soothing news than the sight of her crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song of a long-forgotten black entertainer, which his father had listened with closed blinds in the house.
Your feet are too big.
Because of their very own aggressiveness songs of this kind were no longer played on the console.
Not banned - nothing was forbidden - just not played.
It has been successfully obsolesziert, just as the word obsoleszieren.
The general taste, which had never managed decrees and regulations, and how the people in books choose From-dishwasher-to-millionaire-memoirs, cookery books and love novels, they chose the music of the ballads.
In the euphoria of the day began Kevern an imaginary piano to play and sing in a gross-weird Serenade Ailinns big feet.
Ailinn did not understand that.
"It was a well-known song, a jazz pianist called fats Waller," he told her and automatically put two fingers to his lips.
His father had always done to stop the letter J, before he came out of his mouth.
It had started as a game between him and his father when he was still small.
His father had played it with his own father, he was told.
If you start off with a word with a J, without two finger over your lips, it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very fun game, and it was not very funny.
He knew that this was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what jazz was.
Ailinn had never heard any.
Jazz was, even though he was not directly, not banned.
The improvisation was no longer fashionable.
There was only room for one "if" in life.
The people wanted to be sure where they would end up at the beginning of a melody.
Also the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was musically ausgedrückter mind.
Although he was 10 years old, without having heard from Sammy Davis Junior, knew Kevern something about jazz in the semi-secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he had to explain Ailinn, fats Waller was black.
At her age she probably could not recall a time when pop singers were not black.
Again, no laws or constraints.
A compliant society meant that every element of this society grateful agreed to the principle of group talent - grateful as spared by fate.
People with Afro-Caribbean origin were suited by temperament and physique for entertainment and sports, sang them and ran.
People who were originally from the Indian subcontinent, were blessed by nature with electronic talent and were cared for with the task of ensuring that no family left without a functioning telephone service.
What was left of the Polish community took care of the sewage system; what was left of the Greeks was.
Those from the Gulf states and the Levant, whose large parents were not quickly leave the country as SHE GESCHEHEN WAR, WHEN ES GESCHEHEN WAR-happened out of fear, to be indicted for fire, stirring up, out of fear, even, that the flames would consume them as the next - were Labneh and shisha pipe-opened restaurants, kept in mind and were depressed by the inaction.
From each according to his abilities.
Since they had only heard ballads, it fell to Ailinn hard to understand how the offensive words Kevern she had just vorgesungen could be set to music.
Music was an expression of love.
"That is not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people whose feet are too big.
My father has never offended anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him a deceptive sense of security.
Nothing could overcome the sound insulation of the giant cabbage-like leaves.
Ailinn understood still is not.
Why would something like love your dad?
He wanted to say that it was a jest, however, was reluctant to give two fingers to their lips in their presence.
They already thought he was a little odd.
"It was funny," he said instead.
She shook her head in disbelief and locked Keverns view.
There have been around the world to see, nothing other than their ungekämmtes raven black hair.
There was nothing to what he would want to see otherwise.
"If you say," I do it without conviction.
But that still does not explain why you do it to me vorsingst.
She seemed genuinely concerned.
My feet are too big?
He looked again.
So your feet do not directly.
Perhaps your ankles, a little bit...
And you say, you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
You just hate it?
Of course, I do not hate you.
This is only the stupid song.
He could have said "I love you", but it was still too early.
"Your thick ankles are exactly the reason why you find me gefällst," he tried it instead.
I am being a bit perverse.
This is not right.
It was supposed to be funny.
If he was trying to be funny, he was often in trouble because he, like his father did not have the soothing charm that you needed to tame the cruelty inherent in jokes.
Perhaps his father wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps he wanted to be, Kevern.
Despite its friendly eyes.
Ailinn solo Mons was red and arose from her deck chair, threw the console and buried the wine they were drinking.
Holunderblütenwein, drunkenness was no excuse for him.
In her excitement, she seemed to tremble as palms in the storm.
"And your thick head is exactly the reason why I feel perversely drawn to you," she said....
Except that I am not that.
She was tired of him, both because of the unnecessary unfriendliness of his words and the fear that was demonstrated in their eyes, when they revolted against him.
She thought that he would beat them?
She had not told him about life in the cold northern archipelago, where she was raised, but he had no doubt that it was essentially as here.
The same vast and icy Ocean broke here and there on the shore.
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and verdrießlicher to DEM WHAT WAR GESCHEHEN than were their ancestors as smugglers and wreckers, from pub to pub, always ready to raise a hand against a woman they refused or derided.
Dick head?
It would have shown a big bat if they took care not!
They knutschen - Knutschen was the most-used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the vacuous love ballads from the console - it knutschen and then beat.
It was an unnecessary refinement to Keverns view, since the Knutschen itself was an act of violence.
Ailinn solo Mons gave him going through her body.
He rose from the deck chair, like an old man.
It was also bleiern, but she was surprised by the ferocity of his grief.
It was not the end of the world.
They hardly knew.
She saw him, as he is distant - as from a room on the upper floor of her companion looked on him - a man complained, something he himself had summoned.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had their hands against them.
A man turned on her, bowed to his back, embarrassed, defeated without fighting spirit - and why it was a sight seemed to know them well when they could not remember a single occasion on which she had ever seen before today, something like this?
When she was alone again, looked Ailinn solo Mons on her feet.
Several years ago worked just told incidents Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher on behalf of Ofnow, the non-legislative monitoring body for the public mood, in a short speech about the continued violence on low and middle-level in the parts of the country, in which the reduction, if not abolish, most likely to have been expected, given the money and energy, which were invested in the eradication of this violence.
" It is a great deal has been done, and much remains to be done, " she wrote, " in order to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people that has won a thousand wars and most of them, especially in the remote corners and valleys of the country, where the sweet breath of human kindness, historically, despite the towering spires rarely felt between the hedges.
But some properties stand out as an ineradicable.
The higher the tower, it seems, the less the passion he arouses.
The people crying when listening to sentimentaler ballads, intoxicated with stories of overcome difficulties and claims to believe in the virtues of marriage and family life, but even so, not only the former rudeness rural communities as well as our urban fabric firmly in hand, but there is also evidence for the emergence of a new and devious dispute at home, at work, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration," said her mentor, when he had read the whole report.
I suggest that you read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: are you an atheist?
"I think that I do not have to say," said Esme walnut.
Are you a lesbian?
Again, Esme invoked their right to privacy and remain silent.
Feminist?
Again, silence.
" I do not ask this, " said Luther Rabinowitz, finally, " because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
This is a prejudice-free workplace.
We serve a prejudice-free society.
But certain types of hypersensitivity, which in themselves are perfectly acceptable and laudable, occasionally can distort results, as you have presented to them.
You yourself obviously prejudice against the church, and those things that you describe as "sneaky" and "raw," could be interpreted by others as well as an expression of, of course, vigour and vitality.
If you continue on rides, WHAT GESCHEHEN IST, WHEN ES GESCHEHEN IS, as if it were, if it had happened yesterday, means the country of its essential vitality.
Esme Nussbaum felt, while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head, had repeated a LED sticker in Flamingorosa the advice Ofnow the country in the last quarter of a century or more.
Smile your neighbors, you appreciate your partner, you will hear ballads, visit musicals, you use your phone, you talk, you say, listen, you agree to apologise.
Talk is better than silence, sung word is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
" I completely understand what you are driving, " said Esme walnut with a quiet voice, when she was sure that her boss had spoken to the end, " and I say nothing other than that we are not yet effectively cured, as we are deluding ourselves into thinking.
My concern is that without warning, we may find, as we repeat the mistakes that led only to WHAT GESCHEHEN IST, WHEN ES GESCHEHEN IST.
This time, however, it is not the other, we miss our anger and distrust.
Luther Rabinowitz moulded by the hands of a pyramid.
In order to indicate a patience.
" They go too far, " he said, " if you call acts as a " mistake " our grandparents may or may not have committed.
They also go too far when you say that they have their "anger" and "mistrust" of "other" omitted.
It should not really be necessary, someone in your position to remind us that we are in understanding of the past, such as the protection of the present, not in terms of ' us ' and ' other '.
There was no "us" and there was no "other".
It was a time of disorder, that is all we know.
" If we are honest with ourselves, " Esme dared to post " no part of the society can claim to have behaved well.
I would accuse anyone.
Whether it has been done badly or well, what has happened has happened.
That was then.
Nothing more needs to be said - we are all agreed on that.
And, just as it must be assigned no blame, no guilt has to be repaid, if such a repayment would be appropriate, and if there is a way to repay them.
But what is the past, if we do not learn from this -
The past is that we forget about them.
If I may say something about this -
Luther Rabinowitz did collapse of his pyramid.
"I will remember her report," he said, and dismissed them.
The next day, when it went to work, it was hit by a motorcyclist, who was described as passers-by, in a kind of "brutal rage" drove on the footpath.
There are coincidences.
Lesotho military member says that no coup was planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Officials of the military in Lesotho struggled, planned a coup to overthrow the government and said that they were policemen, accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled out of the country and announced that the army of the country have surrounded his official residence and occupied government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The Premier has brought his family to the neighboring South Africa, after he had reported assassination threats.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was a de facto no coup for the military, but to the threat from "political fanatics", whose arm by the police.
"What happened this morning was that the staff of the Defense Forces of Lesotho acted after he had received several intelligence reports that some elements within the police, who wanted to arm some of the political, partisan young fanatics who was poised to wreak havoc," he said to the Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military action made the impression of a revolution.
"Even though no one has claimed to have seized the government by violence, all reports are agreed that the activities of the Defense Forces of Lesotho show signs of a coup d 'etat," he said.
Spokesman of the military of Lesotho announced on Sunday that the soldiers were returning to their barracks and that the situation was calm in the capital.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Mothetjoya Metsing governance while Thabanes absence.
Thabane said that he believes that he is for his attempt to fight corruption in the country to become a target.
In Lesotho, there were great tensions since June, after Thabane parliamentary sessions suspended due to the conflict in his unity government.
He said, his actions have not undermined the government, contrary to accusations to the contrary.
Production in the euro zone on a 13-month low
The increase in production in the eurozone slowed in August to its lowest point in the last 13 months, a closely watched study.
The final Markit manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) fell in August to 50.7, after a stand of 51.8 in July.
A figure over 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders have fallen and factories experienced declines in a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures prior to the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets expect the Bank to a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery in the eurozone and the threat of deflation with an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, during this week could provide such information, whether it is a quantitative easing for the eurozone, according to those who have been made by the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth, are the deterrent impact of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties have become clearer for the manufacturers," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest level in 11 months, with 51.4.
In the meantime, fell in the bloc's second-largest economy, France, the PMI to 46.9.
France remains a concern, as well as the descent of Italy of a solid expansion to stagnation.
Evidence that incentives for growth in the key industrial mechanism in Germany and in Spain and the Netherlands are no longer are also not reassuring, " said Mr Dobson.
The decline in the industry is fueling the fire of the analysts who expect further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
Good news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "the best thing you can say for the purchasing managers index of manufacturing in the eurozone in August, is that the sector continues to grow."
He added: " producers in the eurozone's life are obviously very difficult, because the current heightened geopolitical tensions, particularly in relation to Russia and Ukraine, uncertainties in the continued difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy, in particular, and consumer confidence, and probably means that some orders are being delayed or even cancelled, particularly large orders.
He said that it was "increasingly likely" that the ECB will eventually launch a kind of QE, "although we suspect that this will be limited."
The Höllenjahrzehnt of survivors of Beslan: ten years have passed since the horrific siege of the school, as the tide of children still suffer.
Ten years ago, were taken hostage more than 1000 people from Chechen militants at a school in Beslan in southern Russia.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world.
We have returned to Beslan to find some of the victims, who were unaware of the death of bestiality in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific siege of the school in Beslan, in which 334 people were killed, including 186 children, warned the heroic survivors last night before a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
As a fanatical Islamist terrorists, children and parents on 1 September 2004, the start of a new school year, captured and killed, it seemed like the Böseste of evil.
The tragedy united the West and East in disgust, and then turned surprisingly in action and hope for the future in the middle of the worst misery.
Ten years later we have returned to Beslan to find some of the victims, who were unaware of the death of bestiality in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, although the memory of these terrorist hell will haunt them forever.
Their best hope?
The war, the Ukraine is now - and the children as they die - now comes to an end.
The girl who was shot in the attempt, in the zerschossene school sports hall zurückzuklettern
She was photographed by the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous when she was only in her underwear tried in the zerschossene school sports hall zurückzuklettern after a mine exploded.
Totally confused Aida was looking after her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both were left for dead, but they survived.
"One woman told me that I should run for my life, but I could not," Aida said.
My legs were overrun.
I stood up and climbed back in again to look for my mother.
A soldier brought them to safety.
After a series of operations, she was completely healed, but yesterday said: " three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid that I must be performed again.
Some Granatsplitter are still in my knee.
Their goal is now to become a dentist to help people, as it has been helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but I was not broken," says tear.
" That is what happened to me, and it is not going to change.
Once a year, I am always in the gym, to remember those who have stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were small, and dreamed of going to school together.
" I do not want to marry until I finish my studies and started my career.
To have a family, I am thinking later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it, although the memory of every year is a bit weak.
I am glad that many people around the world to remember our horrors and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in Britain and everywhere.
When I see online the photo of me, as I see in the school zurückklettere, I think that many people, it is the first time to understand our disaster and help ensure that this does not happen again.
The boy, who fled the bullets, believing that his mother was dead
It was his first day of school (Russians go to the school) for 7 years and survived the three-day siege in the arms of his mother, Tamara.
As a seven-year-old, he said, "mama told me that I should lie down, if there was an explosion, and hold their hand."
After an explosion, he thought she would die.
She said to him: "run."
Full of fear, she could be dead, he fled and was on the way a toddler wines, it took in the hand and fled through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, his son outside in the arms, said, " Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I could not save them."
In fact, was Tamara stumbled outside and with leg injuries in the hospital, in the belief that her son died.
After its reunification, she said: " I wept with joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (from the now disbanded newspaper News of the World) to get the title of Barnardo's, Children's Champion by the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife, Cherie.
"This horror you every day, but I wish I could stop with the memory," he said yesterday.
But I can say that it is in my memory.
I remember that I am directly after all my toy guns wegwarf.
But now I can play computer games with shot scenes, and that is no problem for me.
" I am not afraid to go back into the gym, but I do not think about myself.
I remember these children, with whom I have played in the yard, and they have not managed to get out.
We never say that they were killed or are dead.
We are saying that they remained in the sports hall.
I remember very well my trip to London, particularly in the toy shop, where I could choose what I wanted, and the ride in an open car.
But now he has suffered anxiety to place such as Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of accident that he and his friends.
You followed this horror every day, but I wish I could stop reminding me.
"I am so sorry for all those who suffer the atrocities," said Damir, who last week worked as a volunteer in a monastery.
I am so happy to help.
One day I will go to the police and hope that they will take me next year at the training academy.
His mother, Tamara, 48, said: " 37 children from our neighbourhood were killed, can you imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there were simply no children, and run around, and the silence lasted for many months.
She can still vividly recall their trip to London with Damir.
The people of London, when I told our story.
At the time, I understood how people understand our feelings on the other side of the world, and to show their support.
It was Cherie Blair and her foundation grateful for the price and the ability to travel to London in the autumn of 2004.
I wish I could ring Cherie and simply say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember the meeting me, her and her husband in London, and how the Damir and helped me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat borscht and phoning them all of the local Russian restaurants.
I remember when he played with waiters in a restaurant, Damir shot with his water gun on her and she ran away and played with him.
And that was just a month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British are so willing to share our pain and supported us.
She said: " I always think that the world has not improved in those 10 years.
In Ukraine, there is a war now, and every day people are dying, and I believe that many children have been killed and still be killed.
These are precisely such as our children.
I think that for many of the war, some of the messages they hear when they are bored or busy with something else.
I know just what these people feel, all the horror.
And I can't stop it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other and that is so sad.
Damir was great and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not aggressive or angry.
For example, he is not looking for revenge, he is not overwhelmed by the past atrocities.
I know that he does not like to remember, but he has six close friends from the class and they occasionally go to the gym and light candles.
When he was small, he suffered - I remember, as he sometimes put on the sofa, his face away from us, for hours.
Not asleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all of its weapons and other military toys, Damir is now 17, bigger than me, good-looking, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I was a few hours so sure that he is dead and that I would never see him again.
When I recovered after the explosion and was on its feet, I looked around and saw the hell around me, with around the body parts.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy could possibly have survived in this hell.
" I remember that I shouted at him, " Damir, Run, Run away, " but I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he has heard it and he ran away.
And so is the life, unlike that of many others, for us.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible image after the siege, the symbol of the horrors of Beslan was
Consolation: the Beslan survivors Georgy Lyin with his mother, Fatima, after the siege in 2004, right, a picture of Georgy today
His blutüberströmtes face was scarred by fear when he ran for his life, while Chechen terrorists shot down his classmates.
His image was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, a doctor, had sacked him for his first day of school before she ran in her older son Vladimir to the university.
"I left the court about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and then my little boy remained there for three terrible days alone," she remembers.
Not all alone, there was a whole family of relatives, but they were all killed.
My Georgy only managed to survive.
As the date draws nearer, the harder it is to remember and talk about it.
There is no single day when we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it is a long time ago, I think it would have happened yesterday, some scenes from those days myself.
No one will ever forget it, I promise you that.
Urgent: the image of Georgy (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized (right) as the statue.
I remember that Georgy on that day was so keen to go to school, he said that he wanted to hug his trainer.
I only knew that he was alive, when I saw him on television.
And now there is even this statue of a weeping Georgy in San Marino.
Georgy does not like the picture, and it is hidden at home in the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also think that people around the world to feel our pain, thanks to this image.
Georgy said today: " it is important that such a thing can never happen again.
" I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
Investigate the people keep such tragedies and never know the truth.
And now they investigate the crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused it?
This world is becoming a little horror.
" I cannot understand how this is possible, because if you ask people, nobody wants a war, so how is this happening?
Ten years is nothing with such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget it a little bit.
It has attacked my health and I feel it still.
About three or four years I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but by then it was better.
I went back later in the year 2004 to school and I had every day fear.
I thought of my friends and classmates who were slain.
That is why I am always in the sports hall when the 1 September gets closer.
I want to pay tribute to my my old childhood friends.
It is hard for me to go to the gym, but I have to do it.
I am not a victim, this story is now a part of my past.
I am not going to forget it, but I am not bemitleide.
My life goes on.
I have completed this year, the school and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I am going to be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was an education in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health did not allow this to happen.
I wanted to fight for my country, but it is not going to happen.
Georgy Fanijew, 20
The boy, who survived, although he was caught at the foot of a murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgy Fanijew was trapped during the siege at the feet of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the sports hall and sat next to the bomb that was attached to the foot of a murderous terrorists.
It is really a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel as if it were yesterday," says Georgy, who wanted to go to the FSB, the intelligence officer, but could do so because of his health damage due to the siege.
It is still with me, it is nothing that I have left behind me.
Now I am older and people say that children can easily cope with bad experiences - I must say that that is not true.
" In 2006 I worked with psychologists and then felt something better, but I can't forget it.
And I would like to forget.
2005 - a year later, was the first and only time I went back into the sports hall.
I lost consciousness.
I will never return, and please do not ask me to show you where I have sat in this famous picture.
Survivor: Georgy Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous and I wear it every day with me.
My friends know that I do not like to think or talk about it and they never asked me about the school.
Physically I am fine.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but now I can run well.
But because of my health, I could not study at the secret service, the FSB Academy in St. Petersburg, as I wanted.
I have my documents, including the medical and they replied that it was not possible.
My second passion were the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have already two years behind me.
He has been studying the treatment of all animals "from cats to cows."
He said: " I knew that I would never tell my children about my experiences.
Children should not know about it and they should not suffer, of course.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: " the pain never leaves me.
He is in my soul, worse when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go to the celebrations of the commemoration.
I know that Georgy will not go.
There is much more violent for him because he was there and I do not.
I waited at home for him and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he was returned to me, all of them are painted in Beslan.
It is in us.
Georgy is now an adult, but the horror is still in it.
It is hard to accept that if something is so Unfaires happened to her.
He is a boy, he loves sports, but he cannot attend because of his knee.
He was operated on several times, he can run, but not to participate in sport.
I would say that he has overcome the horror to 50%, but you can never be entirely overcome that and forget.
This terrible experience will haunt us forever.
Many friends and neighbors were killed in the siege and this only reinforces my pain.
I have lost many of the people I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift that God gave me, but my heart cries for the killing.
I know of families where children were born, but also of widows who have never married again.
It is hard to accept that life goes on, even if you do not want that.
I will never forget how my heart jumped into me when I saw him in the hospital.
And now I see what is happening in the world - wars in other regions.
What these people are fighting for?
Why they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country and I can hardly believe it.
We used to be a friendly country, how can it be that we are fighting now?
People are suffering and children, I am sure that many children have been killed in Ukraine have been killed and many more.
If we could only throw all these rebels and - as far away as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby that was so bluntly by a Special Operations Command in security
Rescued: Aljona Tskajewa is brought to safety by a Russian special-ops commando (left).
It is now ten (right) and remembers nothing of the atrocities
The world held its breath in 2004, when the baby Aljona was carried in the arms of a Russian policeman from the siege of Beslan.
The terrorists did they go, but kept their 30-year-old mother, the 10-year-old sister, Kristina and her brother Makhar in their cruelty in the school sports hall.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again and with his new wife Svetlana, a little girl that he had called after his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, now ten years old, does not remember the siege and has grown to be an intelligent and happy girl, say neighbours.
"Now they are a big happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to spare them all the memories with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
Man accused of having girls on pedestrian crossing in Fife cross
A 78-year-old man is due to the Überfahrens of a three-year-old girl at a pedestrian crossing in Fife in court.
Gordon Steward is accused of having a girl on the transition at Pittenween in East Neuk.
The indictment describes Mr Steward had violated his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation in front of the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC set a procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you would like to make photos or videos under water, there are a variety of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or action-cam as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both for about $300.
I have these photos in a family with several cameras, which are all available at a price of less than $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery pack and other subjects are locked.
Put your camera on the photos or videos that you want to take.
Some cameras and camcorders have scenes and recording modes, which optimizes exposure for the twilight these quickly underwater conditions.
And before you jump into it, you look up in the depth of your equipment is functional.
Some cameras are only permitted for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60 feet.
Are you looking for in our shopping guides and reviews for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Take multiple shots - because many of them will not work.
Point-and-shoot cameras have LCD, with which you can compose images, action-Cams normally does not.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the correct attitude is a matter of luck.
So you make many shots.
If your camera has a terraced mode, with a series of recordings with slightly different exposure settings, you use it.
Stay near the surface.
The light will be dramatically worse, the further you move away from the surface.
If possible, you remain so close to the surface, when you make shots in a pool, a lake or the sea.
You can also be more color in your photos; the deeper you go, the less you see color.
Go close to the objects.
It is also a good advice on land, but it is all the more important because of the bad lighting conditions.
It is especially important if you are working with an action-cam: these devices often have a fixed wide-angle lens, which means that you have dense to your objects, if they are to fill the entire picture.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort, whose character things changed, even in such a huge organisation like the NHS.
As an advisory Anästhesiearzt devoted his career to save the health of both the agony of the disease, as well as the agony of the treatment.
Among his patients, his wife recalled, was an MI6 staff, who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that the doctors are important in the diagnosis and disease, while the cases are mostly occupied with something quite different: pain.
One day in 2007, but he was the one whose ordeal began.
"I have not felt," he wrote in May of this year.
I had to take our stuff.
While he fought with the flu like symptoms, he noted that he made his wife Juliet impatient accusations.
"I want everything immediately, rather than later," he quoted.
As Juliet for a week was on a business trip, Lawson felt quite unusually, worried and without reason.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to carry out an X-ray examination of his chest.
Just two weeks ago, he was skiing in the French Alps.
The result was the X-ray examination.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer of the breast skin, the lungs überziehende skin.
As with most cancers, the exact cause is usually difficult to determine.
For example, some smokers with lung disease, have not been previously all lung cancer sufferers are smokers.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases the trigger is an asbestos - contact with the fiber construction, which was once seen as a "miracle material" but has now been recognized as lethal.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease that can easily ignore.
Asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous use has not been used in Britain since the 1960s, when the industry voluntarily to use it.
Even where it was used, only people working in certain sectors directly with the substance, plumbers, builders, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial hazardous substance from another time, he seems to be little concern.
But such complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it seems, is enjoying the culmination of a Mesoltheliom epidemic.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from the disease than in road accidents.
Annual figures of mesothelioma deaths since 1980 and estimated future deaths in Britain
The reason why we now see the deadly effects, although asbestos is illegal for years (1999, banned all types of asbestos), is that a mesothelioma emerged only after decades.
And the scourge of mesothelioma is not limited to former workers of the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is often still exist in the houses, in which we live, the offices in which we work, the schools where we learn and the shops where we buy.
And therefore, mesothelioma knows no class barriers, financial limits, professions and age.
The privileged bastions, from the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are not a protected area.
The Parliament buildings are asbestos-contaminated.
Also in the hospitals, in which we are supposed to be healthy, have already been identified as the starting spots in this deadly Karzinogens.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was also not a plumber.
It was indeed hard to imagine where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he found out.
"It looks as if, in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I was six years of my education, a lot of asbestos." He wrote.
Everyone - students, nurses, doctors and guard - use the tunnel.
One wonders how many of my contemporaries suffer from the same disease?
Unfortunately, he was able to answer this question, at least in part.
"From the four doctors who were trained at Guy's Hospital, and the diseased in mesothelioma in the last five years," he wrote in a letter in 2010, "I am the last one is still alive."
How many of us will fall ill?
With Andrew Lawson mesothelioma was diagnosed at the age of 48 years.
When he died on February 17 this year, he was 55.
It was an unusually long survival time.
Fifty percent of mesothelioma sufferers die within 8 months after diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
We can therefore only repeat Lawson's question: "how many of us are ill?"
Britain's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in Britain is expected to be stalling, 90000 of the disease will be a victim.
Most of them at the moment have no idea that they are going to die.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada, Alamy
A quick look at the files of the courts, which are often the victims for damages, shows how widespread the scourge of Mesothelioms already is.
In June this year, Marks &amp; Spencer, for example, Janice Allen negligently exposed to asbestos.
She worked for nine years for the chain, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible on the clothing department at two locations - one of the flagship store in Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years when she began her career at M &amp; S.
Now she has two children in their twenties.
" Before this, " she says, " I had never heard of mesothelioma, I did not even really about asbestos.
I never thought that I would get this.
There are few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the term asbestos is not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name comes from the word "Asbestiform", a description of the fibre structure that makes the fabric resistant and flexible.
Three of the six were used in construction.
Chrysotile asbestos, also known as white asbestos is now by far the most commonly found asbestos in buildings.
It has been used for roof panels, floor plates, Rohrisolationen, boilers, insulation, even for brake pads in cars.
It is less lethal than other forms of asbestos, but the EU and the WHO as a "great health risk" with potential casualties.
However, more dangerous is the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world's biggest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suspect that "there are clear but indirect evidence that this was a major reason for the unique high rates of mesothelioma."
An employee of Marks &amp; Spencer was in the flagship store in Oxford Street, London, asbestos exposure Alamy
Janice Allen has perhaps not seen as a typical mesothelioma victims, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that her story is not unusual.
He has presented a study of the stakeholders in the argument that "a significant proportion of the Mesotheliome without known suspension was caused by work or in the home, presumably by asbestos contact in the environment."
Most of these contacts, his words, based on the "normal use and aging" of our building.
It appears that no one could expect to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which studied the palace of Westminster, shows how people in the heart of the government, have been unwittingly exposed to the substance might be.
Goddard, 2009 reported that the service shafts and pipelines were contaminated with asbestos behind the committee rooms of the Parliament, whose lethal fibres could be something as harmless as "strong air movements".
Parliament members are often accused of looking after their own interests, but here it seems that the opposite is true.
While the principals of the Parliamentary work Service insisted that the Westminster Palace received a "clean health certificate," it is now clear that £ 1 billion of work has to be paid over several years to renovate Parliament to modernise the electrical installations, and to remove the asbestos, and that the MPs after the general election in 2015 will take rather in nearby QE2 Conference Centre on the green benches at Westminster.
The Goddard report also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos has not been handled in accordance with the relevant regulations."
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
Everything you can do now is wait.
A person who could never determine contact with asbestos is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson believed the 50-year-old Abbott, that he was during his work in hospitals exposed to asbestos.
" I have worked in a hospital, where asbestos claims have been decidedly positive, " he says, " but I can't prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all the places where they worked and the data.
What he remembers distinctly the day at the beginning of December 2009, in which he was a kind of fever.
He was 45, and was leading late in the evening by surgery.
Suddenly, I had chills.
It came suddenly.
I felt terrible.
I thought, no longer to create the trip home.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain from the chest skin, the skin around his lungs.
But as Janice Allen, he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He went a month not to work.
Verwunderte doctors made X-ray pictures of his chest and put Pleurakathether to remove fluid from the lungs and test in the lab.
His complaints, however, remained without a diagnosis.
His health has slowly improved, and he returned to his job.
From time to time, the symptoms returned, however, often after physical activity and heavy breathing.
In 2011, Abbott's was a patient with similar symptoms in his practice, and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now, Abbott is not with his own case.
Finally, his patient was several decades older, and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's deteriorated state and his family doctor brought his CT scans and X-ray photographs of a group of experts.
In December 2011, two years after Abbott was ill for the first time, a probe equipped with a camera was inserted into the cavity between the ribs and chest fur.
I am an optimist.
I usually just go, " he says.
To be honest, I had not much to worry about.
But Rachel, my wife was worried.
The result of the biopsy was the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told that it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: mesothelioma diagnosis
Suddenly, Abbott appointments with Macmillan nurses, one of whom advised him to take a lawyer.
Only now he realised the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was widely used, particularly in large public buildings, where pipes were often insulated with asbestos," he says.
The people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings are now ill.
And so mesothelioma is younger people who have not worked in the typical occupations.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos insulation in hospitals under the earth, so patients were probably not exposed to the substance.
But many employees who came in pedestrian tunnels from one building to another alternated (such as Andrew Lawson) or in underground canteens ate (as Graham Abbott often did), most likely in contact with the toxic substances.
It shows that over several decades after the war hospitals were potentially lifesaving for patients, but life-threatening for the treating doctors.
He is still today.
Students displayed their bunsenburner on asbestos mats.
And it is not just hospitals.
Asbestos was used due to its fabulous insulating and flame retard often in offices, shops, libraries and city halls.
It also applies to schools.
Indeed, many people have probably had the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Across the country, thousands of hours of Chemistry, pupils have their bunsenburner parked on asbestos mats.
On websites frequently raised the issue of asbestos in schools now.
And meanwhile have so innocent objects in our homes as floor plates or shingle roofs by default contain asbestos.
"It is an industrial poison that in large parts of our property," commented Andrew Morgan, the lawyer, Andrew Lawson in his trial of Guy's Hospital.
In one case, the only contact was a woman, the demolition of a Gartenschuppens in the 1970s.
So beware how you tear off your garden shed.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to process it," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to move on, but I realized that I could not concentrate on what I was doing.
I was two weeks ago in practice.
Then I knew that I could go and I had to take care of myself.
Well, I will not see another Christmas.
With the greatest difficulty was the fresh approach from the position of a doctor to that of a patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers how he was overwhelmed by all the information, with whom he has had to cope.
"It was very difficult to absorb it all," he says.
" " I asked my doctor how long I have? "
And you gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, ' Well, I will not see another Christmas.
It was then. ""
Mesothelioma is a particularly insidious because it is our life-support mechanism - breathing itself - that is causing the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos consists of smallest fibers.
If the tremors of asbestos and the fibres are inhaled, they can fix the breast skin, the skin around the lungs.
Asbestos fibres irritate the breast skin cells and can cause mutations.
"The problem arises with the inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibers," says Professor Tom Treasure, a heart-thorax-doctor moved in 2001 to Guy's Hospital.
It is the hospital of the Andrew Lawson believed that it was exposed to asbestos, it is now, ironically, a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated several others who were also likely during their training in hospital exposed to asbestos.
Once the asbestos needles the lung tissue, says Treasure, " they will be pushed to the edge of the breathing process, where the skin is.
Inherently it is invasive right from the start.
The usual options for other cancers do not work so well for mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of the operation, for example, is hotly disputed.
Some say that it was worth a try.
The Treasure said no.
"You can't cut out the chest hairs," he says.
They are not concerned with the knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer "is not very well to chemotherapy," the "effect", but not cures.
"Sometimes there are long-term survivors," says Treasure.
But in the end they all die.
Fortunately, some patients actually live long, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis Graham Abbott still fighting.
After he had mesothelioma contacted Abbott came in contact with Andrew Lawson, four years after his diagnosis was a one-man support and consultancy for Mitbetroffene.
"Hello, cancer," he was merrily on calls.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis four years earlier and was still very active.
Abbott originally been offered to six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and extend his life expected just a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, was "to make things in a more positive light."
Following the advice of several doctors Abbott decided to continue his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, cardio-thoracic specialist at Guy's.
"We had an advantage that I had to be referred, I phoned up and got an appointment," admits Graham.
A normal patient would have to receive a referral and must wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma-sufferers to be able to play the best available therapies.
But if these treatments eventually inevitably fail, there are many people from another financial concern - about the future of the families they leave behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known since 1898, that asbestos is extremely dangerous for health," says Morgan.
But what has changed in the 1960s that it was realized that even a very low burden posed a health risk.
And here the negligence of the companies began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital, and in their case, but it was not what Morgan calls "full compensation" as Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma was due to an asbestos contact at Guy's.
After the investigation, confirmed his death, a spokesman of the Guy's, however, that "the asbestos fibres were removed in the 1990s in the basement."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How asbestos can be removed
In fact, it is for mesothelioma-sufferers, seeking compensation, it is a huge problem, the deadly asbestos contact a company or a job, usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who resist claims to know that it is time for them, but certainly not in line with the prosecutor.
In response, there were major new laws, it is easier for mesothelioma-affected, compensation for this, even if their former employers are no longer detectable in this year.
The law has a fund sponsored by the insurance industry £ 350 million for all those diagnosed after July 2012, can prove a contact, but no one can sue.
In these cases, the plaintiffs will receive 80 percent of what a court in a normal compensation process them could grant - about £ 120000.
About 300 successful applications for the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks like so many mesothelioma-affected that £ 350 million is a "very good work" of the insurance industry.
"This is a deal of insurers for insurers," he says, and suggests that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay when the time would not have been able to overcome it and mesothelioma-PLD companies and they could sue.
Also, Mike Penning, the former work and pensions minister, admitted that the law was "not perfect".
But both Penning as Morgan acknowledged that rapid action was necessary in the face of seven deaths a day.
"The people are suffering so much and now need help," said Penning during the second hearing of mesothelioma Act in December of last year.
At this point was Graham Abbott for 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski.
After her first consultation recommended long-Lazdunski surgery, which he expects a positive effect, unlike Tom Treasure.
This has been accompanied by a radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy, with a survival rate of long-Lazdunski over five years by up to 40 percent.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"This is, of course, with the most important thing," says Abbott.
This is apparent in patients.
There is something that you can move on.
If you aufgibst, you very quickly deteriorate.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August, he had the last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Follow-up scans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had in March 2014 a scan.
There were several cancer spots around my chest.
I was just 50.
This is not life-threatening.
That is life, stumbling along.
Abbott again underwent six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of the tumors is more visible.
But the process is both physically and mentally very demanding.
They need to think about practical things - on the money when I am not, for example, or how the Boiler time setting my wife works.
If you receive bad news, you will be negative.
You have to look forward to.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, that is not always easy.
"For parents, it is difficult," he says.
It is hard to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I told my girls that I have a disease, I would not be old.
They were very different.
Tamsin is very sociable and unpredictable.
They told their friends, and soon we got many calls.
Ellie was more circumspect.
She said not much.
Such talks are going through something that all cancer patients.
But for ill mesothelioma such talks are not of hope, not a shred of hope for survival.
The disease (as is ultimately for Stephen Jay Gould), a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, " mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body einbalsamierter Pharaohs wrapped in asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibres, which were used for the enhancement of cooking pots and for greater heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
It has developed a fabric that is not flammable.
I have this attached napkins at banquets in the fireplace.
The use of modern commercial asbestos starts in Italy, where it is used to manufacture paper (notes) and fabric.
Major asbestos mines will be opened in Canada and South Africa, and shortly after that in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 30000 tonnes per year.
Statisticians from Prudential identify a premature death rate among those who work with asbestos, they will receive no more life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says that asbestos particles in the lungs without any reasonable doubt "is the leading cause of death."
This is the first case of this article
Kershaws employer, Turner Bros Asbestos assume no liability.
There will be no compensation paid.
During the Second World War are intensely built ships, one of the deadliest performances with asbestos.
Voluntary renunciation by the industry on the import of blue asbestos
A Court of Appeal confirms the first successful personal compensation claim in Britain because of exposure to asbestos.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 4 213000 tonnes per year.
Britain imported 139000 tons.
A health and safety executive in Britain, all firms working with asbestos, the licencing.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are legally banned in Britain.
Any use of asbestos is banned in Britain.
The mesothelioma-law will be adopted in Britain.
A compensation programme of £ 350 million will be announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, white asbestos is still used in many countries around the world as a cheap building material.
Global production is around 2 million tonnes per year.
Hong Kong, China denied the right to choose government protesters swear vengeance
On Sunday, the Chinese parliament, despite the increased calls for democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the elections by 2017, the Hong Kong electorate.
This approach probably fired long announced protests in Hong Kong's business district, while activists planning and mobilization to within a few hours after the announcement began.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress allows basically Communist leaders reject all candidates loyal to Beijing.
"It is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," said legal expert Emily Lau, leader of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Beijing had promised.
They have lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of the Chinese decision, said Li Fei, Vice Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress that the approval of public nominations for the elections for the Hong Kong government to "chaotic".
Since 1997, when Britain created the control over Hong Kong, the Chinese, Beijing has promised that the inhabitants in 2017 to choose the presidency of government.
The Chinese leadership's decision on Sunday as a democratic breakthrough, because it is the citizens of Hong Kong a direct electoral law, but the decision also demonstrates that the Chinese leadership, the process by a nomination committee tightly controlled by Beijing firmly in the hands.
After a new clause should be allowed to be the only candidate "with a love of country and love Hong Kong".
The decision follows a summer in which some of the biggest and most efficient public protests in Hong Kong took place for a number of years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong, the movement, Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to seal off the financial district, if Beijing allows no genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening had gathered within a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of Occupy Central's supporters in the rain outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
During the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement had reached a new level of civil disobedience and protest planned in the coming weeks.
They did not give details, however, apparently to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online statement, the organizers disclosed that the movement has " the occupation of the central district of only as a last resort taken into account, an action which would only take place if all dialogue opportunities have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We are sorry to have to say today that all dialogue opportunities have been exhausted and the occupation of the central district will definitely take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have been prepared for the announcement of Beijing for days, and were on the Sunday before the government building tighter security measures, including police and barricades.
The riots are strengthened by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control of their city.
The influx of people from the mainland increased the competition for products and services.
Moreover, there is growing fear that the values of Hong Kong as democracy and freedom of speech to crumble under the growing pressure of Beijing.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy Central movement, because it threatens the business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"The protests, which they could talk to a lot of economic harm, depending on how many are involved and how long they continue," said legal expert Regine Ip, which has long been critical of the movement.
We do not want to stoke fears that Hong Kong is getting out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
China's state-controlled media also reported recently on democracy activists in Hong Kong as a subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, activists organised an unofficial referendum on the voting rights, which was attended by 780000 people - more than a fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands in one of the largest democracy demonstrations took part in the history of the region.
The tradition of school balls in the USA will now be transferred to the universities, where Freshmen performances will be offered to the private jet.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand and the UK's first luxury travel service for students of today.
In order to achieve a very impressive appearance at the university, the company also offers transport options such as private jets, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also stated that the service had a security division.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who otherwise would have to dump their belongings in a dangerously overloaded car across the country.
Together with our new VIF options we are looking forward to this year to ensure that the students of the university, with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesman said that no new bookings in its possession, because the service has just been introduced, but added that "students" to book the service in the next few weeks.
The company also said that despite the tuition fees of £ 9000 per year, expect a market for this offer.
Students today are very different in their expectations and demands of the students from 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and VIF can be exactly that.
The National Student Union criticised the service, however remote.
Megan Dunn, vice president of the NUS for higher education, said: " this offer seems completely separated from the lives of the majority of students.
Many students who begin this month with the study, face a cost of living crisis, because the available financial aid in the form of loans and grants with soaring bills for the simplest of livelihoods, before they are even thinking of spending thousands of pounds for something as simple as the arrival of a hostel.
Feminists criticising race and police conduct after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed earlier this month of a police officer in Ferguson, Mon genau.
The participants raised their hands in the air and chanting, "hands high, do not shoot," while they waited before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown noticed the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez, a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
After their experience, white feminist commentators sex before the race, when it comes to addressing reproductive rights and income inequality.
But while the increased tensions in the Midwest and received nationwide attention, saw Perez that the responses of white women revolved around the race to 100%.
Compared with the responses of black women shortly after the shots came from 9 August, the personal essays with titles like "thoughts on Ferguson by a white woman" and "feminism is not just about the oppression of women" relatively late.
But Perez was an important change.
"I do not think that feminism is many people who talk about the white and privileges on such high-class way," she said.
People were urged to express something about the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis we are facing and because the situation in Ferguson is ethnicized is that they need to express it.
The Ohio State University English professor Koritha Mitchell Ferguson problems brought to light by black American women every day, but they are not regarded as "women's issues" in the cultural area.
"I can publish something funny on Facebook about me and my partner and I get 150 likes will from anywhere," said Mitchell.
If I post something about how colours in their own country are under siege, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to talk publicly about a relationship, but not on safety in public spaces?" She asked.
For black women like Mitchell, race, gender and sexuality in the history of the USA, there is no dichotomy between racial and gender issues.
For them, black women have not had the luxury of separating the issues of clean; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women now connect the issues of race and gender in the feminist mainstream circles, says Angela Hattery, a professor of women's and Gender Studies at the George Mason University that their predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890 were lynched at least 10000 black men and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hattery.
White women have had to be involved in the story to justify the Lynch murder.
For Hattery came the chasm between white and black women could be at the point where white fighters for women's suffrage as Susan B. Anthony, the country in the late years of the 19th century, analyzed and discovered that the fight for the right to vote only for one group: women or blacks.
"They took the decision to campaign for women's suffrage and the right to vote for blacks should come later," said Hattery.
When you think of such things, is a white women do not trust with power aware why coloured women.
We have not done our job well.
We have never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women the right to vote in 1920, it took a decade for white women against the Lynchen in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching organised.
The group was established nearly 40 years after the original request for help from black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist responses to the questions raised by Ferguson - police behaviour, racial discrimination - a reflection of the time, in which white feminists "catch" with the problems, with black women for generations.
"Wouldn't it be great if the activists with such traditional feminist platforms, the right to education of a child as seriously as they do with the right to birth control?" Asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second generation, which built their careers on the battle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, and try to understand what that means.
The famous white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pithy article by Rebecca Carroll, the Guardian pundit, in which she calls for more protests by white Americans on the issue of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different, but parallel to understand a danger inherent in the body - and opinions on the race, which are different in public opinion polls - the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem stands for a more intersectional feminism, racial and gender issues, some are puzzled by their comments on the racial issue in America.
Christina summer, researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of Who Stole Feminism? " Said to She The People that young men in the United States, especially young colored men, " are far more vulnerable than their sisters, " but Steinems comments on Ferguson are in contrast to their earlier criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But as the White House recently, a small program, My Brother's Keeper, worked to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were infuriating reactions from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The ratio of police to the black community is not the only problem is that in the forefront of mainstream feminism.
After the US border police has almost 63000 unaccompanied minors on the southwest border of the country this year, is also the issue of immigration reform back to the surface - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women for immigration reform, said that for a reconsideration of the issue as an important issue for women only, they should publish the stories of immigrant women.
"These speak for themselves," said Mercado.
If the vast majority of the work visas of male immigrants, are the women who accompany them in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories find echoes in the women's organisations," she said.
"Pig" in Ipswich is listed for sale
The picture of a house for sale by estate agents, as it became clear that there was a large pig that had made it in the living room.
The detached house has a bedroom, is on a private street in Ipswich and retails for £ 120000.
Among the details included a picture of the living room of the house - which also included a pig that his head nestled on a sofa.
Estate agents Connells said the pig on the photo was the pet of the owner.
"The photo was mistakenly released and has since been removed," said a spokeswoman for the company.
The exposé of the house described Connells, the former house of assembly as a "unique detached house with one bedroom."
Although the broker's image has been removed from the site, it still appears on promotional material.
The house was for sale of interest in social media, when some wondered whether the pig was included in the purchase price.
The SW city Harvey is home to a new millionaire lottery
This month is a Lotto player off Harvey
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth continues, with a lucky winner, from the Lotto draw on Saturday receives almost $1.1 million.
A newspaper kiosk in Harvey moved for the second time in five years, the jackpot in the first division, after a $1 million in November 2009.
The lucky winner has yet to respond.
The store owner Steve Forward said the profit to gossip in the small town in the south-west of Perth.
The city is talking about nothing else, and they are all pretty excited.
We thought that could happen, such a prize.
Eight WA winner celebrated last month profits in the first division, a fitting conclusion for a couple of weeks, happy for the players in the state.
Last week a player from Canning Vale was one of the five millionaires in August, after a couple of Belmont just weeks before the mega profit of $7.5 million.
The winning pair had played for 20 years and said the win would give them the possibility of a world tour and buying a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in WA this year, with a total of nearly $85 million.
Leonidas asked in the gladiatorial arena
Not just the gladiators were ankle deep in mud at the first Rheinbacher Römertag in the amusement park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract yesterday more than 1000 visitors who braved the lot and the autumn cold and became enchanted by the historical spectacle.
There was a colorful series of presentations, performances, games, exhibits and information on the time of the Romans and their importance in the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the bellicose fighters force of the gladiator school "Amor Mortis," which used any rain break to demonstrate their robust martial art in the arena of prepared with soft sand.
Gladiators owner "Leonidas" proved to be a humorous and expert Präsentator and sent one of his men in the ring to the heroic duel in various gladiators genres.
At first, the "Provocatoren" turn with rectangular shield and short sword and leg rail on the left leg and Armschiene on the right arm.
It was followed by the "Essedarii" with breastplate, short sword and spear throwing and iron gladiator helmet, leg and Armguard.
Particularly impressive was the performance of the "Retiarius" drove litter network Three Zack and dagger against "Secutor" and after a short struggle the boys to the ground.
Since krachten metallic adorn the swords, shields schepperten and Wurflanzen flew surrend Arena that fear and worry was the health of gladiators.
But the impressive "summa Rudi," the beefy referee, always attentive eye.
"We wanted to revive the Roman daily life and experience the culture of the Roman era," explained Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizer "friends Romans channel", the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation, the amusement park for a day "Oppidum Romanum," a Roman city, as Vice-mayor Claus Wehage noted in his speech.
Finally, the Romans have not only brought war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings, which we still see today.
The remains of which were also to marvel at the Römertag "aqueduct-marble" by the 11-meter-high and 1400-metre Roman channel bridge, which was once in Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus Society, once the water and energy supplies and, now, and director Petra Fricke knew: "we still benefit from the knowledge of that time."
This was confirmed by graduate surveyor Ralph saint from "engineer team Two" from the Rhine river, the Romans surveying instruments such as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra.
The Roman villa at home, sketches and models of the excavations in 1894 and bricks from the original Hypokauste, hot-air heating, once the Roman villa.
Impressive the footprints that had been left behind by Wolf and fox two millennia in the kick, rode out of clay before burning it.
In 2011, the Office for soil restoration at the National Association of Rhineland had unearthed the remains of a Roman villa in the industrial park in North-Rhine river.
We have Umfassungsmauern a business building with a Darre for drying grain and Mälzen found.
The building was probably belongs to a villa Rustica, an agricultural commodity, the archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morsche Iser explained.
A number of pieces from these excavations showed it in a glass case, including a large plate, several fine glass vessels, as well as parts of a dainty necklace.
The villa was probably from first to fourth century A.D. exists until the invasion of the Germanic in the then Roman Rhineland, suspected Morsche Iser.
When the children were also with the Roman windmills game, similar to the present mill game, or they wrote as the Roman students their names with Metallgriffeln on wax tablets.
At the booth of the Roman Baths Zülpich were themselves the children of mosaics, tinkering at the stand of the glass museum Rhine river glass mosaics and a heavy wheat mill stone at the stand of the Nature Center Eifel Netter home in order to grind the flour on a flat bread or a muesli.
With the cars of two Kaltblütern drawn faithfully reproduced the visitors through the park and also came on the impressive booth Municipal Gymnasium here presented the results of their "Roman project weeks."
With a week of Romans from 13 to 21 September, will also guard mountain village in the Rhineland " Romans 2014, which is reminiscent of the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago.
Together with the home and history, and the guard Berger hiking club, the partnership and the amateur game circle Oberbachem amongst other things, thematic hikes, lectures, cooking evenings and tours are available for school classes and recall the Roman past guard.
It will be presented, for example, a Roman legionnaire from his work on the windswept guard mountain, plants as living monuments of the Roman and a witty lesson in terms of understanding between a group of guard Berger "Germanic" and performed in his lifetime.
The Adendorfer elementary school within a week of the project to the Romans.
With the Roman week the numerous, often but not at first glance, visible traces of the Romans in guard mountain should be made again.
The body of the town hall will have a small presentation reminiscent of the discovery of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola: the epidemic in West Africa economies
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a major blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned - and international companies at bay.
The devastating Ebola epidemic in West Africa, a severe blow to the economy.
The crops rotting in the fields, the mines are left orphaned and the markets - the virus has added to the region.
Some international companies are already at a distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not just a medical crisis, but also an economic one," the chief judge of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is the hardest hit
"It is a total disaster, we are losing a lot of money," says Alhaji Bamogo, clothing sold in the second-largest market in Liberia's capital Monrovia.
Now on the market, only those who want to buy food or something to disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia is the hardest hit by the virus alone, the fever of more than 600 people fell victim.
Recently, the health authorities declared that the disease had penetrated into every corner of the country.
In Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria, the virus has spread.
Overall, died more than 1500 people, thousands more stuck up.
Foreign firms attract employees
Everywhere in the resource-rich countries of their companies.
Foreign companies, such as the steel company ArcelorMittal withdraw their employees from several international airlines fly to the affected regions.
Also, the local traders and farmers react: only a few merchants leave their homes to buy supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, the rot in quarantine, among other things, important for the export of cocoa and coffee beans in the fields.
The farmers do not dare to leave their home for the harvest.
Food is scarce
"People will travel less and less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert on the economy of West Africa.
The man, for example, which is normally on the market and sold vegetables, prefer to remain at home.
The population directly, therefore the consequences of the epidemic and urgent: food is scarce.
In the markets is dwindling stocks of staples such as rice.
At the same time threatens the region heavily dependent on international companies a reputational damage - with far-reaching consequences.
The biggest danger is that international companies to avoid the area for a long time, basically, says Philippe Hugon of the French think tank Iris.
What is decisive is how far and how long will still spread the virus.
For investors, could give the impression that "it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, and thus also to invest," warns Hugon.
The disease also interferes with the strained state budgets in the states
The disease also burdened the already strained state budgets of the Member States concerned.
The credit rating agency Moody's is concerned that their budgets are under severe strain from high spending on the health care system and by the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank have already promised to help the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
The effects are already in Nigeria, where so far only a few Ebola cases have been diagnosed.
While the oil-rich region in the southern Niger Delta region has not been affected.
But elsewhere, many people remain at home for fear of contagion.
Reservations at hotels are dwindling.
To celebrate their 50th anniversary
The shooter "fir" Berngau celebrates its 50-year-old foundation from September 12-14.
In full swing at the shooting club fir the preparations for the 50-year-old foundation from September 12-14.
On Friday, September 12, a large entertainment evening with a group of "village of Rocker."
On Saturday, the big-shooting at 6 pm.
Then, the mood of the evening with "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam" in the big marquee.
Brass band provides the music
Highlights are on Sunday, the festival rites and 9.30 in the church and the great's Day Parade at 2 pm.
In the afternoon, the price of the distribution of federal and Gauschießens.
A particularly pretty to watch the 25 ladies with their Dirndln.
Festive chapel is the brass band Berngau.
The patronage, mayor Wolfgang Wild and State Secretary Albert Füracker.
The original name of "protecting society fir forest Berngau" dates back to 1907, when on 21 March, the association of "social entertainment through exercise in room spikes and small caliber shoot".
The Nazi regime had led to the dissolution of the association in 1937.
Only in 1964, have again found 19 young men who, on 30 April at the inn, Lukas "new" shooter "fir" Berngau.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the club to install as a master by a difficult early period in which it sought to find a club locally and the Schießbetrieb.
Even in the autumn of 1965, the shooters association in the inn "Leininger" with two teams in the competitions.
Established in the years that followed the shooting, which now were organized into seven teams, in all classes up to the 1 Gauliga.
The association's records purzelten annually and the magic figure of 380 rings was reached for the first time in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
Just as the performance of active shooter have increased the number of members have developed positively.
After the local association "Leininger" no longer meets the requirements of a modern shooters association, the former CEO, under the leadership of Johann Rinn decided to create a future in the cellars of the new "Landgasthof Härteis."
After a performance of 2700 hours issued on 8 May 1988 Strasser, pastor of the church blessing new shooter.
One of the great highlights in the history of the club was the 44th Gauschießen, combined with the solemn consecration of new shooters flag in July 1991.
On 23 and 24 April 1994, celebrated the shooting club its 30-year anniversary of its founding.
In 1995, is an established in-group.
Josef Schmalzl was-consultant.
A major challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the club as a whole was the focus of the Bavarian-meeting in 2005.
In many hours of volunteer work, the association members last year, the rooms and the Schießanlage in Berngauer yard modernized and thus on the state of the art.
Eleven teams in round competitions
I can also see the sporting achievements of the shooter.
A total of eleven teams currently in the rounds of competitions: six air rifle teams, an air pistol team, a sports pistols kk1, a youth and two AH-teams.
The first team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi and Kerstin Keller is in the round of the Gauoberliga 2013/14 (highest league in the district of League 1 in Schützengau TOS).
The second team with Verena moss Burger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml is from the Gauliga North in the Gauoberliga.
Besides the sport shooting events as Bock, carnival period (usually and royal ball, club and Christmas tradition.
With the shooter, also at the celebrations in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers accident in return to the racetrack
Tony Stewart's return to the circuit ended about halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart raced for the second time against the wall after his right front tire on lap 172 and ended his evening.
Stewart drove his damaged car into the garage and left without talking to journalists.
His team chief Chad Johnston said his 14-member team was disappointed, but it is now focusing on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we would have had a better performance and a better result for him," said Johnston.
We will go to Richmond and hope that we can do better.
Stewart raced earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch in a wall and the right side of his car was repaired.
"I am today, with quite good hopes for a good result," said Johnston, and added: "it simply has not worked."
Not long after the second accident, Stewart's car had been loaded into the tugboat and the team had packed and was ready to depart.
Stewart had three NASCAR Sprint Cup race, after his car hit another driver in a Aschenbahnrennen north in the state of New York and killed.
He decided to return this week and to win either in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond to win a place in the persecution.
He returned to his job during an investigation into the tragic incident, which led to the death of a 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. investigated. This was during a race on the track to confront Stewart.
The authorities disclosed on Friday that investigations into the cause of the accident will continue for at least another two weeks.
No decision has been made about whether Stewart should expect a prosecution.
So the champion was greeted with great applause when he was presented before the race.
After a start in 12th position, Stewart was shortly afterwards, in the first 10 and was temporarily to fourth place.
After a restart on lap 122, Busch
With the number 18 out of control after the exit of curve 2 and clashed with Stewart, and both cars were against the wall.
Stewart went on, but was ranked 21.
Merry dance Young sought
Just try: Laura, Lena, Lisa Marie, Bettina, Emma and Director Lisa Neitzel (left) looks forward to.
How many other clubs also makes the jazz groups in TV Jahn to create full-day lessons at secondary schools.
Some groups have been decimated after the summer holidays.
Now is a sport that is healthy and great fun.
In both the jazz and modern-dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, a former dancer in the jazz and modern dance band "spirits" are just nine children.
"In three of the group of eight- to 12-year-old, six in the group of 12- to 15-year-olds," says the 20-year-old.
With more athletes a lot more fun, "could be very different dance choreography," she says.
Who is interested in dancing on Thursdays between 5 and 6.00 p.m. and Fridays between 5 and 6: 30.00 p.m. in the dance room at the former Hotel Meyer, free street 9, non-committal on the training hour hineinschnuppern.
"The regular training begins with a Aufwärmprogramm," says the trainer.
Then practiced different choreography.
Jazz dance, the feature is that there is no predetermined form and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements of folklore about classical music to sports and acrobatics are processed in jazz dance.
Also, of course, is not short of sociability.
"We are also eating, watching movies and dance we have ever stayed in the dance space," says Lisa Neitzel.
In the group can be friends, share a wonderful hobby, and still do a lot for their own motor development.
Who is not jazz dance, which can also in one of the other offerings of TV Jahn hineinschnuppern.
Children and young people can always Wednesday in education in the areas of children's dance/jazz dance, Bambini-ballet, clip-dancing and hip-hop in the teaching hineinschnuppern.
The dance coach Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are welcome to the dance nights on Monday and Wednesday.
Anyone who wants to Discofox, Lang seeds waltz, Viennese waltz, rumba, chachachá and Tango, drop by and join in.
Bulgarian prison guards protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison staff from all over Bulgaria in the Justiziministerium organised a nationwide protest in the capital, Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands for a restoration of its old working conditions that have recently been changed.
Higher salaries are also on a list of demands, which is to be discussed with the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
The officials, symbolic protest against the new working hours for a month and call for a return to the previous 24-hour shifts.
Despite the meeting between the union of prison staff and representatives of the Justiziministeriums no agreement was reached, the national Bulgarian Ratio (BNR) reported.
The negotiations are continuing, informed the Director General for the implementation of sanctions, Rosen Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest by the prison staff is expected to be supported by members of the union association of employees of the Ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian army has abandoned the airport in Luhansk
In eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters are on the rise.
After heavy battles in which allegedly Russian tank battalions were involved, the Ukrainian army today, Monday, the airport of Lugansk rebel center.
The army also reported that in the past 24 hours, seven soldiers have been killed.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had already drawn human consequences of the heavy defeat of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the top army leadership, without details.
Pro-Russian separatists shooting aircraft
In the fight against Ukrainian government forces, pro-Russian separatists have shot down a fighter plane and two military helicopters at its presentation.
Around 100 soldiers were also killed in combat in the region of Donetsk have been injured and shared the insurgents on Monday, according to Russian agencies.
The coast guard ships sunk
The rebels also claimed to have sunk the first two boats of the Ukrainian Coast Guard in the Sea of Azov.
The Ukrainian border guards confirmed that two of its vessels were on Sunday near the port city of Mariupol has come under fire.
In seven border guards were injured, a spokesman in Kiev said the channel 112.ua.
Two crew members were missing.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists also reported to have several towns in the Donetsk region under their control.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Belarusian capital of Minsk today meets Ukraine-Contact Group.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE should also attend a messenger of the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
In advance of all the actors used their appearances to publicise their demands.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break its agreement with Russia by the planned deployments in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels, NATO sticks to the foundation agreement of the NATO-Russia Council in 1997.
The NATO chief, however, accused Russia of "a flagrant breach of the agreement."
"Today, we must face the reality that Russia not NATO as a partner," said Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from the Russian side, "that they regard us as the enemy."
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen has also announced its intention to reinforce the NATO presence in Eastern Europe.
"At the NATO summit in Wales to beschließender" readiness action plan will ensure that "we will have a more visible NATO presence in the East, as long as this is necessary," said Rasmussen on Monday in Brussels.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new Gasgespräche
Russia and Ukraine have agreed to new talks to resolve their gas dispute, according to official figures.
The negotiations were scheduled for Saturday, Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Monday.
It will have to wait for a decision by the European Union, whether it is also a representative to the talks entsende.
Because of the dispute over the price of gas to Ukraine for weeks, no more fuel from Russia.
Finally, EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger had mediated between the two sides.
Ukraine had warned that Russia could cut off gas supplies to Europe.
Europe is about one third of its gas from Russian sources, much of which passes through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks Power Word: toll will come "very clear"
Now the Chancellor clearly once again.
A licence for all the complicated details, but it is not.
Persistent concerns from the CDU against the car toll, the CSU is wroth.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke after persistent opposition from her CDU a power word for introducing a toll for passenger cars.
"To put it bluntly, it is in the coalition agreement, and it will come," said the party leader on Monday after meetings of the CDU's top bodies in Berlin.
In a detailed model of Merkel, but not for the moment.
"Certain parameters" in black-and-red government program.
Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) has "made a proposal, and will now continue to work."
The North Rhine-Westphalia, the CDU, however, insists on saying ' no ' to a toll on all roads.
Merkel stressed, Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) also engage constructively in the discussions on a draft law.
On the subject, he spoke with Dobrindt also have more options to enable more private capital for investment in infrastructure, such as the promotion of broadband.
"There is nothing special about it." Schäuble had mounted on Sunday a "mirror" report, his house was considering its own plan to reward highway investors with toll revenues - after the election in 2017.
CSU chief Horst Seehofer warned subsequently develop toll concepts against the competent ministers in the cabinet.
CDU federal Vice Armin Laschet reiterated his objections.
"The coalition agreement, never thought to put all of the county and federal roads," said the North Rhine-Westphalia, the CDU-Land chairman.
So it is an important signal that Seehofer announced now to speak again about the issue.
Opposition to the plans by the CDU regional associations of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background, fears that a toll affects local border traffic to neighboring states.
Seehofer was asked about the toll of criticism from the ranks of the CDU coalition loyalty.
The left sees the plans in light of the dispute in the European Union as a failure.
"The Murks-toll is dead," said party leader Bernd Riexinger, the "new Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"With the toll fails the minister." Dobrindt wants to introduce a motorway toll sticker on all German roads, which will start in 2016.
Domestic car owners should be taxed according to the coalition agreement, but no further.
Therefore they should receive full compensation for the toll on the vehicle tax.
The model of foreign drivers, but not under EU law at a disadvantage because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder is often misdiagnosed
A British woman says she thought as a result of a misdiagnosis for many years that she would die.
Karin Rodgers lived almost all her youth in the belief that she had only a few years to live after being diagnosed with another illness.
They really suffered from the Charcot-Marie-tooth disease (CMT) - a group ererbter disorders that damage the nerves outside the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK said that the misdiagnosis is a common problem in humans with CMT, because so little is known about the disease.
Some 23000 people in Britain probably suffering from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders, such as muscle weakness, an insecure and curved toes.
Ill also suffer from feelings of industrial or pain, the disease is incurable and progressive, meaning that the symptoms become worse over time.
When Rodgers was 13, she believed that they suffer from Fried rich-ataxia (FA) - a disease with very poor chances of survival.
Rodgers thought she would sit in a wheelchair, before they were 18, and die before her 30th birthday.
The mother of two children, who is now 51 years old, said: " as a child, I knew I could not do the same as the others.
I fell backwards and everything took longer for me.
I could never go with the other children roller skaters or skateboard and was often in school because of my way to go and to run gehänselt.
Rodgers said that she realised at the age of 13 years after several operations to discharge her Achilles and stretching their legs, their medical records, when her doctor had left the room and read that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty, because I was curious, so I have told anyone, but I went home, looked after the disease in the library and wrote to the FA," she said.
When I received reply, I was shocked and dreadfully in panic.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair with 18 and 25 die, and would slowly lose all my skills.
I did it all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said that when she was 17, she realized that their skills had not declined as much as they had imagined and inquired of her doctor.
He just stood up and hugged me and said, "my love, I do not think that you have it, otherwise you were already in a wheelchair."
I think you have something far less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests, she was diagnosed with CMT.
"When he told me what was CMT, I felt as if I have a winner," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT Awareness month to draw attention to the disease.
Staff sergeant retired Berni Diether works since the closure of the former military training area as Feuerwerker
For almost ten years shot at the former military training place in Münsingen anymore.
Still appears every month deadly munitions in the heart of the biosphere in a Swabian Alb.
The shells are sometimes so dangerous that they need to be blown up on the ground.
A deafening bang echoes the pitch over the heart of the biosphere.
In December 2004, the last of sharp shot on the training place Münsingen, which was closed after 110 years of military operations at the end of 2005.
Since that time, the 6500-hectare site at the heart of the Swabian Alb Biosphere, which is open to 13 trails for hikers and cyclists.
The tax burden of business people in the Washington area is rising with economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers and more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax rulings for companies in the country rose slightly last year, while the accelerated economic recovery, a new study published last week, and the companies in the Washington area were no exception.
Companies in the region District, Maryland and Virginia, jointly paid $27.6 billion in state and local authorities in the financial year 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent over the 2012 revenue of $26.6 billion.
The state and local tax burden of the company rose by 4.3 percent last year to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 percent in the previous year, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after several years of declining Opinions in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes rose to more than the local taxes by 4.3 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by the Center for National tax, a tax policy group of the Services agency Ernst &amp; Young.
More than half the tax revenues of the District, 56 percent, comes from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of the revenue of Maryland from companies.
Virginia, with 28 percent, the lowest tax revenue from companies.
A large part of the increase in tax revenues is in a recovery of the real-estate values of the companies, say the researchers, which led to an increase in real estate taxes by 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these profits from large states like California, New York and Texas, the process seems to be for the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid more than $10 billion in state and local property taxes last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - an increase in the course of a year by 4.2 percent.
But the apparent recovery in the real-estate values is not as effective in improving state and local tax revenue in Maryland, as the real estate taxes to barely more than a fifth of the amount of tax decisions of companies.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of property taxes.
"In Maryland is the following: a large proportion of the property, especially in the tax area around D.C., is either owned by the government or non-profit organizations that do not pay property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, Managing Director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely, for example, more on income taxes, in order to offer the same services that other countries.
The recent recovery in tax revenues from companies cannot be attributed solely to the recovery of the real estate market
Corporate earnings also appear to recover, the data.
Companies in the region reported income taxes for state organisations from $2.3 billion, compared with 2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took a $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest amount in the region.
While the trend is heading in the same direction, rising evenly to the local tax burden on companies is not at all three locations.
The Anstiegsrate in the District was at 4.3 percent of the national average, while the rise in Maryland was significantly higher, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia, reported a unterdurchschnittliches tax revenue of 4.1 percent.
Virginia, with 6 percent in all three areas of the lowest corporate income taxes (in all three there are fixed corporate tax rates).
The corporate tax rate in Maryland stands at 8.25 percent and in the District at relatively high 9.975 percent.
A similar study by the US Chamber of Commerce at the beginning of this year showed that in Virginia lower state and local corporate taxes and generally a better tax climate than in Maryland.
In the study of the District was not investigated.
Despite the advantages of Virginia, is under pressure from its southern neighbors.
North Carolina has passed laws to reduce its corporate tax rates in this year of 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same sentence as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent next year.
If the state continues its revenue targets in the coming year, this law could reduce the corporate income tax rate of the state of up to 3% by 2017.
In the meantime, it seems better to go to small businesses in the Washington area, and so they pay more state and local taxes, so the recent study.
Corporate taxes paid by small business and personal income taxes - a transitional structure, organized according to the most small businesses - in the District, Maryland and Virginia rose last year by 20 percent to $2.4 billion, a sharp faster growth rate than the corporate taxes as a whole.
The researchers say that the trend and the increase in corporate taxes in the country are likely to persist this year, with an increase in the general VAT revenues for the state and local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014, compared with the same period of the previous year.
However, the region could lag behind Washington, if the spending cut in the federal government has an impact on the labour market in the region.
Twin town: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - also a popular combination in China.
German beer has an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's sister city in China now wants a brewery and also hopes for a flight direct connection between the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's partner city Guangzhou - that is the urgent wish of officials in China.
"We would be delighted if a German brewery would settle in our city," said the deputy party secretary of the South China metropolis, Li Yiwei, this week during a visit to a SPD delegation in his city.
Again and again, the leader of the ruling Communist Party of China in the course of the conversation to this concern, the 12-million metropolis.
Guangzhou, also known as Canton, in Germany, is one of the richest cities of China, Li was canvassing.
Therefore, the people who have purchasing power to be able to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairman Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel, who led the German politician delegation, said the host, he would hear in Germany for a possible partner for the project.
"For beer, it does not take much: good water, grain and joie de vivre," he added at a lunch with the party upper in Guangzhou.
The joy of life strahle Mr Li, he flattered the hosts.
Then came the functionary from Guangzhou with Schäfer-Gümbel - albeit with red wine, which was served at dinner.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao traces back to German brewing beer.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German purity law.
More business transactions
A second request of the Chinese hosts would be a direct flight connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said deputy leader Li.
The Lufthansa flight had offered earlier, but cancelled in 2012 due to economic reasons.
"It would be worth", were convinced the local politicians.
"The business connections between our two cities increasingly."
Currently, travelers have to detour via Changsha in Hunan Province, Li complained.
Also, the administration of Guangdong province, whose capital is Guangzhou, hopes for the flight.
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, this wish during his meeting with the Social Democrats.
"This is a very good idea," said Shepherd-Gümbel - Chinese Vice-Minister Li Jinjun, an intimate knowledge of Germany, nodded approvingly.
Neat partnership
The leutselige deputy party chief of Guangzhou hopes that he can visit Frankfurt a partnership next year.
Li Yiwei, was already on Main, but not yet in office.
He only came to office this year after his predecessor had been promoted from office on corruption charges.
Also, the local party chief Wan Qinglian had to go.
The action against the officials of Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and the administration, which is enforced by the hardness of leader Xi Jinping.
The new leaders, Li Yiwei had worked against his party career for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Chinese Communist Party.
Before he took office in Guangzhou, he was a top official in Fujian, where the automakers VW built a magnum opus.
Frankfurt is officially received more than a dozen town-twinning.
The connection to the Guangzhou 9000 kilometres away is one of those that are maintained by both sides, with a student exchange.
Last year, celebrated the 25th anniversary of Sino-German relationship.
The South China metropolis on the Perlfluss comes with its economic power is almost as much as all of Hesse.
Next year she wanted to achieve a GDP of $250 billion, said Li.
The family of Joan Rivers "fingers crossed"
Joan Rivers is unconscious since her admission to a hospital three days ago in New York City; her daughter, but today, hopeful that the 81-year-old female comedy recovered from her illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said today in a statement.
We all keep our fingers crossed.
Her mother was, according to sources on Thursday after an emergency due to cardiac stop at a clinic on the Upper East Side, York Ville Endoscopy in Mount Sinai hospital.
The doctors think they are deliberately sediert and under observation until they are satisfied with their condition is described as "serious."
The reactions came from many quarters, including in the form of a vast online support from Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaners and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners, which is placed on the market today, stricter environmental standards.
Like refrigerators and washing machines, new vacuum cleaners from 1 September to put a label on which the buyer can at a glance central data such as the energy efficiency of the device.
Apply for new cars in the category of "euro 6" stringent nitrogen oxide levels.
There is also more money for the Scaffolders: receive a uniform national minimum wage of $10.25 euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed what information had reported on Monday morning: the online retailer - and video producer, and a host of other things - buys the video streaming service Twitch for $1.04 billion (US $970 million).
The announcement is a surprise, not because nobody had expected an acquisition of Twitch, but because it was widely believed that YouTube would acquire the company.
Three months ago, it looked as though the sale of Twitch to the video service of Google decided for a cool billion, and the cooperation was also, of course.
Twitch, which was founded just three years ago as Justin.tv was started as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for players who wanted their bravura pieces published in games, "a YouTube for live games," says an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let us play," a video genre, a painting of secret science theatre in salving the (usually older) games, are already very popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is often called, if you want to describe Twitch, so was the news that YouTube would buy Twitch, a bit bored, a textbook example of an established technology company that buys a potential competitor.
It is a mystery as to why the deal with YouTube was not derailed, because the company is reportedly willing to pay as much as Amazon.
Everything we know about at the moment, this statement is Emmet Shear, president of Twitch: "we chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision and they want to help us get there faster."
Another secret is, frankly, the incredible success of Twitch.
Am going to like me, who say that they prefer to play sports as a watch, it is hard to understand the attraction, which assumes that watching other games to even the control console.
It is one thing, a friend at 3.00 a.m. to look over the shoulder, while it creeps through Resident Evil, and quite another to a spinner poke it 20 times in succession in Call of Duty is shot in the head.
You could just look at all these games.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are ego games, so it can be to watch it without its own control over the prospect of a good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the quick passes, the Roger Bannisters in our electronic age whole games in record time, entertaining.
But as long as not a game or humor virtuoso is his Twitch channel is probably not as interesting.
But what skeptics know as I have of it?
Twitch is called 55 million different visitors a month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic.
And how exactly will Amazon make money from it?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch so elegantly in Amazon Instant Video is integrated, such as YouTube, Twitch would have simply swallow.
But Twitch has something any company would like: thousands of young men who are courted as advertisers.
As the chairman of Twitch, Shear said that Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and the medium shows no sign of a contraction, not yet - schluck - as a spectator sport.
On the bouncy castle at the castle garden, had a lot on Saturday.
The concept of the organisers.
Despite the strong Regengusses on Saturday evening, an estimated 1200 music fans to the open-air festival in the castle garden.
At times had to be stopped at all.
"It was annoying," said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel l light and fun.
Two Spanish words Maxim Sachraj and Ron Shem, the name of Amula.
Because the Open Air in the Salzwedeler castle garden brightness radiate through various shows during the day and evening.
Oh, and the fun comes from anyway.
This became evident early on Saturday, when the first visitors to the open air journeys.
A feast for all generations, the organizers had promised.
And they have done it.
It had Salzwedeler, but also guests from their immediate surroundings relaxing around the supply levels at the castle garden lawn.
They watched the first live performances, wippten with one foot to the beat, enjoyed cool drinks - in short: pure relaxation and enjoyment.
And across the generations.
While the one on blankets on the extra angekarrten white sand at the beach bar lümmelten, others raged at a quarter of wine in the wine labten, the young on the bouncy castle, which was a great attraction for the smaller guests.
But even in the crafts of the volunteers had their hands full in the truest sense of the word, to the onslaught of spells and imaginative creations in the little faces.
Adults took the Kickertische or took part in a skateboard workshop that the Good Foot-crew from Salzwedel.
Until the big rain came.
Shortly before 5: 30.00 p.m. prasselte down to the visitors, especially families sought the vastness and dry.
But the attraction of the festival did not diminish.
"There were more people than expected," said Ron Sem, who spoke of a "success across the board."
Therefore am a repeat of the major party in the coming year.
Although the event is still working on the content and size, Sem, in a first assessment on Sunday with the popular vote, made it clear.
He described as annoying that the admission had to be stopped.
Obviously, the security company has been booked with too little staff.
The result: some people who had already paid, were no longer on the site.
The response has been very good.
In a first tentative estimate said the Salzwedeler participates in about 1200 visitors who once thronged in the castle garden.
There have been problems in the marriage.
The Salzwedeler hip-hop band blocks'n'Rox broke their appearance so unnerved.
The technicians were not able to create a semi-reasonable tone.
The planned shisha lounges could not be built because the tents are not due to a puncture could be transferred to Salzwedel.
"Next year, but they will be," according to the organizers.
The premiere of the Amula Open Airs was more than achieved by the number of visitors.
And in bad weather.
However, the organizers have made some mistakes, for the first time, but must be eliminated at the second edition.
Also on the social network Facebook organizers criticism.
"Sorry, but for 12 euros you just expected more," says Melanie Meier on the event page.
"You have unfortunately taken a bit," says Ele Zimmermann at the same place.
Others see the teething problems are not quite so closely.
I think it is very good that some chat is not only stupid, but also to really try to put something on the floor.
Hats off! ", writes Stephanie Jenß to Amula.
Now the organizers this time next year to address these criticisms.
New Radom in Berkum: guard's landmark shrinks
It is not expected.
Rather, the lying part is waiting to be used in the distinctive building.
The action is set in the context of a larger measure: almost 50 years after the construction of the space observation radar TIRA, the shell, the so-called Radom, completely renewed.
The new Radom will be smaller than the old one with a diameter of 47.5 meters.
The size is still a world record.
The final step in completing the new case is the canopy exchange
The upper quarter of the old shell separated and removed with a crane.
Then set up the last quarter of the new vessel.
If the weather is going to take the action at the start of this week.
Participant at the Ice-Bucket Challenge jaw dislocates itself
Isabelle Roberts from Britain cried so much when their eiskaltes water was poured over the head that she injured the bone structure of her face.
The Ice-Bucket Challenge painful went belly up.
A woman was hospitalised after she had cried at the Ice-Bucket Challenge so much that they are the jaw ausrenkte.
Isabelle Roberts from Britain kreischte so much as their eiskaltes water was poured over their head that they injured their facial structure.
"The water was so cold that I cried, and while I was the fact that my jaw was simple," she said to The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts for a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but it was not, the jaw was verhakt, and then I realized that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister saw it and were almost laughing in the pants, but I was taken to the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from Britain was crucially hospitalised in the jaw after taking part in the viral trend on Tuesday.
The clip was linked to an Internet sensation and a thousand times on Facebook and Twitter.
The castle clubs soon buddies again?
Finally, there has been disagreement between the two wolf Council Hauser castle.
Now the executives to think about a possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the wolf Council Hauser castle, the late Richard Dimbath, former chairman of the Council of Wolf Hauser castle friends, the project in the French Guédelon.
A year ago, there was not a good climate between the castle and the castle of Wolfratshausen friends.
Seemed very different positions so far, as with the history of the wolf council houses and a possible reconstruction.
Now the two sides together: it should soon be held talks on a common approach.
This confirms the club executive Torsten Sjöberg (Castle) and Herbert Piffl (friends) to demand of our newspaper.
"I have phoned Mr Piffl and suggested that we could sit down together again," says Sjöberg.
In his view, all members of both clubs could pull together in the future.
So are quicker to visible results.
While the castle for the suddenly deceased Richard Dimbath until the end of a reconstruction of the castle in the mountain forest in the eye, stands for the Association for Sjöberg ' unlocking and Erlebbarmachung " of the site.
Herbert Piffl, second chairman of the castle of friends, was very pleased by its own account of the call.
He is the castle of friends since Dimbaths death.
A new chairman is to be found in a general meeting in mid-September.
Currently, the association, according to the 74-year-olds around 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath, we have the first association activities out of respect." This "theory" was needed to "consider how we might proceed."
According to Piffl is the new chairman will be in the conversation with the club.
Meanwhile, the castle of friends could also make a current mood within their group.
A candidate for the presidency, there is not yet, says Piffl.
"But I am confident that someone will find" and he will not run because he has his residence in Bad Toelz.
The new chairman should be a wolf council houses.
The Tölz wants to continue to participate in the project "but very happy."
The different points of view in terms of reconstruction in the eyes of Piffls seems to be in the near future.
He praises Dimbath as "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France, would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
By a large number of the people, and volunteers from all over the world, they are a tourist magnet.
Piffl: " I was skeptical at the beginning.
Over time, but I am more and more convinced that it makes sense to move the project forward. " It could be a " USP " for the Flößerstadt.
Here, there is nothing else.
In addition, the project by EU grants, coupons and potential sponsors would be financeable, believes Piffl.
"The idea of reconstruction, I personally do not throw away." He hoped that the castle club might move on this point.
Their goal is to document the story first, "is important and good."
Then we could see further.
Clever ways to save for university textbooks
As the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $1000 per year, pondered the fast second-semester student Matt Schroeder, a clever idea of austerity.
He invented a surrogate system for books by students of higher semester and offered a nominal compensation to delay the re-sale.
"My maths book normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-biscuit," said Schroeder, 19, who visited the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester had cost him $430, he said.
He gave $120.
The college management told the students, on average, more than $1200 per year for textbooks and study material that there were, however, various costs options for students.
Online stores and creative approaches as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for the students.
The hiring of textbooks is popular, and so students can use a book a semester long, often at a much lower price than buying.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university bookstores, said that the hiring of text books have doubled since 2011.
Polls in the industry, show that about one-quarter of the books in the college bookstores was hired last spring semester, said Neebos Vice President Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books bought in campus bookstores, according to the trade association, National Association of College Stores.
Here is the ABC for the best deals.
Buy online
Some new books online cost only one-third of the price for which they are in the campus bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" I will just describe how Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, but can be obtained at the specialized textbook retailers Chegg.com for 239.99 dollars.
Buy used
If one of the notes or other normal tracks, used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is needed on Chegg.com for 93.49 dollars.
Matt Casaday, 25, a student at Brigham Young University, says that he has spent on Amazon.com 42 cents for a secondhand edition of ' Strategic Media Decisions: understanding The End Of The Business Advertising Business. "
The book was sold for $48.
Academics such as Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls advised students to ask their professors, whether previous spending is permissible.
Sometimes the updates for the seminar papers are not relevant.
In such cases, older issues often can be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
Besides Chegg and Amazon is Half.com by eBay Inc, a popular alternative for used books.
Rent
The hiring of textbooks is worth considering if you treat them reasonably well, remember to give them back and you do not want to keep the books after completing the course.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased book.
A student could, for example, "Calculus" during one semester rent for around $20.
Inform yourself about the terms of the transaction, where you rent, also about the criminal charges, if applicable, for writing, underlined or tracks.
Renters beware: if you do not return the book, the criminal charges may even exceed the price of a new book.
E-books
Also, e-books instead of traditional textbooks are an option.
Sometimes these books are de facto rented by an electronic license is available for a certain period of time of major retailers such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes &amp; Noble Inc.
At Chegg "Calculus" for 6 months rent for about $61.
Bracey says that students in literature courses often find the best offers, because many classics nowadays can be downloaded free of charge, while scientific and engineering science textbooks can be very expensive.
Look around in any case.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon visit the Pepper Dine Law School, recommends the ISBN number for calculating the price for books, because you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And in an online order should be considered Gault whether the book is actually available.
He learned this lesson the hard way.
He bought a book for four weeks, and eventually paid the full price in the college bookstore.
Why ' Guardians of the Galaxy " was a box office hit
"The Expendables 3" played by Sylvester Stallone, less than $30 million of his $90 million budget in the US, while "sin City: a Dame to Kill For" album only 12 million dollars of its budget of $70 million.
The tailored to Cameron Diaz film "sex Tape" played on the opening weekend, only $14.6 million, while children's films like "tame dragon made easy 2" also disappoint in revenue.
An article in the Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that children's films, the lack of quality in the films themselves could be the reason.
Collin described 2014 as "the worst year" for children's films and described "tame dragons made easy 2" as a purely "functional" fantasy sequel.
In films for a slightly older audience, however, it appears as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaS core and Metacritic rating for each summer film start between the American Memorial Day and the 20th of July 2013, and in the current year to at least 2000 screens.
The results are based on the opinion of the film-goers and film critics and indicate that this year's film hits equivalent to those of last year.
Some commentators believe that the development of changing viewing habits and the growing popularity of Web-streaming services like Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney's upcoming Jungle Book film, said to the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think the times are changing."
We must accept that and not try to chase after the past.
In contrast to the currently weak cash results of Hollywood productions generated revenues Netflix recently with the streaming content to the tune of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year, the turnover was $837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized the film studios is that it is too much focused on film versions of comics, and predicted a "meltdown" in Hollywood.
Seen in the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that his gloomy prophecy could indeed contain a kernel of truth.
In view of the expected in the summer of 2015, a potential blockbuster, including Aven Gers: age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, however, are more optimistic, the other representatives of the film industry.
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, recently described the decline in the cash results than simply "cyclical" and said to the Hollywood Reporter: "the next summer will be the biggest summer at the cinema box office, and no one will worry more about the business."
A few years ago the 2 table tennis district class for streamlining the leagues-classification was removed, that is a step in the right direction.
Now the German Table Tennis Association has taken extra 3 Bundesliga into the program.
The result: anyone who is not, is now appears.
Thus, Göttingen classes tallest team Torpedo in the Oberliga-Relegation avoided the descent, plays in the upcoming season, however, only fünftklassig.
Viertklassig remain torpedoes, despite their grandiose By march to the regional league.
The boys and girls of torpedo in the Lower Saxony league, as well as the boys of the SC Weende.
The SG ling and the torpedo-reserve of the new Association league, in the league are no longer represented Göttingen clubs.
The ladies of the TTV Geismar plays in the league, the torpedo-second in the league.
What is the composition looks like a better class of district, now the new district Oberliga South.
This involves TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, FC Weser and the TTC.
Play in the league as a regional representative peks field and the SC Weende, begins in the class of the TTC II, red-and-white, Bovender SV II, and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III Oberliga district of the ladies, at least in nominal strength.
Güntersen, the TTC and TTV Geismar II are here with us.
Start in the league run torpedo III, a/Wöllmarshausen.
With nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girls into the small district league.
Also, the district league season the SCW-boys - starts there still torpedo II - is not complete.
In a district of class Geismar, Tuspo Weende and Bovender SV in the season.
In the first season of an enormous boost region association's two Göttingen county leagues with nine teams.
In the West are the season Rot-Weiß II, Bovender SV III, Laubach II, IV and V Torpedo, MTV Grone, peks fields SC II, Mielenhausen and SG ling learning II.
In the East squadron was among other things, a/Wöllmarshausen, Nicholas Berg and Landolfshausen.
The women's team consists of a line-Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
That is still better than in Osterode, where there is no longer at district level no women's team.
What is striking is that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen nominal strength, here is the innovative and dynamic circuit board have to worry about.
Nato summit: first protests in Newport and Cardiff
Over the weekend there were protests by opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport on an anti-NATO march.
On Sunday, about 150 people in Cardiff in front of the local town hall to hold a counter-summit.
Stephen Fairclough has listened to us, the developments over the weekend and spoke with demonstrators who travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenager flown out from the Blue Mountains
TWO teenage bush walkers were transported with the winch to safety after they were caught in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
THE 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man broke shortly after noon Sunday in Govetts Leap in Blackheath on her tour.
Worried relatives called the police at about 8.00 p.m., when the two had not returned home.
A search party broke from local police and rescue services, and the couple was found in the vicinity of Bridal Veil Falls at about 11pm.
The girl was injured in the knee and the man had fallen and had his head turned.
Rescuers stayed overnight at the couple, and they were flown out on Monday morning.
They were taken in stable condition with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains Hospital.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
The approximately 1000 protesters had been pushed by soldiers from the PTV building, Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said.
The station was reopened after half an hour of the broadcast.
PTV director Athar Farooq said that the demonstrators with sticks have damaged equipment in the newsroom.
Deaths or injuries were reported.
The protesters demand the resignation of the government, which they accuse of election fraud.
The police said that it was around a kilometre away from the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday renewed clashes of around 3000 demonstrators, with security forces.
According to hospital figures, a policeman was injured.
Over the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 were injured when protesters tried to penetrate Sharif residence.
They call for the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called on Sunday evening after a meeting at the army headquarters to a political solution to the conflict, "without wasting time and without the use of force."
Further, it was said in the statement: "the Army remains committed to its role to ensure the security of the state".
The escalating violence has fueled concern about an intervention by the military, which has already taken more frequently in the past.
The protests led by opposition politician Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri preachers take since Independence Day on August 14.
Sharif rejects a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had their supporters on Sunday called for beginning.
"We will not go back without forced Sharif to resign," said Khan.
Qadri said the same thing.
Khan accuses Sharif before the parliamentary election in May last year, won by fraud.
Qadri urged the resignation of the central and provincial governments.
Then, an interim government to reform the electoral system and call a new election.
More than 40000 security forces are deployed to protect the government district.
The demonstrators had initially been sitting peacefully in front of Parliament until Khan and Qadri to crowd at the weekend, Sharif residence.
Hütteldorfer after second season victory at third place in the table.
With a 2-0 on Grödig has taken on Sunday hoping for a grim week.
"The victory is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had reached the point in the Europa League on Thursday, an interim deep.
"This success was very important," confirmed captain and Torschütze Steffen Hofmann, with green-and-white position on three.
Schrammel-Traumtor brings Rapid, Rapid on road to victory with the second season victory, the right response to the disappointment against Helsinki and with a sense of achievement in the international match-break.
"We wanted to show a positive response," said the foreign defenders Thomas Schrammel, with its splendid leadership volley from Sechzehnereck in the 14th minute, set the course for victory.
"I thought I hau all the frustration of Thursday and schnalzte it under the bar," said the 26-year-old smiling.
As a Schrammel on 13 Novmember 2010 had met the last time in a Bundesliga game, which was still in Ried.
The first championship match in the Rapid-dress him in special memories.
"For me it is something special, I am from the Rapid-kids," said Schrammel.
Due to the short-term pool-Blessur Mario Pavelic got Schrammel from left to right defensive side and there was a very good.
He has enough experience that he can also reversed that position.
The goal, he has earned this year, he has already done some assists, praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel also supplied the flank to 2-0 by Hofmann after an hour, finally made the decision.
Because before that might well have been able to write to the guests.
"Thank goodness we have had a bit of luck today," noted also Schrammel, alluded to the divergence of performance and result in the last few weeks: "the results have not voted, but the Spielerische was always good," compared to last year.
Barisic was even that "in many games better than today" - "against" the strongest team that played in this stadium this season.
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July have therefore proved that the team structure intact despite setbacks: "today, my team has shown that it has" character.
No less enjoyable for him: "we finally played to zero."
A lot of work while countries break Even the fact that Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni alar and Michael Schimpelsberger several failures, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp Schob Berger gave their Startelfdebüts, make the victory even more valuable.
"We must not forget," warned Barisic, who lost in the past three days with Behrendt and Pavelic players, "which were very stable lately."
The countries break should therefore be used "to lick wounds and in the physical area a bit," said Barisic, who has five U21-selection players in its ranks.
One, the break is particularly suits captain, Hofmann.
He tears up for the team, goes on about pain.
It is precisely in this difficult phase, he has shown that he is a very important player for us, " noted Barisic.
Hofmann gave the Rapids game before his substitution in the 68th minute, not just the structure, but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year-olds, who completed his 350 Bundesliga game, it was the first hit out of the game since November 2, 2013 (4: 2 in).
Hofmann: " we must not think that now everything is good, " " we have certainly had a bit of luck, but at some point, the luck to come back to us.
Now it was time, " Hofmann said.
But he warned in concentrated work: " you can see it is not always black and white.
In recent weeks, we have not played as bad as it has been portrayed.
But we must not think that now it is all good.
He could not deny the importance of his role in the team.
It is a very young team, I can very much help at the moment.
The stick at certain stages in me, " said Hofmann.
Grödig coach Michael Baur had little to reproach himself and his team.
He regretted the quick counter-hits "from the category Zaubertor", as well as the regular gate of farm in the 40th minute by referee Kollegger wrongly denied.
The only criticism I can make the team is that we were not specific enough in some phases of the penalty box.
We have had too few titles.
Defenders Maximilian Karner, it looked like: " it has started badly, but then we have found and even a gate.
By and large, would have been more understanding.
Among the top; unqualified
We showed a huge strain on our puzzle task of the summer series "my slice of the Rhöner happiness" last Friday.
Several of these giant trees, there are still in the county, the specimen is the "Geißruheiche" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A bumpy one footpath leads up to the 600-year-old oak tree.
It is past Foals are separated, Basaltsteinhaufen and Basaltsteinmeeren.
A little below the quarry from Bauer Berg, a mile north of the road to Weis Bach, as it is.
The Vital looks natural monument, it towers over the other trees in the area, and is reminiscent of an American sequoia with a volume of over eight metres.
A small Buddha on a tree stump suggests that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
But despite intensive searches, there were only hints of the names of origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has extra consulted the Bischofsheim archive, and older people from Unterweißenbrunn consulted to find out what Bewandtnis with Geißruheiche.
His findings remained fairly mundane explanation for the name.
Accordingly until about 80 years ago, their animals, the goat herders from Unterweißenbrunn from the laboriously cleared and freed of meadows.
At the foot of the tree by the rise of weary animal guardians should have rested.
Meanwhile, the area has regained its importance, because the actual goats grazing herds.
The area has been declared in addition to the core zone of the Biosphere Reserve, Schneider has been discovered.
Upon entering the stone collections but you should be careful, because the basalt heated by the sun, is also a popular haunt for Cross otters.
A trail leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, but there is a hidden.
Other routes are marked, the direction Hochrhön climb and invite you to take a long walk.
Where is the water castle?
A moated castle, which is looking at our next task, but it is rare to find.
The reflection in the ditch gives a good impression of the building, but we have some historic buildings in the district, which could fit the building portrait.
Where is our "share of the Rhöner happiness"?
My piece Rhöner happiness
As in previous series, the Main-Post in past years, there are also prizes to win when they have the right solution.
Even those who like to shoot, can also participate.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt _ AT _ mainpost.de you can send us the solution and also your personal "slice of the Rhöner happiness" under this slogan.
The best photos will be published.
After weeks of tug-of-war, Italy's Prime Minister and acting EU chairman, Matteo Renzi, against strong conservative resistance at the special EU summit last week, the nomination of his Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini as the head of the EU's foreign policy, is heir to the British, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi, like the pro-government daily newspaper La Repubblica, the appeal of its force in the government team as favourite Mogherini as strengthening the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He also expects a boost for its "reform package" in Italy.
Last but not least, Renzi hopes, so that the left-wing party base consistently risen against him quietly, because she is assigned to this, albeit in moderation.
With the conservative representatives of President Jean-Claude Juncker and the nominee-in-Office of the President of Poland, Donald Tusk, the prevailing view in Rome, so that a political balance.
Because the EU's chief diplomat is also deputy chairman of the Commission President Juncker.
The pending approval of the European Parliament is considered safe.
Otherwise, President Giorgio Napolitano called the nomination of the 41 year politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) is hardly a "important acknowledgement" of the role of Italy in the EU.
La Repubblica widespread optimism that the leading party posts for almost two decades in proven and known for its ambition, Mogherini will show the "huge challenges".
A Roman native is married and has two daughters.
Her party's career began a doctorate in political scientist in 1996, the youth organization of the Democratici di Sinistra (Left Democrats) in 2008 with the Catholic Centre Party Margherita to today's Socialist PD zusammenschloß.
In 1999, Mogherini for three years, Vice-President of the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth (Young Socialists).
With the election of 2001 in the Parteirat links Democrats rose in the high level of party politics, worked in the foreign policy department, whose head was soon.
They occupied the traditional priorities of Italian foreign policy, such as the Middle East, was established by studies of the NATO forces in Afghanistan, where Italy is involved with a contingent of troops, aware of the contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe, and the Democrats in the US.
Since 2008, she is a member of the Chamber of Deputies, where she is an expert in defence and European and international affairs.
Renzi as prime minister in February 2014, he summoned Mogherini to his foreign minister.
If the PD today has a better relationship with the strong peace movement in the country, which contributed to the more than 40 percent of the votes in the EU elections in May, as noted in PD-circles, Federica Mogherini, a share of it.
The reprimands in Brussels, the EU's new High Representative have too little diplomatic experience, so lacking in substance, the PD gekontert.
In Brussels, followed her on the crisis in Ukraine, mainly from Poland and the Baltic members, suspiciously realistic accents and defamed "as" Russia-friendly course.
It supports the pipeline from the Russian company Gazprom, South Stream, the Russian gas is to be transported, bypassing Ukraine directly to southern Europe, which also serves the energy security of Italy.
After Renzi took office in July, his term as EU chairman, Mogherini went on her first state visit to Moscow.
Photos showed them with Putin at the Shake-hands, were greeted with outrage in Brussels, as the Kremlin chief invited in October to an economic summit in Milan.
A total of nine young people have in Nabburg started on Monday their training at emz-Hanau.
Among them is a trainee, who has already completed another training in the company.
In four occupations are the new employees in the future: engineer (three trainees), mechatronics (two), utility mechanic (two) and procedural mechanics (two).
All of the trainees come from the county Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from Neunburg, from Forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel worries and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees visited before primary and middle schools and secondary schools.
From Wednesday to Friday, the apprentices of all ages, and the instructor to a team-building event to Oberammergau, where, among other things, a full-day hiking and rafting on the Inn on the program.
The company counts throughout Germany and 435 worldwide 950 employees.
The number of trainees is distributed across all vintages is 27.
The Socialists in France should "shut up, and in France," said the main allies of Francois Hollande.
Mr Valls called the deeply divided left to show their "love" for the controversial socialist president, his cabinet reshuffle has met with disapproval among the vast majority of the French.
The president deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain at his side," he said to loud applause.
As reassuring the Prime Minister insisted that his government would in France despite fierce demands for an easing of regulation of Emmanuel Macrons, the new economy minister, not to question the controversial 35-hour week.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande had his Mitsozialisten urged to show "united" with the government.
However, Christiane Taubira, the justice minister, serving a spanner in the works, in which she appeared at a meeting of renegade socialist deputy and the Socialist Party, criticized for the French "faith in their future."
Marine Le Pen, the leader of the National Front, far right, the constant infighting derided the Socialists and said that she could not imagine that the new Valls government longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls did not, they are forced to form a new government, if the old, not even a summer survived.
"And the new will not survive the autumn or winter," said Miss Le Pen to supporters.
She repeated the reputation of her party after a dissolution of Parliament and said that she was confident that emerge as the winner in an early election and was ready for government.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in municipal elections in March and the right-wing National Front was ahead in the EU elections in May.
A poll in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche showed that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of falling apart before the end of Hollande's 2017 in several rival factions.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at Sciences Po university, warned that the French would quickly lose patience when the new Socialist government receive no improvement in the economy and record unemployment.
"There is a small window of opportunity, but public opinion quickly feel that things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise nearing a deal with Prestige Cruises from $3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest Kreuzfahranbieter in the world, according to industry insiders, advanced negotiations for the acquisition of rival Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion.
A deal would Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, access to luxury cruise ships from Prestige Cruises and its wealthy clientele, while it is in competition with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could be announced this week, the sources said on Sunday, and warned that the talks could end but inconclusive.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also has a stake of 20 percent of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous because the negotiations were not public.
Representatives of the Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises responded not to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo refused to comment.
The company, based in Miami, Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, Baltic, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its 2013 revenue at $2.57 billion, an increase of 13 percent compared to 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brand name of Oceania and Regent, the eight Kreuzfahrschiffe on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenue for 2013 of $1.2 billion, an increase of 6 percent compared with the previous year.
The cruise industry as a whole is around $29 billion in the next few years is expected due to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
The companies are trying this new clients to position themselves as the best choice for the cruise.
Prestige Cruises requested the IPO with US regulators in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since a $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was established in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise provider owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and casino conglomerate under the control of the Malaysian multimillionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in 2008 in Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went to the stock exchange in January 2013.
Genting was the end of June, according to licensing authorities, 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 percent of the shares and the private equity company TPG Capital LP accounts for 8 percent of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together, according to the original application documents for the IPO of Prestige Cruises over 82 percent of the passenger capacity of American cruise ships.
Pro-Hong Kong-China activists condemn the day after the vote.
A group of Beijing fidelity waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress approved on Sunday a framework law which allows for only two or three candidates for the leadership election in Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of a nomination committee, which is expected to be occupied by Beijing loyal members.
By this decision, it is almost impossible for opposition democrats to be allowed to vote and pro-democracy activists to their threat and ' Occupy Central ' protests, the financial center of Hong Kong.
Political reforms have long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; and the Party's leadership fears that calls for democracy to spread to other cities.
Following the publication of a Beijing White Paper, which was set out in June, the dominance of China on Hong Kong democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, in which hundreds of thousands marched in the commercial district of the city, where a sit-in organised.
Lis survey organized by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The vice-chairman of the State Council, the Commission of the Standing Committee, Zhang Rongshun, Deputy Director of the Office for Affairs of Hong Kong and Macao, Feng Wei, should be consulted during the course of the day.
Student activists announced to gather in the afternoon in front of the office of the leadership in Hong Kong.
Britain was up to the final stage of the 150-year colonial government has no democratic elements in Hong Kong.
Putin calls for the inclusion of Kiev "statehood talks" with the eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded, according to Russian media reports on Sunday that the Ukrainian government to stop the fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and directly to negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskow later made it clear that Putin had not meant that the territory under the control of the separatists in eastern Ukraine will be part of Russia, but that his status to Ukraine should be redefined to give the Russian-speaking region of the power of representation of its rights and interests.
Putin's appeal to the Kiev government to negotiate on an equal footing with the pro-Russian insurgents, fits the strategy pursued by him since the start of the riots five months ago, apparently: aid for the separatists in the adoption of territories and pressure on the Ukrainian government to allow the newly proclaimed region of Novo Rossija de facto independence for an alliance with Russia with the West.
In an interview with the state television station Channel One, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture areas held by separatists in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently taken the territory known as the "Novo Rossija" or "Neurussland", a term reminiscent of the pre-revolutionary heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all those who, in the wake of the Ukrainian politicians, campaigns for the elections on 26 Okt. and while government groups to attack civilian communities in the rebel-held areas are hoping for early peace talks "are caught in their illusions," Itar-Tass reported.
"We must immediately enter into detailed discussions, not only on technical issues, but also to the political organisation of society and the state status of the South-East of Ukraine, in order to safeguard the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskow said that Putin's reference to the statehood should be seen in the context of the wider autonomy, which has been discussed for months by the Kiev leadership, in order to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are threatened.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern areas, said Peskow.
We are not talking about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, said Peskow, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine."
The clarification of the Kremlin's spokesman on the correction of the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored the leadership of Russia in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east, in contrast to the direct Annektion of Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have far more difficulty to annex the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, as most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians and surveys before the conflict, a broad majority in favour of remaining in Ukraine.
The autonomy, which has been raised by Russian diplomats at international forums, the regional governments in Ukraine authority to negotiate trade agreements and foreign relations, and the Kremlin has de facto control of a territory that connects the Russian territory of Crimea.
The peninsula annexed five months ago in the Black Sea is the home port for the bulk of the Russian navy, and an important trading port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostov region in Russia and the Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries, the major components for the Russian military.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested in his speech at the inauguration on June 7 that the Ukrainian legislation - for new elections, amendments to the Constitution should bear in mind that the respective areas will be given greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems to stand in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and separatist rebels, arming and Moscow is accused of incitement.
Putin's last call on Kiev to negotiate on an equal footing with the separatist leaders, followed after another invasion by the rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks on the previously peaceful region invaded the eastern Ukraine along the Sea of Azov.
The Russian-backed separatists took over in the coup, according to the fears of Ukrainian security officials, the first step in a campaign for the takeover of the strategic coastal region to the Crimea, the control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason, massive civil and military preparations under way to fortify Mariupol, a steel industry port with 500000 inhabitants, which lies between Nowoasowsk and a narrow access to the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko spoke at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels on Saturday and asked for urgent action to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We are now at a point where there is a point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit decided to any concrete actions, the leaders demanded the draft further sanctions against Russia, which will come into force in a unspezifizierten escalation of Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk after two Russian columns of tanks and 1000 soldiers invaded last week in the Donetsk region, in order to support the beleaguered separatists, said Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council reports on Saturday in Kiev.
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who were delivered by the Russian invasion of Ilowajsk included, were exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers on Ukrainian territory captured a week ago, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Nude photo scandal involving Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten made no secret of his anger about hackers who have probably stolen nude pictures of his fiancee Gabi Grecko and a Who is Who of A-celebrities from Hollywood.
The film is a city in excitement after a series of clear photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a hacking scandal involving celebrities on the Internet.
The responsible hackers probably has more than 60 nude photos of Lawrence, star of " the Tribute of Panem and superstars, including the models Kate Upton, Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and the actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and Grecko from Melbourne, were also allegedly private photos publicized due to an iCloud-gap.
The list includes 101 celebrities.
Best, who had last month with Grecko engaged, said to Confidential: "it is disgusting."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, currently in New York, said, according to reports, a news website that the hack was "shameful" and that the victims "felt violated."
The hacker is probably 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two recordings in which she is topless in a swimming pool.
The film works include Palmers "love is invincible," with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-Star Strahovski and actress Browning from sucker Punch yesterday for comments were not available to the hacked images.
A representative of Lawrence ' said to TMZ: "it is a horrendous violation of privacy."
Actor Seth roe condemned the hacker in his tweet: "chopped images from a mobile phone to post is nothing different from the sale of stolen goods."
From a purely legal point of view should not be tolerated, the further spread of stolen images.
Bikers, joggers and walkers were yesterday at the 8th cycling on the Great Feldberg and hence have supported the "help for children suffering from cancer."
The tour, which was a torture for a light workout for the others.
In one, but all agreed: it was fun.
Thomas Studanski will have slept well last night.
For the first time in his life, the head of the Oberurseler brewery yesterday with the bike on the Feldberg.
For the good cause.
The small muscles, it can easily wegstecken, as it was to participate in the 8th biking on the Great Feldberg in favor of the association "help for children suffering from cancer" (Frankfurt) personally a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I know now that I am fine!"
Small Päuschen traveled to the applause of curve?
Nah, if I had stopped, it would have been...
As Thomas Studanski sitting in Oberurseler city of Parliament for the CDU, tortured many of the 718 participants yesterday in Frühtau to mountains and were close to exhaustion, but happy on the plateau.
Others have found it easier to overcome well 11 kilometres between High Mark and Feldberg.
Norman Dießner, for example.
The very red Emerging Green politician from the Kreistag - red dress, red bike - at the start of something on understatement ("plenty of professionals, there is getting the goal!"), but on the mountain as a semi-professional and went 45 minutes without gasping.
He also made the race in a slip by threats, as well as Nina Kuhn, press spokeswoman for the town of Oberursel, along with Frank green iron on the way.
"The field of mountain-biking" was not necessarily a challenge for the two triathletes: "this is about charity, we are happy with this - we have already made an exit," said Kuhn.
They had Paul Wenzel from Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) was down on the morning after Oberursel to climb immediately back on the amount.
The Frankfurt Florian Zierz had swung in the morning at 9.00 a.m. at home in the saddle, "made" the Feldberg twice to roll with fun home.
Fun had also "frit-Toni."
For the head of the Oberurseler Kultkiosks include tours of the Feldberg.
He had made with his 6.5-kilo-racing 40 minutes.
A crazy event.
For this purpose - and I am happy here, " said Andreas Balzke.
The Mainz by trained says that he is a "more ambitious Rennradler."
It must be, because he was with the "Fixie bike" on the road, it is also Rennräder, but without the circuit...
It is also without a wheel went up, not just the 20 hikers, who grew up on the white wall and the fox dance to the summit, but also a joggers, the trash on a cord around a car tyres with weights.
Mountain Rescue-doctor Professor Volker Lischke, himself with his team, equipped with all-wheel drive Bully and quad, for security, said: " the are " from Frankfurt, who trained for a special sleigh Trail, only he knows sled. " The man is in a sense his own sled dog.
The 718 participants - and as many as never before - had been sent in the morning in groups on the track.
First the hikers at 9.30.
It was followed by the first cyclists and runners at 10 o 'clock.
Five minutes later, the first mountain bikers.
Bent Hansen, chairman of the association "cycle" the Great Feldberg, announced the start of commands and wished the participants with a nice excursion.
For the next year he hope that it will be possible to block the route to Feldberg up to the security of the participants.
