Twenty-eight-year-old chef found dead in the store in San Francisco
Twenty-eight-year-old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was this week steps of local trade.
The victim&apos;s brother but says he can think of, who would want to hurt him, and adds: "It had begun at last".
The body was found in the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning has been identified as a ??-year-old resident of San Francisco Frank Galicia, the medical examiner&apos;s office stated.
San Francisco Police Department has informed that a violent death and the investigation is ongoing.
The victim&apos;s brother Louis Galicia for ABC station KGO in San Francisco said that Frank, who was previously a chef in Boston, he got his dream job as head chef in a restaurant the Sons &amp; Daughters six months ago.
A spokesman for the restaurant Sons &amp; Daughters said they were shocked and devastated "by his death".
"We have a small team that works as closely connected family. We&apos;ll miss you so much", said the spokesman.
At this difficult time our thoughts are our own grief and Frank&apos;s family and friends.
Louis Galicia said that Frank first slept in dormitories, but that recently, "he finally started doing well".
"Did you find an apartment, going out with a girl", said Louis Galicia for KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he can&apos;t think who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He was a gentle soul and a big heart.
When he contacted the family, always cooked a meal for us, made us dinner, "said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to take part in any fighting.
It was the brother who took things as they are.
"Even if everything else in the world was wrong, he was a rough diamond, which was every day", he said.
If you have any information, please call the hotline SFPD at number: 415-575-4444.
Czech Railways have invested in the modernisation of vehicles over 31 billion.
They have air conditioning and new toilets.
In the last six years has invested state carrier to upgrade vehicles over 31 billion crowns.
A third of cars is currently equipped with air conditioning, roughly half of the trains, the new system is closed.
Amounts to upgrade each year, with the exception of 2012, however, gradually falling.
Czech Railways in the last six years have invested in the modernisation of vehicles over 31 billion crowns.
A third of cars is currently equipped with air conditioning, roughly half of the trains, the new system is closed.
Consequently, the money appeared in the reduction in the average age by two years for locomotives and separate units and six years for classic cars.
The larger share of investment gave the carrier into the regional transport, the roughly 60 percent of the money, 40 per cent then the company has invested in a recovery vehicle for long distance services.
The average age of the locomotives and units currently stands at 19 years.
A modernised older vehicles are counted as indicators but in this entirely new.
If the upgrade did not include vehicles, increasing the average age of powered vehicles ČD about ten years.
The older they are, on average, cars, whose average age at offsetting the modernisation is 23 years old.
Should only take into account the age, from the date of manufacture, the average age of those vehicles would be 33.4 years.
Classic set composed of wagons and pulled by a locomotive, but in recent years, from Czech and worldwide railroad gradually disappearing and are being replaced by motor or electrical units.
Between 2011 and 2015, fewer locomotives from 280 to 223 pieces, decreased the number of classic cars from 2716 in 2011 to 2132 in the middle of this year.
The carrier shall, in particular, getting rid of old vehicles equipped with her hand now seats and door without blocking the opening during the drive.
From January to July left the carrier to scrap 110 of these cars.
The investment, which the vehicle fleet planning ČD take place in the near future, it is possible, for example, the purchase of 50 wagons for speeds up to 200 miles an hour, the carrier plans to put on an international route Prague - Bratislava - Budapest, or a framework contract for the purchase of electric units for domestic fast trains along the route.
The Treaty provides for the collection to 30 pieces of motor and 20 pieces of electrical units.
The quarter they know about illegal advertising, unable to get rid of her.
We&apos;re absolutely helpless, granted.
No quarter Aktuálně.cz follows the story of a billboard in South Bohemia, which now attracts motorists to visit Lipna, where it is not only the most interesting walk in the trees, but also an Olympic park.
Managers of motorways, they know it&apos;s there, but says he can&apos;t do anything.
Similar ads are all over the country hundreds, maybe thousands.
According to officials is to blame poor law, for which there is no possible illegal mobile billboards now removed.
What is needed is a complex bureaucratic first.
In the meantime, but the company will change the name and office is on her short.
Or enough advertising to move a few metres and the official process has to start all over again.
The Road and Motorway Directorate ? months ago admitted: in the main from České Budějovice on the Lipno is on our land in the state road advertising billboard.
Not even three months but officials, have not been enough to get rid of illegal portable structure with a giant advertising poster.
Like no one cared that he was standing beside the road in the fifty-meter protection zone, where for security cost nothing.
Road operators argue that with a billboard for děravému law cannot simply advice.
Maybe him and get them out.
&quot;You can&apos;t just afford,&quot; says the spokesman for the Directorate of road and motorways Nina Renal and refers to the complex bureaucratic wheel, which remove the billboard must, by law.
The case of this particular billboard, whose fate he began the online daily Aktuálně.cz closely monitor in the spring, is not an isolated and points to a general problem that can be dealt with quickly and efficiently and the authorities.
Just v jižních Čechách redakce counted dozens of similar mobile ads placed against the rules right next to or near the road.
So, too, are other lands.
&quot;We have difficulties to make company boards to remove,&quot; confirms the transport department boss českobudějovického krajského úřadu Jiří Klása, whose colleagues have similar stories.
According to Klásy holes is to blame the law that binds the officials.
He must be hard put to call the owner of billboard advertising.
But company bosses are often better than anyone, or know the trick, which Aktuálně.cz reported on in the past, when the issue was more interested in a stand with mobile advertising: just move a few yards and officials may the previous challenge to eliminate black advertising thrown in the trash.
That&apos;s because office must determine exactly where illegal billboard.
&quot;If someone moves and coordinates suddenly disagrees, treated it as a new equipment and we need the owner to address again,&quot; explains George Klása.
The new law won&apos;t help.
The change could bring a new law which, from September of next year, prohibits the billboards for motorways and road is even in ?st class.
Critics point out that the rules for combating illegal and easily transferable ads remain the same as before.
And authorities are so easier.
Companies on the leases of irregular surfaces may make tens to hundreds of millions of crowns per year and none of them can.
For example, a billboard inviting on the Lipno belongs to Commerz Billboard.
Officials know it well: českobudějovický magistrate with her currently runs three administrative proceedings for illegally erected billboards.
The risk in any proceedings třísettisícová fine.
This is a more commercials, which have been placed without authorisation in the protection zone of main roads.
The proceedings are not yet closed, &quot;says Jaroslav Frost, head of the department of transport českobudějovického magistrátu.
Advertising, which Aktuálně.cz interested, namely between these cases is not yet, soon to them but most likely will be.
According to the spokesman, the RMD Nina Kidney firm didn&apos;t respond to repeated written invitation to remove, and the case gets to the table and then probably magistrátním county officials.
The company Commerz Billboard is one of those suspect firms that fail to contact.
Nepřebírá post office and official residence na Žižkově canceled more than six years ago.
It&apos;s not even clear who&apos;s behind it.
In the past, mail firms went to jihočeskému entrepreneur Anton Fischer, who famously sharp dispute with the boss of the Czech representation brand Hyundai.
Fischer, whose company Euro Billboard you area from Comerz Billboard rents and offers is advertisers, however, has in the past rejected any link.
But this spring, when the initiative began, the RMD Aktuálně.cz interested in advertising on the Lipno, Fischer, state officials sent a letter to a mysterious company Commerz Billboard to his rooming house, where the new company has its seat.
Not from this address are however no one motorway controllers still haven&apos;t heard from him.
A futile fight.
A similar silence or opaque changes seats are not unusual.
One company years ago, we gradually put the fine for two million crowns.
But change the name and ID, and it was a no-brainer.
The bankruptcy case back, advertising cost more, maybe in other places.
We are against such firms and their business practices pretty helpless.
It&apos;s like a fight with windmills, granted under the condition of anonymity, one of the officials.
Novelu Law in this regard no one yet does not address.
Aktuálně.cz discussed with a number of Members, that is the problem.
Not yet but developed no activity.
On the contrary, discovered the Members who wanted to extend the deadline for preserving the billboards for the main Czech communications.
The government denied it.
The billboards are not only for national, but also regional and municipal policies very sensitive and somewhat schizophrenic theme.
On the one hand they know about societal demand their restrictions, on the other hand, is themselves they need to advertise in election campaigns.
I am definitely not the relatively established under the impression that when something doesn&apos;t work, so there is a need for a change to the law.
Farmers reap less corn this year, but more rape and poppy seeds, statisticians estimate.
According to estimates by the Czech Statistical Office will be harvesting cereals this year, 6.7 percent less than last year.
Still, this year&apos;s crop is above average for the last five and ten years.
The higher the reverse will be the harvest of oilseed rape (3.9 percent) and poppy seeds (2.5 percent).
The cereals harvest this year will be about 6.7 percent lower than last year.
Farmers harvest 7.2 million tonnes of grain.
This estimate, which, according to the state on 15 July, published by the Czech Statistical Office.
The initial estimate a month ago, was more pessimistic and assume one-tenth drop against last year.
Last year&apos;s grain crop but was above average.
This year&apos;s harvest is above average for the last five and ten years.
On the rapeseed harvest this year will be higher and poppy seeds.
Řepky farmers harvested 3.9 percent more than a year ago, when they got under the roof to 1,256 million tonnes.
This year&apos;s poppy crop would be about 2.5 percent higher than last year&apos;s.
The projected decline in cereal production is caused by the way by reducing the yield per hectare of 3.7 percent to 5.71 tonnes per hectare, decrease in sowing area.
This year, farmers seeded three percent less fields.
Wheat of winter, which is the most important crop for the Czech Republic, this year is estimated to reap 3.3 percent less.
Farmers hanged her for more fields.
The downturn, but signs the lower yields per hectare, which drops to 6.04 tons.
Roughly one-fifth decline statisticians assume in barley, spring, which is most commonly used for the production of beer.
To reduce costs by reducing crop sowing areas of 15.2 percent, but a lower yield per hectare.
Barley of the winter, on the other hand, up about 6.3 percent more.
Has also harvesting rye.
Crops of oilseed rape statisticians estimate to 1,305 million tons, which is against the last year or more.
Osevní area to expand by 7.3 percent.
Hektarový return but it will be about 3.2 percent lower than last year.
This year&apos;s crop of rapeseed exceeds the ??-year average of 13.3 percent, planted on the surface is about a third of more than ?? years ago.
In the last four years the poppy fields is also increasing.
This year the farmer hanged him on 35,543 hectares.
In 2008, when the poppies in the Czech Republic grew to a record 70 000 hectares, is but half of the field.
With the extension of sowing areas will be this year&apos;s poppy harvest richer.
It goes against 2.5 percent last year to 27 423 tonnes.
Hektarový return but it will be about 6.1 percent lower.
Olomoučtí police charged two men for assault with a knife and a machete, the court sent them into custody.
The police accused the two attackers, who on Tuesday in the centre of Olomouc was attacked with a knife and a machete, a ??-year-old man.
&quot;Although the contested tried to run away, they caused him cutting and cutting injuries, which required hospital treatment and further treatment,&quot; said police spokeswoman Marie Štrbáková.
The two obvious offender immediately after the attack, was arrested by police officers.
The applicant submitted a proposal to the court for their custody and a court on Friday upheld him.
Both men face three to ?? years in prison.
The police detained the two accused of assaulting a ??-year-old man in the centre of Olomouc, a knife and a machete.
The attackers caused his sword and knife wound, the man ended up in the hospital.
The attack was preceded by an incident between two groups of people, which happened on Tuesday at noon on the class of Liberty, said the police.
The perpetrators were in custody, police spokeswoman Marie Štrbáková olomoucká informed.
Mass brawl between two families took place in the garden outside the bar trattoria in close proximity to the centre of Olomouc.
After aggressive verbal dispute was attacked by two assailants with knives and machetes, a ??-year-old man.
While the man tried to run away, they caused him cutting and cutting injuries, which required treatment in hospital and other medical treatment, said a police spokesman.
The scuffle, which woke up the center of the city, a great deal of attention and because of which must have been in a place with few police patrols and officers, it was the family disputes.
CSU thirty-four-year-old man from Slovakia, and from Olomouc sedmatřicetiletého man accused of attempted grievous bodily harm and disorderly conduct.
The applicant submitted a proposal to the court for their custody and the court granted him on Friday, said the spokesman.
Machete used in the centre of Olomouc in the collective fight the attackers also five years ago, it happened only a few dozen yards away, before disco Varna in the long.
The officers then claimed that a group of around ten strangers with guns attacked the guests, who were standing in front of the entrance.
According to the police, in their hands, knives, sticks and machetes.
The Court of First Instance then two attacking foreigners punish the suspended sentence.
Abandoned and empty houses in the centre of Prague.
You&apos;ll be surprised, maybe around them daily.
One of the most glaring examples of the unused and empty house was a large building, the former headquarters of IPB amid Senovážné náměstí.
That was a long time ago to work as a hotel.
But still nothing.
That is the need to build new apartments in the city and the office?
And what use existing, often architecturally valuable and protected?
Right in the center of Prague, in the immediate vicinity of Wenceslas Square a few blocks of flats, which despite its location, size, and often of only pustnou and vacant.
Buildings in the centre we chose by Prázdnédomy.cz project that maps the long-term empty real estate on the territory of the Czech Republic.
The houses are usually victims of their owners&apos; financial problems, opaque relations between companies or belongs to the state, to which they can&apos;t or won&apos;t get rid of.
Empty home is in the Czech Republic more than homeless people.
Let the owners pay a special tax for them, he wants the initiative
He almost got shot of Fidel Castro, lived here as well as Hitler&apos;s brother.
Writers showed another Lesser.
Purchase the apocalypse.
Shopping centres in the US, are empty.
The unknown through Prague.
Karlín was luxurious suburbs.
Plan recalls New York&apos;s Manhattan, an architect.
Mrs. Clinton earned $10.6 million last year.
Trump refuses to release his tax returns.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton last year earned $10.6 million.
More than $? million to the Clinton charity.
Most of Clinton&apos;s income - over $? million - is for their speeches.
Trump refuses to publish his tax return.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Friday released his tax returns, which increased the pressure on his Republican rival Donald Trump to do the same.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton last year earned $10.6 million, the agency notified the AP.
Most of Clinton&apos;s income - over $? million - is for their speeches, and do so predominantly from the period before April 2015, when Clinton launched her campaign before the election.
The report showed that married Clinton did last year a federal corporate tax rate of 34.2 percent and then income tax on the state and local level of nine percent.
Overall, 43.2 percent of income paid in taxes.
Trump has but with a similar step problem, yet to publish a tax return.
There is the possibility that Donald Trump does not pay any taxes at all, wrote Clinton on twitter a few minutes after publication of his returns.
Clinton has repeatedly returns to secrets around Trump&apos;s revenue because, among other things, to create doubts that is her opponent really as rich as he claims, said agency AP.
Trump&apos;s fortune is estimated at $? billion.
The lower earnings would damage the reputation of the Republican candidate as a successful businessman.
Senator Tim Cain, who in tandem with the former first lady is running for vice president, today published a report on their income tax returns for the last ten years.
Together with his wife Anne Holtonovou gave 7.5 percent of their earnings to charity and they take in taxes last year, 25.6 percent of earnings.
In Nigeria, polio erupted again.
The Islamists from Boko Haram killed defending consistent vaccination and the doctor.
In Nigeria, polio cases have occurred again.
To the north-east of the country&apos;s government declared an emergency vaccination, as two children infected with the disease were paralyzed.
Vaccines brought in helicopters.
The affected area were Islamist terrorists from Boko Haram, who defended vaccination and the doctor even kill.
According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), the virus there was going around unnoticed.
To the north-east Nigeria will start an emergency vaccination of children against polio, because there were stunned two children infected with this disease.
In Africa, polio was diagnosed with last two years ago in Somalia.
The Nigerian government has announced that, in the state of Borno a million children will be vaccinated and another four million in states surrounding.
Nigerian military helicopters on Friday, according to AP fast ferry polio vaccines in the northeastern part of the country, where Islamist terrorists from Boko Haram.
The World Health Organization (WHO) said the virus circulated undetected in the area for many years.
The extremists from Boko Haram in the past defending vaccination and the doctor even kill.
Their attacks also on Thursday made it impossible to get doctors to areas where identified children with polio.
Both disabled toddlers came with refugees from parts of Nigeria newly freed from Boko Haram.
The Director of the WHO for polio eradication, Michel Zaffran told BBC that vaccination in Nigeria will start next week.
In the state of Borno, was long an Islamic radical group Boko Haram.
The area was made available to international organisations and government until the beginning of this year, when it managed to Boko Haram in that part of the country substantially weaken.
Nigerian Health Minister Isaac Adewole admitted that new cases of polio is a great disappointment for the country because Nigeria wanted next year to report, that polio was eradicated.
WHO warned that it is possible that, although the illness for two years, yet the spread among children.
Očkovány will now be children under the age of five.
In 2012, Nigeria accounted for half of all polio cases in the world.
While in 1988, polio was still in 125 countries, now only remains in three areas - in Afghanistan and Pakistan and in the north of Nigeria.
The pope is in Rome, met former prostitutes.
He listened to the fascinating stories of the fallen women.
Pope Francis met with ?? former prostitutes, which thanks the police leaked from a gang of pimps.
The Pope listened to their hard life stories and invited them to look with confidence to the future.
Francis wanted this meeting to draw attention to human trafficking and to strengthen the fight against him.
Pope Francis in Rome met with ?? former prostitutes, which police have released from the powers of a gang of pimps.
The head of the Catholic Church for more than an hour listening to the fascinating stories of the fallen women and then invited them to confidently looked to the future, said the spokesman for the Vatican.
The former prostitutes, which Francis visited, there were six women from Romania, four from Albania, seven from Nigeria and one from Tunisia, Italy and Ukraine.
Their average age is around 30.
All were under the Vatican during the forced prostitution exposed to severe physical violence.
You wanted Francis to attract attention to human trafficking and to strengthen the fight against him, said the pope&apos;s spokesman.
Francis frequently calls attention to the fate of people on the margins of society.
On Thursday, for example, had lunch with Syrian refugees, who arrived at the Vatican in April this year and in June because of his personal invitation.
France to hit factory, jihadists.
Without the help of Muslims but it won&apos;t work.
France are in the fight against radical Islamism help themselves Muslims.
The government of Prime Minister Manuel Vallse in addition to major changes in the operation of mosques and the training of the clergy.
Since last December, we closed 20 mosques and modliteben.
And more will follow, said Interior Minister.
In a country works over a hundred plants jihadists.
&quot;If Muslims won&apos;t help the country in the fight against those who undermine public freedom, it will be increasingly difficult for France to guarantee freedom of religion,&quot; said Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
Ensure intends to, inter alia, to preach in mosques and churches only imams who have been schooled in France.
It wants to stop the funding of mosques abroad.
Right now comes from abroad, about 20 percent of the money for the construction of new mosques, most from Morocco, Algeria and Gulf countries.
And because of that, then the mosques they are preachers, who in France can spread radicalism.
&quot;Our country has to show that Islam is compatible with democracy,&quot; said the Prime Minister.
The key, which will ensure the fulfilment of these goals, it will be the new French Islamic Foundation.
This should act as a bridge between the secular state and the Muslim minority.
No more money from abroad.
In a country now operates the French Foundation for Islam, founded in 2005 by then Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin.
Even then, the Foundation should contribute to the transparency of financial flows between the mosques and countries that their construction financing.
But the institution will soon suffer from internal divisions and rivalries.
&quot;It&apos;s a total failure,&quot; said recently Valls.
In the French political scene, after the attack on the magazine Charlie Hebdo in January 2015, a debate has a new institution that dysfunctional foundation.
All spurred further terrorist attacks in France, which in the name of Islamic State have done zradikalizovaní Islamists.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has recently said that the new foundation will be this year in October.
It will have two main tasks - to ensure the financing of mosques from domestic sources and also oversee the imams.
For now, it is not clear where he will take the money not only for the construction of new mosques, but also various training centres.
But is being considered several proposals.
One of them is a special fee or tax on halal food.
That would in practice pay vendors halal food, and that granting certification.
Part of this money would then went right into the coffers of the Foundation.
The contribution of ?? euros (270 to 540 kroner) would then be able to pay French pilgrims, to Mecca.
Every year, there are the traditional pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia is about 30 000.
And not only that.
According to the prime minister would be in the mosques in the future should operate preachers who passed through special educational programmes at French universities.
This should ensure that the sermon was in accordance with democracy.
Radical mosques shut down.
The French government is at the same time in the campaign against militants.
And more will follow, he said recently the Minister of the Interior.
In France, there is no place for those who preach hate in mosques and do not respect certain principles of our country, such as equality between women and men.
The country is estimated to have about 2,500 mosques and modliteben.
It is estimated that about 120 of them is under the influence of radical Islamism.
Since 2012, authorities banished some 80 imam and several other dozen are considering it.
Not everyone, however, thinks that the government can significantly affect against radicalism.
Those who want to be radicalized, they do the same.
There is no fact to that in the mosques, young people are radicalised on the internet, said Séverine Labat, an expert from the National Centre for Scientific Research.
Dráhař Kelemen lost in the 1th round of the sprint star Baugém.
About the last ? must český runway cyclist rides remedies in the fight.
Dráhový cyclist Pavel Kelemen at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro after the procedure from the sprint qualification between the best ?? he lost in round 1 match with French giant Grégorym Baugém, defender of silver from past games in London.
About the last ? journeys must fight in the appeal.
The start of the royal discipline on the track made the 27 riders and best Czech dráhař currently had the ??th best time.
He could start with a brief Dvoustovku for 9,969 seconds.
In the main elimination phase him so expect to qualify in fifth Baugé, which already has from Rio bronze in the team sprint.
Kelemen in conclusion demanded the experienced Frenchman, however, the procedure.
A great performance with flashing gold defender Jason Kenny.
Twenty-eight-year-old British went third fastest cast history and qualifications won the Olympic record of 9,551.
They were then expected to deal also with the last, which was a German Maximilian Levy.
It went as well as the British quartet in the lineup with Bradley Wiggins in the fighter of the 4 km into a new world record of 3: 50.570 and advanced to the finals.
The maximum (3: 51,659), which the British belonged to four years from the Olympics in London, up by more than a second.
Young doctors pushing: They want fresh wind in the field
The young doctors gathered to approve new steps in their dispute over a new contract.
The Council of young doctors (JDC) at the British Medical Association (BMA) must apply for all the advice and support of other events from the beginning of September.
JDC says that ministers with questions about the contract has not been able to resolve.
The young doctors and medical students in July voted to reject the contract agreed with the BMA.
She was rejected by 58% of its members who took part in the elections.
In a letter to members published on Thursday night on Twitter, President of the JDC Ellen McCourtová stated that the Government remained "remain silent" on the issues, which veldo to reject the contract.
She said: "In light of this, the authority of the executive JDC decided the proposed new contract vote completely rejected and demand a new formal negotiations on all issues".
In response to the silence from the government today, the Executive Council of the JDC has formally requested a special meeting of the BMA to agree a running program and extreme actions from the beginning of September.
The dispute led the young doctor to publication in six strikes this year, including the first general strikes in the history of the NHS.
BMA junior doctors leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned after the rejection of the agreed terms of the contract, which the BMA recommended.
Members of the BMA at the meetings before the vote before the 54 000 young doctors and medical students, said that the agreement was good and should be accepted.
After the vote, the health minister, said that the contract would mean for students in England.
Russia and Turkey: An alliance "incompatible"?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday, to join hands and announced the formal end of eight months long war of words and economic sanctions.
But while Vladimir Putin welcomed Turkey&apos;s counterparty in the luxurious lobby of the palace in St Petersburg, I was under the impression that Ankara wants to aspire to this reconciliation more.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Putin wasn&apos;t smiling and radiating warmth, even in his measured standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, has repeatedly talked about his "dear friend" of Mr. Putin - five times, as one of the reports.
I didn&apos;t count it.
He also promised that relations with Russia are not only back to its level before the crisis, but they will be even better.
The next day, one of the local newspaper wrote that Erdogan was, as if nothing bad ever happened.
I think his enthusiasm showed the exact opposite.
But the lingering chill which emanated from Putin, he showed that the Russian leader has forgotten nothing.
The real cause of the crisis was the first thing I mentioned in my introductory speech: Downed Russian fighter aircraft by Turkey on the Syrian border.
Moscow&apos;s reaction was fierce.
Putin punches around and Ankara accused Moscow stuck the knife in.
Offense was all the greater, that came from an alleged friend.
Again to build real confidence it will be difficult, maybe even impossible.
Russian public opinion from December also changed.
State controlled media for months led a massive campaign against Ankara.
Suddenly, it looked as if the Turks could for everything.
More serious charges were from top state officials about the fact that Erdogan&apos;s own family had benefited from the illegal trade in oil in the parts of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
That this is strongly contested.
But in St Petersburg came an official message that it&apos;s time to move on.
After all, to this meeting took place only because Putin got the apology from President Erdogan asked.
Russia could declare a victory of sorts.
In Ankara the truce, the benefits are clear.
In first place was Erdogan during a failed coup last month was almost deprived of power and therefore needs all its friends.
The repeated terrorist attacks in Turkey, it also visibly shaken.
There is also an economic motive.
Russian sanctions have a hard impact - in particular annulment of the charter, which each year several million Russian tourists off the coast of Turkey.
This number has decreased by almost 90%.
As regards Russia, tour operators and charter airlines here have certainly earned a rest, if there is a resumption of flights.
They make the Mediterranean tourism at the end of the season.
Even state television this week promised cheaper fruit and vegetables to be re-created, imports of agricultural commodities from Turkey allowed.
"The tourists there, tomatoes back here", as it said the report in the newspaper Vedemosti.
Visit but for Moscow further political value.
Ankara is angry at the West for what it considers to be the lame response to the coup attempt.
In addition, the longstanding animosity lengthy talks on joining the EU and Putin - who are eager to take advantage of cooling and disrupt Turkey&apos;s ties with the West.
The Russian leader certainly get bonus points, when Ankara requested the assistance of the authorities after an attempted coup.
You have to understand that for Moscow, which has a deep rooted fear of regime change, it&apos;s a given.
So the summit in this pompous, a seaside palace Russia and Turkey allowed to show what one analyst described as "an alliance of incompatible": how to combine forces, two countries which feel rejected and used the West.
Of course, despite the fact that the public have shown mutual reconciliation, there are fundamental differences between the two countries.
The first is Syria, where Moscow recently built into the role of peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey are on opposite sides.
You could say that, after a nearly three-hour introductory talks, the two presidents at the press conference said that on this issue they didn&apos;t.
The Turkish president to deliberately avoid the answers to the question about the differences between them, while Putin has decided to highlight these differences.
There is no clear agreement, on the basis of which the two states could find common ground on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and due to the risk of utter disaster, when NATO member Turkey shot down the Russian warplane - is certainly better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland
According to the CEO of the bank RBS brand is to be suppressed in the role of the back office.
Royal Bank of Scotland is lost for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with global ambitions.
Of these, subsided when eight years ago almost died and had to be redeemed from the debt.
At that time the brand makers used "RBS" in order to protect the other brands of consumer finances.
They cost her millions of pounds spent on sponsorship of international sport, from the Six Nations rugby championship after championship Winbledomu Andy Marraye.
But now it was decided that it is better to give more to stand out more national brands.
Royal Bank of Scotland will apply for Scottish customers, but will not be available to run the new business.
All reference to RBS in England and Wales, with the exception of the headquarters and encoding of shares on the stock market, will be changed to &apos;Damn.
For customers in the Republic of Ireland and in Northern Ireland, the Ulster Bank brand is already being used.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which come more to the fore - Coutts, Adam &amp; Co, Drummond, and Holt&apos;s Military Bank.
During trips to customers and employees in Inverness-shire us McEwan answered questions Ross McEwan.
Station BBC Scotland said: "The RBS will cease to be our investor brand and brand, for which our staff are working, because it is now much more we bank brands".
Because the bank itself has become a global brand, is a global brand and RBS.
Now, I say that we don&apos;t have global aspirations, we have efforts on the domestic scene.
Each of these brands will be within their own communities to mean something completely different and our workers will be working under these brands.
RBS has already indicated that it would not continue its sponsorship, the Six Nations Championship, has prepared a profile of each brand sponsorship of sport.
"Now is the time for us to move to the bank, because the fundamental issue (which we are) is how to focus on that to become the best bank for customers?" said the CEO.
Three years ago, it would be very cynical, if we say that we will become a great bank for customers and those markings were introduced.
But along with that, as we focus on customer needs, and not on our own, I think that there are a lot of changes.
Can we remind these marks somewhat, I think that now is the right time.
Frankie Dettori at Newmarket on horseback led Predilection to target 3000. winner
Dettori spraying champagne after his double victory at Newmarket has brought 3000 victory
Jockey Frankie Dettori on Friday secured the 3,000th victory in Britain in Newmarket.
This milestone reached his second victory of the evening at his local track - Predilection on horseback, who coaches John Gosden.
The forty-five-year-old Italian&apos;s sixth jockey who achieve this outcome in flat races.
His predecessors are Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Willie Carson and Pat Eddery.
Three-time champion žekje Dettori, who previously won on the horse Ghayyar, said: "It&apos;s special".
I&apos;m very touched, because there is also my family
I&apos;m so glad it happened in Newmarket, because here I am, 30 years ago.
It&apos;s a great event, it&apos;s not Royal Ascot - it&apos;s Friday night on the ground with 20 000 people.
I&apos;m relieved and I&apos;m very grateful.
Dettori collects congratulations after winning Predilection brings
Two jockeys have achieved this milestone in the obstacle limitation races - the champion jockey Richard Johnson and 20-fold champion retired Sir Anthony McCoy, which in the course of his career, breaking records led to target more than 4,300 winners.
Lester Piggott, nine times national winner of the Derby, 4 493 winners in his career
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of modern times, and it is no surprise that has reached the milestone, which has only a few riders in front of him.
It&apos;s a stylish and powerful, but it&apos;s just his tactical smarts, which differs from other riders in the weigh station.
He&apos;s a fantastic ambassador races, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans to this sport for years.
A few weeks ago I see Frankie in Epsom said that if not only on weekends and big races, so should have 6 000 winners!
Of course the truth is that Frankie rode a winner in the UK for the better part of his 30 year career, and it&apos;s really something.
He&apos;s a lively character, which is for British horse racing good. But more importantly, he&apos;s an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori his success to celebrate their famous a quick jump
From the fleeting glimpses finišů jumps - Frankie Dettori was a bellboy British rovinných races two decades.
It was like riding a roller coaster.
Nepřeberná amount of winners of major races, including his famous "magnificent seven" at Ascot. He survived but also a plane crash and was grounding for drugs.
Three years ago, for the first time when he returned after a 6-month ban on takeoff, but has demonstrated an incredible inner strength and despite all doubters back in top form.
And maybe it wouldn&apos;t be the last - Dettori has previously said that he would like to continue in the race at least until the age of 50.
Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed the chief of the presidential office of Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday unexpectedly fired Sergey Ivanov was the chief of the presidential office.
Ivanov was one of Putin&apos;s closest associates for many years.
Třiašedesátiletý Ivanov was appointed special representative for ecology and transport.
In a statement from the Kremlin, it is stated that Putin has "loosened Ivanova from his services head Russian presidential office", but did not specify the reason.
His place will take over Anton Ivanovovým Vajno, who has been a representative since 2012.
Security Vajno was previously a diplomat.
He was born in Estonia&apos;s capital Tallinn in 1972, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and worked at the embassy in Tokyo.
The website (in Russian), it is stated that later was chief presidential protocol and the presidential office.
In appointing Putin said: "Thank you for your confidence".
I believe that the most important task of the administration&apos;s support to your head of state activity within the meaning of the laws and control the extent to which your instructions are respected.
Putin on Friday Russian television station, that Ivanov asked him to release from the post and recommended Vajno just to replace it.
He&apos;ll convince smiles?
This step completely mystified Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov was podlouhou period one of Vladimir Putin&apos;s closest aides, and like Putin worked for the KGB.
As head of the presidential office was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, broadcast by state television, the two men said that the chief of the presidential office is going at her own request.
But smiles to the cameras have convinced few people - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
This is therefore the result of a power struggle?
Nobody knows, not yet.
But the official claim that the man once considered as a possible President, suddenly wants to lead Russia&apos;s environmental policy, was met with a great deal of skepticism.
On the website of the Kremlin are cited comments made to Putin, in which Ivanov stated: "It is true that, in 2012, I asked in a conversation, to me this very post, you could even say problematic post, entrusted to four years.
Apparently, I was the boss of the presidential office for four years and eight months.
Ivanov&apos;s position took over in December 2011.
Before that, he held the position of Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and previously, like Putin, he worked for the Committee of State Security (KGB).
At the end of the 90., when Putin was in charge the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Putin came to power, Ivanov was named one of his five closest aides.
At the time even speculated about that Ivanov could become the successor to Putin at the head of the state after his second term, because it would be for Putin&apos;s third term was unconstitutional.
This post but took another close associate of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin&apos;s return to the presidency on a mere three and a half years later became prime minister.
Thomas Gibson, star of TV show Criminal Minds, was released after he struck a director
Gibson&apos;s last month in Los Angeles, involved in a physical exchange of views on the scene.
The television station ABC, and CBS, which produced the series, announced his release in a joint statement.
Gibson, who has played special agent Aaron Hotchner, on Thursday before the announcement of his firing.
There was the emergence of creative differences on the scene and to a disagreement.
I&apos;m sorry that this happened, "he said in a statement.
According to television stations ABC and CBS are the details about the way in which a character Gibson disappears from the show, which follows the stories of a team of FBI agents, a little later.
Čtyřiapadesátiletý actor, made famous by the main role in sitcom Dharma and Greg, featured in the show since the first series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and during the past ?? years, I gave them heart and soul", said Gibson, in his statement, issued on Friday.
I was hoping that I&apos;ll be in it until the end..... .but now it will not be possible.
I would like to express my thanks to the authors, producers, actors, our amazing staff and, above all, great fans, this show could ever hope for.
The return of the show in the ??th series is expected to be September 28.
In the town of Banff mysteriously landed in the garden fish
The man from the town of Banff has asked for help in identifying the fish, which appeared in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 pieces of fish may be sand eels, which they left a waterspout.
Bain, who lives about 500 yards from the sea, on channel Periscope published a short film of his award in the belief that, if someone could help clarify how 5centimetrové fish on his garden.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connects with Fife
The project for 1.35 billion pounds is to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the North platform and Queensferry Crossing and viaduct - most now connects with Fife.
This is the first of the four "fans among the platforms&apos;, which are now almost completed around each of the three pylons of the bridge.
Part of the bridge from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
She&apos;s in her 10 000 tonnes and 20 000 tonnes of cement and 46 aerial cables.
The project for 1.35 billion pounds is to be completed by May 2017.
Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to come from the mainland to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic moment and a symbolic moment in building the Queensferry Crossing.
On this project, we&apos;ve all seen the construction engineers in a massive scale they used more than 30 000 tonnes of concrete and steel for the construction of this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge was the completion of the locks between the viaduct and the platform of the bridge a delicate operation that required extreme accuracy.
In its place is now a total of more than 79% of the total area of the bridge, the concrete for the last part of the platform is now cast in Rosythu, so the whole platform is ready for pickup at the bridge.
Michael Martin, project leader Forth Crossing Bridge, kites, said: "The first is a roadblock in the construction of each bridge is always an important milestone.
On this amazing project, this closure is the tip of the engineering.
After the installation of the last part of the road and its connection to the expanding platform North Tower, we then have to close the final gap on the north side - to the mainland.
This we did stretch north approach viaduct 700 millimetres in a southerly direction.
This was a massive and at the same time a very delicate operation.
Massive because viaduct is 222 yards long, weighs 6,000 tonnes and was necessary to drag it to rise about 3 per cent.
Delicate, because tolerance, which the team worked, were very small - only a few millimeters each way.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Saving in Moelfre Bay: Three men are &apos;happy to be alive "
Three men are &apos;happy to be alive "after he&apos;s washed away from their fishing boat in Anglesey.
Moelfre RNLI lifeboat station issued an alert on Friday at 13: 20, British summer time, after the crew of the incident at Moelfre saw.
All three men were trying to swim to safety, while their boat went out of control.
"We saw how their boat circling in their vicinity, and we thought the worst", said Moelfre lifeboat helmsman Vince Jones.
"Strong winds it luckily away from them before we left", he added.
Two men rescued a local fishing boat, a third man aged 60 was found without lifejackets exhausted, holding the buoy.
They were all handed over to the deck of the coastal lifeboat and life-raft převezemi back at the station
Jones said: "Three men toppling into the water are happy that they are alive and totally unharmed.
Motor boat had rope for an emergency shutdown, but somehow the disconnect from the person who was driving when the boat overturned.
Someone from the top over the boys held the hand.
Judge refuses to address the case for Tluchořově wife.
Peter Tluchoř is one of three Members, who should, according to the indictment from the Prime Minister and his former cabinet chief Nečase Jany Nagyové political newsstand, a lucrative post for political concessions.
In 2012, the approval of the tax package.
Šnajdr, Fuksa Tluchoř and allow him his resignation.
Then they appeared on the influential posts in state-owned companies.
I therefore also faced suspicions of bribery and ended up on the month in custody.
According to the court, but illegally, and they got it as compensation for a total of nearly 2 million crowns.
Tluchoř now in case acts as a witness, and that after the intervention of the Supreme Court.
His wife works in the court building at the Ecotechnical Museum and deal with civil disputes.
Still wants to be Judge Helena Kralova careful (dealing with criminal matters - Germany and avoid potential objections.
The case so probably will get the job of another Prague judicial district.
Králová, was twice acquitted Janu Nečasovou, formerly Nagyovou.
It was about the alleged abuse of military intelligence to monitor the first wife Prime Minister Nečase Radky.
In this case Tluchoř.
According to lawyer Jaroslava Ortmana goes but unnecessary overreaction.
I think that impartiality cannot be thus interpreted the court to exclude, if witnesses are wives or relatives on the court.
I&apos;m afraid that will be impossible to judge anything at all, he said for the journal.
&quot;I think it&apos;s pretty crazy,&quot; he added.
In the case of political trafik is accused Roman Boček, also a former official.
According to his lawyer Peter Tomana would but any claim had a chance of success.
Obvodní soud pro Prahu 1 before 13 June the prosecution of former chief cabinet of Prime Minister Petr Nečas Jany Nečasové Nagyové (today) and other defendants in the case of misuse of the Military Intelligence.
The slide comes Nečasová with her husband to court.
Tluchořová should address the statements about Peroutkovi.
Wife exposlance should judge, for example, statements about the democratic President Miloš Zeman prewar journalists Ferdinand Peroutkovi.
Zeman of him said that he sympathized with Adolf Hitler.
One of the schoolgirls is already dead!
The girl obviously died in an air raid by Allied forces.
In Syria, together with his two as old friends left in February last year from London&apos;s Gatwick airport.
The British Home Office report on her death nekomentovalo.
The young London girl who ran away from home, the police were secretly transported to Syria through the Turkish border.
Shamima, Amira and Kadiza Begumová Abaseová Sultanaová headed by the media for his other former classmate from London school Bethnal Green Academy.
The case last year provoked a huge wave of attention and tension in relations between Britain and Turkey.
British security services estimate that in Syria has left about 600 British Muslims, out of about 50 young women and girls.
Many of them joined the militants from IS and other groups.
Those who return home, pose a terrorist threat in Britain.
Dream job for the hundred thousand salary.
Great paying job, to which even you don&apos;t need college.
So at first glance, looks like the work of a computer guy.
And, often, on the other.
The advantage is not only on the Czech situation extremely high salary (in Prague to work in IT you make up to 180 000 CZK), but also extreme advantage.
This is due to the huge lack of IT specialists.
Missing thousands of specialists.
According to the estimates, is missing in the Czech Republic almost 20 000 IT specialists.
Among the most wanted of according to the statistics agency Grafton programmers, developers, network engineers and specialists.
The candidates to choose between several offers of work.
So Nesoupeří candidates about the job, but the positions of the candidates, says Jitka Součková, marketing manager at Grafton Recruitment.
The high school is not a necessity.
Higher education is not a necessity for the tech.
Higher education means a good basis and is an indicator of intelligence and vzdělatelnosti candidate, but has often little to do with knowledge of the development.
Developers must constantly learn new things, which once educated high school will not replace, says Peter Kubačka, director of Monster Career CZ.
The money in Prague.
Wages the geek to all Republican running well above average.
The most money come in Prague and Brno, in the regions it&apos;s a picnic.
&quot;Employment conditions are comparable to those in Prague,&quot; confirms Kubačka.
On the highest earnings reach the technical directors.
In Prague and Brno you can come to 120 000 - 180 000 Kč.
In other regions, wages lower, but even there it falls below 80 000 Kč.
Poptávaní are also IT project managers.
At the onset may earn 60 000 - 100 000 Kč.
The fight is about the graduates.
While in some professions must be graduates often straight to work, for the geek doesn&apos;t count.
If the firms drag and overpay expert from other companies, like to reach for grad.
They can raise him on my own.
Without language.
Knowledge of foreign languages is useful in every profession, but the geek is necessary at least decent English.
The knowledge of at least one foreign language is a necessity in some IT positions.
On the other hand, we are dealing with the number of cases where firms are seeking in particular professional educated and experienced person and feel satisfied only with an average knowledge of English.
However, the aid worker, for example, has more foreign language, is interesting because for his employer can serve more customers from different countries, adds Director Kubačka.
Yeah in Google, there&apos;s a paradise.
Just quietly envy can Czech workers staff in Google.
The flexible working time for them, the opportunity to work from home or part-time, not only for the mother.
&quot;Novopečeným fathers gives the company an extra four weeks&apos; leave after the birth of the child,&quot; says Martin Joneková, a spokesman for Google.
Pampering includes health care for staff and family, meals, transport, training, spa or massage right in the workplace.
Who wants to learn, he&apos;s got the green light and it doesn&apos;t matter what new wants to learn.
But the benefits don&apos;t end there.
Such a full fridge, also free of charge is certainly not to be sniffed at.
A healthy lunch (in some locations, including breakfast and dinner, is available on the site every day.
In addition, they are in all the offices of the so-called mikrokuchyňky, where people always find a healthy snack, says spokesman.
And didn&apos;t have to throw out, so what, it doesn&apos;t eat into boxes, which employees can take home at night.
And the reason these na české poměry incredible advantages?
Create a creative and motivating environment!
&quot;For Google is not important that employees were sitting in an office for eight hours a day, but the results of the initiatives or projects, shift or developments, ideas and innovative solutions,&quot; adds the spokesman.
United Nations sharply criticized Bulgaria for the criminalisation of refugees.
Zeid Ra &apos;ad al-Hussein, the UN Commissioner for Human Rights, accused on Thursday Bulgaria, that systematically violates human rights, the criminalisation of the refugees.
The official strategy of the Bulgarian government &quot;raised serious concern about the fact that Bulgaria does not comply with international law,&quot; Zeid Ra &apos;ad al-Hussein said in a statement.
He warned that &quot;it is particularly disturbing to witness this, as important and influential public figures expressed public support for the criminal militant outfits, which boldly hunted on refugees at the border between Bulgaria and Turkey&quot;.
&quot;One of the most serious problems is that nearly all people who switch to the Bulgarian territory irregular manner are being arrested,&quot; said Zeid.
And what&apos;s even worse - often they are prosecuted and imprisoned - for a year or more - if they try to leave the country.
Their attempts to leave the country are criminalised, despite the fact that, under international law, everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own.
Bulgaria held 14 000 migrants this year, last year, for the same period 21 000.
Pokemon Go - the pursuit of health and happiness, which will pay off
It&apos;s fascinating to watch how the world is changing.
A number of people during the last decade, lamenting that, teenagers and kids no longer play outside and prefer to spend free time in front of screens.
Pokemon Go lifting people from sofas and leading them to activity.
Time spent in front of screens initially reduced to TV, later on video games and, most recently, on smart phones.
It&apos;s great to watch that technologies and activities outside se nevzájem.
I&apos;m talking of course about fashion, which is the Pokemon Go app, based on the figures, which first appeared in the video games at the end of the 90. (later created a cartoon series, playing cards and others).
As with many cultural phenomena, and there has been prior to this new games at the beginning of July in the US, Australia and New Zealand to the decline in interest.
Those in other countries then was postponed because of the massive interest that led to overload servers.
Pokemon Go has a few days to more users than Tinder and nearly as many users as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players on a smart phone and go out looking for Pokemon, which are monitored using GPS, and when they find them, they may be "take a picture" (a screenshot on the phone) or "catch".
Mania has gripped a generation that played the game at a younger age, lifting it from the seats and drives out looking for Pokemon.
In the US, thanks to this game, there was a substantial increase in the number of steps that the &apos;average&apos; person does every day.
Aplikace Cardiogram for smart watch from Apple, which monitors 35 000 users, recently told the Washington Post that during the two days of the start of the game, the number of people who practiced every day for 30 minutes, jumped from 45 to 53 percent.
The company has no information about who the Pokemon Go playing - only see the raw data on the levels of exercise.
Many public campaigns seeking to ensure that people "found 30", "got up off the couch" and "were active every day", fell on deaf ears, because the majority of messages aimed at public health is boring and for people who don&apos;t look good.
Yet the importance of exercise must not be underestimated.
Those who exercise regularly, reduce the risk of cancer or depression.
Physical activity is involved in the control of weight, high blood pressure, diabetes, and a long list of benefits that we can&apos;t all be.
But the beauty of the game Pokemon Go is based on the fact that people go out and do something that is fun.
Pokrýváte so the three pillars of health - exercise, fresh air and sunlight. And fun.
Some people even in pursuit of Pokémon will get new friends.
As it happens, there are of course also those boring patrons, who are looking for any excuse to to complain about.
And yes, anyone can walk in the door.
And what like?
It was a breakthrough.
In his time applications for smart phones, such as the Fitbit, could monitor our activity, but did not give us a reason to do anything, as is the case in this game.
News flash to look in and the interest starts to wane at some point.
Of course, thanks to the success of the Pokemon appear more games, which will be combined with virtual reality apps and activity in the real world and will help many people in pursuit of activity, health and better form.
Read blog Dr. Joe on www.drjoetoday.com
Simon Bilesová won gold in the women&apos;s gymnastics all-around
Forget the pressure.
Forget the excitement.
Simon Bilesová is immune to all this.
Dynamic on vault.
No effort on beam.
The floor all dumb.
Brilliant in everything.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
A ??-year-old American gymnast went straight on Thursday for the title in the all-around and the other badly under the Olympic spotlight.
The overall result 62,198 clearly confirming her early ahead of the silver and a member of the team "final five" Aly Raismanovou and Russian bronze Mustafinovou Aliya early.
Simon Bilesová (USA) on Thursday, during a performance on the balance beam in the finals víceboje individuals in the sport of gymnastics at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bilesová became the fourth American in a row who won víceboj, and fifth overall, when confirmed his reputation as the best gymnast of his generation and possibly the best ever.
When it was her total final assessment on the board and its a long drive up to that point was over, there were tears on her face.
This achievement puts her in the same league, isolated athletes of his time, as is Michael Phelps, who added a new dimension to the sport:
Bilesová dominated his sport for the last three years, won 15 medals in world championships - including 10 gold, her fascinating reports are a mixture of ambition and accuracy and the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton it has identified as "the best gymnast, had ever seen".
The last test was waiting for her in Brazil, not so much between Bilesovou and the rest of the závodnic, but between itself and the burden too great expectations.
Anything else, before returning home to his family in Spring, Texas, with a handful of gold medals, would be seen as a disappointment.
Simon Bilesová (USA), left, and Aly Raismanová hug each other after winning gold and silver medals in the finals of the female víceboje jednotlivkyň at the Summer Olympics in Brazil&apos;s Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
The first Bilesová received Tuesday, when it was as an exclamation point in the party, the outgoing national team coordinator Martha Karolyiové.
Bilesová insists that during their long journey to the top never looked forward, but that&apos;s not entirely true.
Part of her convoy in the floor - the one that contains the typical of her triple flip with a double turnover - is embedded in the Latin music, which would be just threw home, took to the streets outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
It&apos;s not a coincidence.
The girl was adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and her mother discovered a talent coach Aimee Boormanové Boormanová on the way to the gym, where he trained and where he got the strength.
The competition in the all-around lost since the summer of 2013 - a sequence of victories, which may continue for as long as Bilesová will want.
Although Mustafinová took a short lead thanks to two otočkám, it was an illusion.
Beam and unholy - where Bilesová defending world champion - are waiting.
She got back into the lead with 15,433 points for a balance beam - and complete with 15,933 points in the floor.
Raismanová hugged her gently as they waited for the final score - a mere formality - and around the shimmering red, white, and blue shadows to Bilesové tears, if you wish, that you once wrote in my diary as a kid.
The Raismanové was a bit of a payback for the Olympics four years ago, when sharing third place with bronze Mustafinovou, then her but because of the sum of the three best reports.
This time the ??-year-old team captain, which Americans say "grandma", was much in front.
After blowing kisses to the crowd, sending its floor, eliminated the return, which sometimes appeared uncertain.
For Bilesovou&apos;s contribution that this ?? year-old athlete this week on Twitter, where he became a smash hit, a whole new meaning:
Police: Three victims in the case of a serial killer shot when listening to music in the car.
According to the police report, published on Thursday, killed two women and a girl aged 12 years during nejvažnějšího attack for decades, in the case of the first serial killer in Phoenix were shot while sitting in a car, talking and listening to music.
The authorities have announced that Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and daughter Maleah Ellis were shot on June 12 in a car parked in the driveway.
The report states that an armed man was on the passenger side, and from a handgun fired eight shots. fled in another vehicle then.
According to the police, not for triple murder, robbery, because the assailant didn&apos;t take your wallet, or the amount of $2,900, which had one of the adult victims.
Phoenix police spokesman, Sgt. Jonathan Howard said that investigators are finding, whether the shooting had any connection with any of the previous four attacks.
In two predominantly Hispanic neighborhoods during four months in total to nine attacks, in which seven people were killed and two other people were injured.
"It&apos;s in a residential area in front of the houses", said Howard earlier this month for a branch of CBS station KPHO.
According to the police, the suspect used several cars, including brown Nissan from the end of the 90., a black BMW in the late 90. and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to say what evidence led them to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and have been carried out by the same killer.
Ellis (33) was taken to hospital, where he later died from their injuries.
Liner (31 ? ? ? ? ? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??) and daughter Maleah Ellis died on the spot.
A witness told the police that it was not unusual that the women sat in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities also published a police report about the shooting, which the target has become an empty truck a mere half an hour before the triple murder. The police believes that its author was a serial killer.
Investigators found shell casings and bullet fragments in his seat, and from under the engine bonnet built bullet.
The mother of a six-year-old child with microcephaly: "His condition is improving"
Edmund Picciuto, like most children his age, he loves singing, toys and, of course, my mommy.
But unlike its peers to suffer from microcephaly, which is the result of genetic disorders, of which his mother, Elizabeth Picciutová, during pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was that I can&apos;t do this.
I can&apos;t do this.
I&apos;m not ready for this.
Which is not at all true - clearly, that you are ready for it, "she said.
She and her husband Vincent learned that Edmund is perhaps will never know and that might not make it.
Some doctors even suggested that he was placed in an institution.
"My first reaction was that I thought that people don&apos;t do this anymore", explains Picciutová.
Edmund walks with the help of a walker.
Until the age of three years, couldn&apos;t sit or crawl. And still doesn&apos;t talk.
Some milestones already but slowly.
He comes with help and ride a bike.
I also love to play with his two brothers and loves to sing.
Elizabeth doing sign language, using that Edmund says "please, sing me".
"We&apos;re teaching him sign language", said Picciutová for CBS News.
But it&apos;s not the normal sign language - says that Edmund some characters came up with that myself.
Microcephaly can occur from a number of different conditions: genetic, as is the case with Edmund, and after infections in pregnancy caused by viruses such as measles or Zika.
The symptoms and prognosis may substantially differ.
It&apos;s too early to say what impact it will have on the lives of the Zika virus infected.
Picciutová recalls the emotional toll that chooses the uncertain future.
Constantly asking: "What&apos;s next?"
What&apos;s next?
And still isn&apos;t sure.
In fact, I never asked you, what is the overall prognosis, because I don&apos;t expect anyone would be able to say.
Picciutová&apos;s upbeat message for the mother of all the children that suffer from birth defects caused by the Zika virus.
The situation is improving.
Know that it will be better.
You love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rains and flooding have claimed rescue in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and flooding in Louisiana on Friday, have prompted the governor to declare a state of emergency. In the state are expected to further rain on Saturday.
The National Weather Service (NWS) announced that, following the extreme downpours, many rivers in the southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi to spill over their banks and flooding.
The governor of Louisiana, John Bel Edwards, said that state officials are continuously in contact with local authorities and help is already on the way to the affected areas.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the governor&apos;s office for national security and preparedness for crisis situations, said he received requests for vehicles for the ride in the water, the boats and sandbags.
Steele said the only precinct Tangipahoa requested ??,??? sandbags.
Povodňové patrols will remain in most southern Louisiana to work Saturdays.
The weather service said in a statement that the above sea level may it rain around 8 to 13 more centimertů.
In southern Alabama was flood watch alert on Friday, when the rain continued in the area of the town of Mobile.
According to predictions have Comite River in Baton Rouge and Amit in Denham Springs this weekend.
The weatherman Alek Krautmann said that both said they can flood a number of houses in příměstkých areas of Baton Rouge.
It further stated that the risk of flooding downstream in Ascension, where those swollen flows will be cast into the Lake Maurepas only slowly.
The river Tickfaw, about anything south of the border of the State of Mississippi in Liverpool in the state of Louisiana, has already achieved its Friday at 9 a.m. local time at the highest recorded level.
Rescue workers still pick up people from the torrential waters Amit and Wilkinson County in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were previously on Friday between záchráněnými in Glosteru.
Hansford (62) said that water from Beaver Creek, which are normally more than 120 yards from his house, has risen rapidly through the night.
He said he told his stepson, who lives nearby.
"We woke up and water was coming closer", Hansford said.
We&apos;ve had it up to his waist.
According to his wife, it&apos;s highest level ever in the river for the past 48 years.
Hansford said that he and all his family are on disability and he&apos;s the only one who can swim.
Hansford said that crisis workers saved all three huge trucks in military style and transferred them to the fire station in Glosteru, where on Friday remained covered.
Krautmann said that with the continuing heavy rain with flooding "spread rapidly" and authorities are considering evacuation.
According to an observer near Livinstonu Krautmanna announced that, from midnight to Friday morning fell 35 inches of rainfall.
Krautmann said that land is heavily saturated from Wednesday.
The authorities have indicated that the heavy rain and paid way require rescuing people from their homes in the district of Tangipahoa and the cancellation of classes in five school districts.
CBS affiliate WWL reported that, according to the elders of the Tangipahoa were flooded 200 homes.
The residents were evacuated in two churches, both of which are now flooded.
Mayor of the municipality of Robby Miller stated that, authorities rescued 72 people and seven domestic animals, trapped by high water.
In the municipality of Amit and the city of Hammond were set up shelters for those who have been evacuated.
"They&apos;ll be able to go back home when the water starts to fade", he said.
In Tangipahoa parish in the city of Hammond was for flood closed more than 20 streets and the locals got available sandbags, which can pick up and try and protect their homes and businesses before the water.
"The last big floods we had in March", said administrator městla Lacy Landrum.
It seems that these floods will be similar.
Rupert Lacy, the emergency manager in Harrison County in the State of Mississippi, it was argued that, on the coast of the Persian Gulf continues the steady rain.
He said that the flooding on Thursday, it was announced on Friday, a few houses, but none of them had already appeared in the report.
Keith Townsonová, Shopper Value Foods in Amit, lived in the area for 40 years.
"I saw water in several places, where I have never seen her before", said Townsonová, "and it&apos;s still there".
Mahaj Brown (6) - "boy shot up like a sieve", survived the shooting in Philadelphia
According to the police, was in Philadelphia shot six-year-old boy. This week is already the second shooting for a child aged 6 years in the city.
The grandparents of the child it for CBS Philadelphia Mahaje identified as Brown.
Grandparents, they say that the boy has suffered several gunshot wounds, including the groin, legs, arms and stomach, but during transport to the hospital he was conscious.
"He took so much, his little body was shot full of holes", said his grandmother, Delores Melendezová station.
I can&apos;t believe it.
The boy is in a critical condition in hospital and has undergone several operations.
The family for the station, said that the boy was healthy.
He had to get into the first grade of primary school.
Mahaj Brown is among the four people who were shot in parts of Germantown.
Postřeleni were another three men, two aged 29 and one aged 32.
One of the men at the age of 29, is in critical condition, according to CBS Philadelphia are the other two victims in stable condition.
According to reports, the station was a child found shot in the front seat of the vehicle together with devětadvacetiletým man in critical condition.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police is examining whether any of the injured men could be the shooter.
Investigators station CBS Philadelphia reported that there is probably a shootout between a number of armed men.
A place were found shell casings from assault weapon type, belonging to various weapons.
Apparently it was definitely about the ongoing battle.
On the street the caps were on either side of the sidewalk.
It appears, therefore, that there were several armed fighting persons who have been actively involved, "said Philadelphia police captain for station Anthony Ginaldi.
Open fire was also several houses and vehicles in the area.
No one was arrested and the police are reportedly exploring video recordings from cameras.
Another time, a ?-year-old girl, was shot in the arm by a stray bullet on Tuesday in front of the house in the neighbourhood of West Oak Lane.
The girl is recovering and the police are still looking for the suspect.
Why we need Simon, Laurie and Gabby
Just like that I imagine the women gymnasts for this year&apos;s Olympic Games, and this for several reasons.
First of all, I was at every summer Olympics since 1984 and the US have never been so dominant.
And second: In this team are three gymnasts, Simon Bilesová, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, which inspired so many young girls of color.
Everyone is proud of the composition of this team, which complements Raismanová Aly, who is Jewish, and Catholic Madison Kocianová.
Finally we have a team that looks like America.
Also, the presence of black women and latinskoameričanek at the top of the sport.
A gymnast number one in the past four years was African-American.
Simone and Gabby were last year on the first and second rung.
That means something.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Dougalsová surprisingly become Olympic champion and America cheered.
Now the world can witness the incredible performance of triple world winners Simon Bilesové, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, which demonstrated an unexpected, but mastering gymnastic moves.
On Thursday, Simon has become the fourth American, who won gold in the women&apos;s individual all-around.
A team member Aly Raismanová won silver.
We are witnessing a sports top, but in the hours of gymnastics in the country it doesn&apos;t seem like it.
Simon, Gabby and Laurie completed the Olympic team the same way as Aly and Madison.
They are the "final five", because a team of gymnasts at the next Olympic games will be made up of only four athletes, and this is the last year, when Marta Karolyiová coaches.
The fact is, however, that gymnastics is financially demanding sport and gymnasts train mostly in private gymnastic clubs that keep parents, who pay the cost of training, equipment, travel, the uniforms, the charges for the competition, hotel accommodation (for coaches and their charges and the family)... and it is far from all.
Most of these sports clubs is in rich areas in the suburbs, which can support.
In these clubs are gymnasts all practice and for the families of gymnasts and gymnasts is a costly and long-term commitment.
Aimee Boormanová, coach Simon Bilesové, and Maggie Haney, the coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained athletes, at a time when began in gymnastics.
It is our duty to practice gymnastics, which are more affordable and accessible to communities of countless young girls that Simon, Gabby and Laurie inspired.
Foundation for gymnastics I started 20 years ago.
In my organisation, where we offer gymnastics free of charge or at a low cost in Harlem for more than 15 000 young people in the town (mostly black and Hispanic) and training national and international champions.
In September we will expand to Detroit (my hometown), where we provide a quality gymnastics to young people, who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops the strength, flexibility and coordination body and hard work, discipline and determination.
This combination means a lifetime benefits for good health, achievement in school and at work.
It was an inspiration to the team will be sending thousands of young girls who will want to do gymnastics. And that&apos;s great.
Participation in this sport is very important, especially for girls.
It&apos;s a very exciting time.
Thank you, Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison, for that you have shown &apos;girl power&apos; and you win Olympic team gold. And thank you for that little incentive so many young girls of all different backgrounds, to travel to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After rejecting a proposal Jeremy Hunt are young doctors are prepared to enter into further strikes
Ministers had hoped that, after the conclusion of a revised agreement with the representatives of the British Medical Association (BMA) will exit the disagreements concerning changes. But 58 percent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in the elections, rejected the contract.
Hunt in July revealed plans to enforce the contract, with the NHS was in "no man&apos;s land", and further delays could have a detrimental effect on staff and patients.
The first young doctors have already signed a new contract, which includes changes in late night and weekend working practices with a view to improving care in nesociálních hours.
The doctor Ellen McCourtová, Chair of the BMA for the young doctor in a statement last night said: "The young doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, above all, in the sense that there will be an increase in the current crisis the workforce and thus for a fair treatment of all physicians".
Only eight weeks before the first group of doctors will come under a new contract, it is necessary to make progress and are running out of time.
The BMA to resolve the disputes through negotiations met with reluctance to involve Dr. and often with a deafening silence from the government.
And despite the promise of Jeremy Hunt from last month, that this option is still open.
"Jeremy Hunt must now act to push enforcement and resolve the concerns of junior doctors".
If this is not the case, then are young doctors are ready to make the next move.
During the last strike at the end of April, the postponement of routine operations of almost 13 000 and 100 000 visits, because nurses and specialists were called to barred doctors, who were among the protesters.
Ministers had hoped that, after the conclusion of a revised agreement with the representatives of the British Medical Association (BMA) comes to the conclusion of a disagreement on the changes.
BMA wants higher payments for working on a weekend for 54 000 young doctors, who would have been the subject of a contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chairman of the NHS employers, called the young doctor, not to any strike.
Mortimer said: "Oborovou actions will achieve little or nothing at all, but there is a pressure on the already overburdened teams and services and increase fear, exhaustion and the disruption to patients, medical staff and their families".
In the past two months we have discussed with the board of young doctors and, together with the Ministry of Health and the other we positively responded to concerns about the role of supervision and an informant.
Employers had hoped that the continued positive involvement in other issues such as workload, flexibility training, further training for those who are returning after a career break, the costs for training, the mutual recognition of objects, study time, and the difference in pay between the sexes - was proof of how seriously employers, Health Education England and the Health Department take the BMA with the agreements which were reached in November, February and May.
The cure for ?? kroner a day can reduce the risk of heart attack
Thousands of patients at risk of heart attack will be able to take the medicine, which is the equivalent of standing around ?? crowns (two pounds). it more patients administered recommended the authorities over a longer period of time.
Ticagrelor reduces blood clotting medicine in people with heart disease, the risk that an attack occurs again.
The drug is now after a heart attack is given over a period of 12 months, in order to reduce the risk of stroke or seizure.
NHS watchdog NICE recommended that the drug was given to people for a period of four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now the NHS watchdog NICE recommended that was given to people for a period of four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
In England suffer heart attacks each year, about 140 000 people, and a quarter of them will suffer another heart attack or stroke.
Heart attack and stroke are caused by the accumulation of fat, which on the walls of arteries creates a continuous layer.
If the secession of this layer, may result in a blood clot, blocking access to the blood to the heart and heart attack.
If the clot released, can carry on through blood vessels, blocking blood flow to the brain and cause a stroke.
People who have had a heart attack already, are at greater risk of further attack.
Ticagrelor produced by British company AstraZeneca, which is sold under the trade name Brilique reduces the risk by clots which is less likely.
In the proposal for a directive of NICE, which was made public, it is recommended that patients receiving 90 mg ticagrelor for a period of 12 months and then 60 mg, along with aspirin, and that twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longsonová, director of the centre for health technology evaluation for NICE, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary preventive treatments there is a quarter of the patients who have had a heart attack and the other will suffer a heart attack or a stroke - often to the consequences".
Fear of a repeat may have a significant adverse impact on the quality of life of the patient.
It has been shown that Ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
It is our pleasure that the preliminary recommendations Ticagreloru we can extend the treatment options that are available to many thousands of people who will be able to benefit from it.
Because information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagreloru - particularly about the dangers of bleeding - beyond three years is limited, it is not in the draft, the recommended treatment over that period.
With computer culture began to flourish fraud in Muslim areas
The mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, which has been associated with a government report
The culture of political correctness has led to the neglect of the spreading of fraud in Muslim communities, it is now in a government report.
Ex-ministr Sir Eric Pickles has sharply criticised the police, election inspectors and council that ignored abuse voters for "hypersensitivity to ethnicity and religion".
The former communities secretary, now Lord of anti-corruption measures, said that voter intimidation on the basis of their religion is so bad that the police should do cordons outside polling stations and vystražené voters to protect.
It recommended that voters to bring ID at the polls and they can prove who they are.
Currently, voters can indicate their name and address.
The report also proposes that the fingers of the indelible ink applied giving voice to avoid that someone will vote twice.
Whistlebloweři should have more protection, says Pickles.
He wants the press to have greater access to the documents of the meeting and the decision by the unofficial committees or pracovmí group.
"This is not just a protection against electoral fraud, but also the protection of local governments before the wider corruption and financial fraud, which with that go hand in hand", he said.
The report sought to Downing Street as a result of electoral scandal in Tower Hamlets in west London.
Last year a special electoral court has ruled, the acting Mayor Lutfur Rahman should be dismissed from his post after allegations of corruption and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman had "cynically" the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, according to their words "led his campaign, so that it was the religious duty of observant Muslims to vote for him".
Up to 300 votes were challenged or as a result of identity theft, when a person votes and issued to you by someone else.
Sir Eric said that there was evidence of fraud in the country.
He expressed particular concern about fraud in postal voting - of which, it is claimed that the older members of the Muslim community during pressured him to people, to vote for the candidate they have chosen.
Sir Eric, on the slide, he gave several recommendations on how to clean up the electoral system, including the submission of a proof of identity
His report states: "He was proof that the vulnerable members of certain ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, he was pressured to vote according to the will of the elderly, especially in communities originating from Pakistan and Bangladesh".
"There are concerns that state institutions such clouded eyes because of" politically correct "hypersensitivity to ethnic origin, and religion".
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations on how to clean up the system, including the disabled, political activists, in order to manipulate the correspondent voices and so prevent &apos;extraction votes. "
The report, which is now reviewing the Theresa May, also calls for tighter control of the authorisations, in order to prevent the use of lists of candidates for immigration fraud and fraud with doses.
Consider the possibility to require voters to present proof of identity before voting.
Use an indelible ink on fingers of people voting, in order to avoid that someone will vote twice.
Implementation of systematic controls the nationality of persons, in order to ensure that they can vote for.
Applications for automatic postal ballot restricted to a period of three years.
Disable political agitators and activists, to manipulate submissions korespondenčními votes and electoral envelopes.
To give the police permission to create around polling stations cordons.
Change the laws, to make it easier to prosecute those developing illegal coercion under the reform of the 1983 law.
Disable taking photographs in polling stations.
Require that the polling stations were only the English (except in Wales).
Enhance training, in order to ensure that personnel abide by a rule that voters go to the polling booths.
Sir Eric criticises the London police and says it is "surprising" that the case of Tower Hamlets have been no accusations of criminal offences.
"The court ruled the election for Lutfura Rahman and his agent for the litany of corruption and illegal practices", he said.
For a number of reasons was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - the strength of the evidence of a crime.
He also criticises the failure of "controls the check boxes" in departments for registering voters at the town hall.
Sir Eric said: "Last year&apos;s court ruling in the case of Tower Hamlets awakening.
Our nation has a proud legacy cradle of parliamentary democracy, but disturbing and hidden the spread of electoral fraud, and the refusal by some authorities are threatening that reputation.
Infatuation cycling double duchess Kate doppelganger and other celebrities at the Olympics in Rio
Fans olympijkých games in Rio 2016 this week is crazy to French street cyclists Ferrand-Prevotové Pauline, which is strikingly similar to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the ??-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete to gold this year, which boasts its own double from among celebrities - at least not according to the social networks.
In celebration of the Olympic Games in Rio and all the celebrities, which currently appear on our screens, the FEMAIL column for women list of Olympic athletes, who are more than remotely alike holywoodským celebrities.
It&apos;s like hunted animals: A member of the American team archers Brady Ellison (left) has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio
In addition to the doppelganger Kate on the cycling track, many people online quickly pointed out that certain archer could be twin star Leonardo DiCaprio.
The athlete from the team of American archers Brady Ellison has caused a Twitter storm after it emerged his images, which looks remarkably like the wolf of Wall Street.
Brady himself noticed a media frenzy and admitted that he had heard about his similarities with Leo since I was a kid.
"I don&apos;t see much resemblance, except perhaps his beard", said Brady for the Huffington Post.
"It&apos;s cool and looks good, so I think that&apos;s a compliment".
One of the most popular comparison from London 2012, no doubt this year will be highlighted even more: striking resemblance between British jumper into the distance and Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast to Aliya Mustafinové with her large, expressive eyes, said to be a copy of kubánsko-americké singer Gloria Estefan.
And when we look to a swimming pool, the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh is already several years compared to Gell show star Matthew Morrison.
And for a change: The user thinks that Nathan&apos;s "athletic version of" an actor from the film Inception (Inception) 
Another longtime comparing tennis stars Rafael Nadal is a simile and actor Josh Hartnetta, who have similarly thick eyebrows and lips.
The Russian silver swimmer Yulia Efimovová boasts not only the same dark skin and blond hair, like my Annalynne McCord. And about Nathan Adrian of the US team&apos;s fans say he looks like "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt".
Fit, able-bodied women: singer football Hope Sol (left) and actress show Dexter&apos;s Jennifer Carpenter (right) have a similar face shape and eyes
Not just one: The user Twitter he was very pleased to see that others have noticed the similarities
The waves theory: According to this user, maybe there is a reason for a similar view of couples
One Twitter user recently on the website expressing their happiness that the "rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Sol and Jennifer Carpenter are in fact identical".
The football star Hope Sol and actress Jennifer Carpenter Dexter episodes are really incredibly similar to the shape of the face and eyes.
Among other popular by comparisons is Walsh-Jenningsová Kerri and her smile, which is almost identical to a smiling actresses Laura Linneyové, or gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, boasting his gorgeous smile, which seemed to copy smile Gabrielle Unionové, star of the film, Bravo, girls!
The Olympic games station CBC apologises for that, the Chinese swimmer said he "blew up"
Movie audiences Wednesday&apos;s live broadcast of the Olympic Games on the station CBC analysis of the performance of ??-year-old Ai Yanhanové outraged commentator Byron MacDonald. race swimmer ended in fourth place on the women&apos;s 4x200 metres freestyle relay
The Canadian station CBC was forced to apologize after one of its commentators said that the ??-year-old Chinese swimmer during the race "ran like stink" and "blew up".
The commentator Byron MacDonald thought that his microphone was turned off when at the end of the women&apos;s relay final on the 4x200 metre freestyle started spouting their own opinions.
MacDonald, who was on the team of commentators CBC to bring "recovery", among others, said: "The little ??-year-old from China gave up. Oh, man".
Too much excitement, stretched like a bad smell, exploded.
Thank you.
The Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhanová (14) away the second baton race in 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than the Canadian Taylor Rucková and allow Kanaďankám China.
The audience in Canada began to rapidly coming online and were horrified at the tone and language, which used the commentator
Emmett Macfarlane wrote on Twitter: "He said the announcer on the CBC that the ??-year-old swimmer from China" blew up "????"
The idiot hadn&apos;t noticed, he&apos;s still on the air. "
Ai Yanhanová from China in the final of the women&apos;s relay race the 4x200 metre freestyle was described as: "The little 14-year-old from China gave up. Oh, man".
Criticism of Byron MacDonald on Twitter came from all sides and many asked for his appeal
When the users of Twitter, how insensitive Byron MacDonald&apos;s, held back
Another user, Sarah Paradisová, she wrote: &quot;Wow # ByronMacDonald.
You represent Canada and the CBC, and it sounds like we&apos;re a bunch of racists. # disgust.
Soon after, Scott Russell, who hosted the CBC broadcast, apologized for live commentary MacDonald, said: "We&apos;re sorry for the comment to a swimmer who had escaped into the air".
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we&apos;re sorry that this happened. "
The station CBC eventually apologized more than 90 times the people who tweet in reply to a comment
Spolukomentátor Scott Russell had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald
CBC then copied and inserted their apology to response for more than 90 Twitter users, who have complained about the remarks commentator MacDonald
The station also quickly apologized and issued a statement.
Honestly, it regrets that the words were spoken, not to get on the air.
We apologize to our viewers on broadcast and those who follow us on social networks.
To be clear, Byron&apos;s comments related to the performance of a swimmer, not a swimmer.
In other words, it was inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, Byron&apos;s deeply sorry for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon the Byron MacDonald said in a live broadcast, and tried to explain her remark, claiming that he didn&apos;t want to sound like a personal attack.
"I&apos;d like to now apologize for his comment, which I stated last night after the women&apos;s relay", he said in a broadcast from the Olympics to the station CBC.
"I was referring to the exercise of a swimmer and a swimmer not a person as such".
"There&apos;s no need to say that I didn&apos;t intend any disrespect, and I&apos;m truly sorry".
Customers in Primark outraged a woman blatantly trying on underwear in the middle of the store
When a woman take your clothes off to get the sales area in the middle of Primark shoppers try on knickers, they weren&apos;t sure which way to look.
To make matters worse, she put her size down, took off her panties and returned them back on the shelf.
In viewing continued and ended up in a shop in a shopping centre Bouverie Place in Flokestone tried on four pairs of pants.
Primark store in a shopping centre Bouverie Place in Folkestone, where the woman&apos;s panties before she is back on the shelf
The mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was in the store at the time, claimed that the mystery woman&apos;s underwear after trial &apos;clothes back on and walked out of the store without buying anything. "
She said: "People couldn&apos;t believe my eyes".
She stood in the middle of the store, took off the shelf panties, she stripped off her own tights and knickers and put them on.
"She didn&apos;t try to even find a discreet place - just stood there, the cheeky monkeys".
"Everyone just stared, as your panties again removed her, and apparently she didn&apos;t like, because it&apos;s back on the shelf".
She did the same with three others, before finally decided that she doesn&apos;t like anything, once again dressed and left.
"She seemed to mind at all, who is watching - even the thought of that man, who should be buying knickers that you tried".
Miss Davidson (33 ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??), who lives in Kent, said: "The idea that someone takes home pants that he was wearing someone else and nobody&apos;s clean. It&apos;s disgusting".
The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Miss Davidson said: "When she left, I pick up things that I obviously tried to keep them off the shelves - what is the right thing".
"It terrified me, the idea that you bring home new panties, and I find out that she&apos;s wearing another woman, stripped them and that have not been washed".
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark store knows about the incident, which occurred at our store in Folkestone on Tuesday 9 August".
All the affected products have been withdrawn from sale.
How to defend yourself against attack weapons using Krav Maga
The outside world is dangerous, but thanks to this video from the Dailymail.com for you could be a little safer.
We talked to Rhonem Mizrahi, Grand Master of Krav Maga Federation located in New York City, to figure out how to deal with armed robbers at a close distance.
This video will show you how suddenly get over rapist superiority, whether přiblízí to you from the front or the back.
If you are approached from behind, says Mizrahi, then first, you have to do is to bring you to see your attacker and "had a clear shot".
Grasp the linen then gun between his forearm and shoulder before hitting him in the face elbow.
Then followed by a knee to the groin and, while the attacker writhing in pain, one gun out of his hand, hit him in the face and start to retreat, you keep the gun pointed at him.
If an armed man approaching you from the front, it&apos;s a similar technique - get your body out of the firing line, grab a gun and vykruťte her to bad he couldn&apos;t shoot.
At the give to weapons strength and hit the attacker in the chest, then the weapon from his grasp vykruťte and start to retreat, still shooting at him.
Sounds complicated?
Watch the video where you can see how it&apos;s Mizrahi does.
Don&apos;t forget, however, that the safest way to get one - if you&apos;re not Grand Master Krav Maga - is to issue all the cash.
The Traveler Ian Wright licks the dirtiest places in Europe to travel guide
The British traveller decided to challenge your immune system and gag reflex - licking of the dirtiest and most disgusting jobs in Europe.
The host and travel-books Ian Wright (51 ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??), originating in Suffolk, the proof of the strength of their immune system lips with my tongue note, railing at Piccadilly Circus, the flush button in the toilet on the train and the Russian public phone.
Before luminometr oblíznutím of each object used to show yourself and all of us what he was getting into.
The experiment, on the basis of which a film based on Lickhiker&apos;s Guide to Inner Strength, but brought some interesting results.
The idea kept coming to lick the button on the train, which used thousands of other people, it may seem utterly repulsive, but should be in the kitchen sink is actually far more harmful bacteria.
Ian Wright during their entire trip to Europe spoke with doctors and specialists in the health sector on the strengthening of the intestinal flora of bacteria and their own health.
Fortunately, none of the things in his mouth, licked his leave nothing worse than bad taste.
Ian Wright was best known for testing the resilience of its guts on the road around the world and eating strange and wonderful things.
During this mission safely my immune system tested - from public railing at train stations after the flusher
In the movie, a film about it, says: "Ever since I was a kid, I didn&apos;t care much about their own health and in my mouth I took everything from dirt after eating worms and muddy water".
In the movie, his reputation certainly has.
All that said, were filthy public toilets in Russia.
After a simple smear luminometr showed the value of more than 4000 units.
For comparison, freshly washed hands should have less than 60.
A public toilet in Russia but lick refused after his luminometr showed more than 4000 units, while the freshly washed hands are less than 60
Ian Wright and Finnish dairy producer Valio cestovatelův shot a film called The Lickhiker&apos;s Guide to Inner Strength, which shows the numbers of bacteria in different places, such as, for example, in the bathroom
In the movie, he said: "This is pretty much the ugliest I&apos;ve ever felt in the bathroom".
Nothing dirtier than this!
Licking I won&apos;t, because it&apos;s disgusting.
Film Lickhiker&apos;s Guide to Inner Strength was filmed with the cooperation of the Finnish producer Valio dairy products.
The company Valio Gefilus medicine provided by Mr. Wright, which contains lactic acid bacteria and vitamins C and D, which in humans, help to strengthen the gut bacteria and immune system.
Niko Vuorenmaa, senior vice president of company Valio for snacks, juices and new category, said: "We wanted to offer consumers something really new.
Something to watch with fascination and, at the same time would enable us to explain the benefits of probiotik.
We made a lot of crazy ideas, which ended the idea "we call Ian".
It is said that interest in the health of the gut is becoming a global phenomenon.
Instead, we only talked about products, we wanted to give them to into the wider context - good and bad bacteria in our daily environment, the importance of gut health and how this is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in healthy bowel is a global phenomenon and, through this document we are consumers in an attractive manner brought more detailed information.
I also think that appear in the film, great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who directed it, adds: "Let&apos;s put it this way, Ian would lose my respect if he licked some of what I wanted him to do - like the disgusting Russian toilet, who appear in the film".
Lick some things was for Ian naturally easier, some pretty hard.
I&apos;m glad we&apos;re licking some of those dirty things done. "
The company Valio has made in 2015, according to the survey, 84 percent of respondents primarily lactic acid bacteria linked to stomach and gut health, and 58 percent of respondents said they had at least occasionally use products containing lactic acid bacteria added.
The family socially necessary before the evictions, damaging the municipal building in the town of Saltash in Cornwall
The family socially necessary left on his council house damage amounting to £50,000 after they were accused of terrorizing their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldonová and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were evicted from the house in the town of Saltash, Cornwall, after a long series of complaints against them.
After their forced eviction from the house housing company officials were shocked when they found out that the property is in disrepair.
There were holes in the walls, the floor coverings was torn, was strewn all over the floor and walls have been scribbled.
The family has already moved out and it is considered that, living in private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, Director for Housing in Cornwall Housing stated that it had concerns about whether the house is going to save.
She said: "For people here, it was a nightmare, and I don&apos;t think that people should live like this.
It should be considered a number of circumstances, because this building will probably be remembered as the "not so nice part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious, and their names are notorious.
A couple has three sons, who sometimes stayed in the house, and police indicated that the reign of terror, which the family had belonged to a street fight, with the use of baseball bats, intimidation of the surrounding population, drug use, drug distribution and loud screaming, fighting and swearing.
Skeldonové (47 ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??), whose name was on the lease, was in June granted punishment for antisocial behaviour.
In several rooms in the house might be demolished, were stinking garbage.
In the house, from where the drugs distributed in the past, had been gutted roofing
Neighbors say they saw them in the street, fighting, and regularly here people called the police
The Cornwall Housing her and her partner violence moved out of the house this week, after having received an additional period of 11 weeks to move out voluntarily.
Neighbors, who was relieved to welcome the eviction, that their lives were a living hell.
One of them said: "They didn&apos;t care at all about anyone".
We lived next to them for 20 years and it&apos;s always been like that.
How many times have we seen the police, can&apos;t even count.
"This morning we couldn&apos;t sleep".
We got up, because here was an incredible silence - we&apos;re not used to that!
It&apos;ll be nice when they&apos;re finally gone.
Adam Fitzpatrick, manager for the sight in the neighborhood of Cornwall Housing, said that the family did not cooperate with the local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, the house was regularly přivolávána police
Garbage and old toys lay scattered around the overgrown part of the communal house
It adds: "It is a shame that the tenant failed to take responsibility for their own behavior and the behavior of your family. The eviction is always up to the last step, which the company Cornwall Housing considers.
It was a very complex case, because their behaviour was extreme and their actions under a witness to its neighbors.
I appreciate all the work done by my team, from Devon and Cornwall police and members of the local community, who bravely informed.
I hope that this step will bring little comfort for neighbours and, at the same time, with the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons tenant, who lived at different times in the house, it was about 20 years old.
Dirty mattresses, which after the eviction was left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house
Workers will now have to remove the piles of garbage, which remained scattered around the house
In 2014 police raided the house and found over 70 grams of cannabis, weights, equipment and £1,700 in cash.
Skeldonová got a ticket when she was found guilty for possession of Class B drugs, which wanted to sell.
It claimed that the money was going to the foundations of the house for her son, Lee Skeldona, who died in a car accident in 2013.
It is considered that, Tanya and her partner after eviction now live in private accommodation in Plymouth.
The walls in many rooms of the house was painted with graffiti.
The police say they will seek the eviction of tenants who break the rules of their lease agreements
Angela Crowe from police Denovu and Cornwall, stated that the eviction was sending a clear message to other tenants who continue to break the rules.
"This is a message to all those who think they can act with impunity, and those who would like to follow that kind of behavior", she said.
Police Denovu and Cornwall will never tolerate a criminal and anti-social behaviour and continues to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal terrified after the military jet flying low over the beach
The tourists, who were enjoying the sun in the Portuguese Aveiro, they were scared to death
The Portuguese Air Force P-3C Orion over the incredibly low
The Air Force said that it was a training exercise, and insisted that there was no risk to safety
At a moment when a low flying jet landed above the crowded beach, engulfed the frightened tourists panic.
The dramatic footage is to see the military plane in the distance, almost to the touch from sunning itself on a sandy beach in the city of Aveiro, Portugal.
The tourists began to rise after the jet engine noise disturbed them, without, to see what emerges from the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon at Costa Nova, near the city of Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of a number of holidaymakers who have released video footage of a dramatic pass on social networks, said: "The plane flew twice really low and at one point it seemed that collapses".
Nuno Arroja adds: "I was surfing and I really thought that my plane fall on your head".
Tourists on the beach in Aveiro were horrified when out of the darkness came a plane flying low
The Portuguese Air Force today claimed that the pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft was on a training flight to identify fishing boat near the coast and had to stand down, because it was the only way to check on the ship.
The plane reportedly flew lower than normal, because of poor visibility caused by the smoke from nearby forest fires. Air Force insists, however, that people&apos;s safety was not compromised.
Forest fires in the summer of this year destroyed part of mainland Portugal and requested four casualties on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force today claimed that the pilot had to fly low due to thick fog and smoke from the fires, which prevented him from seeing
The aircraft was on a training flight and the pilot was asked to identify the fishing boat.
Half of funeral services does not comply with the regulations.
Half of the providers of funeral services does not comply with the legal regulations.
Česká obchodní inspekce (ČOI) found out the checks in the second quarter.
Funeral services at her most often do not inform survivors of its prices or not issue written confirmation of receipt of the order.
ČOI it imposed 41 fines totalling $73,000.
Today informed her spokesman Jiří Fröhlich.
Inspectors found errors in 47 of the 95 controls.
In addition to the failure of prices and the lack of confirmation some funeral services also sold products or provide services at different prices, than was agreed.
In five cases, the products sold were not correctly marked and once the seller used officially unconfirmed measuring instrument.
The inspection therefore banned the sale of 23 products for a total of 7,077 kroner.
It was something to do with packaging on the urn, the candles and vases which were not properly marked the mandatory information.
&quot;Given that, in this specific field services there are still breaking the law, will control the actions to continue in the next quarter of the year,&quot; added Fröhlich.
The London schoolgirl who joined IS, was killed in Syria
It was reported that Kadiza Sultana, one of the three British schoolgirls, which last year went from London to join the IS, had died in Syria.
The solicitor Tasnime Akunjee said that the family about her death in Syria&apos;s Raqqa found out a few weeks ago.
ITV News on Thursday announced that she was probably killed in a Russian air strike in Raqqa, which is a bastion of the group in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, she died just in the moment, when it was preparing to escape from war-torn countries and return to Britain.
"It makes you want to believe, that the only good on the whole thing - as a message and a warning to others that this is the real danger associated with on the way to a war zone - is that it will discourage people from ever getting to the decision they did", said Akunjee.
Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London, in February 2015, took a plane to Turkey, and then on the bus to the border with Syria.
The family Sultana learned that married a fighter in Syria to IS - and within a few months after becoming a widow.
Reid says that, if elected, Clinton will be leaving Garland as a candidate to the Supreme Court.
Democratic Party leader in the Senate Harry Reid says he is convinced that the presidential election for Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton nominates Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court in the event of his election.
The Republicans in the Senate blocked the appointment of Garland, even if President Barack Obama to nominate already in March.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell says that the person who replaces the late Supreme Court judge, will choose the next president.
Reid during a conference call on Thursday, said that he believes that Clinton will choose Garland "with a certain degree of credibility".
Reid&apos;s spokesman later said that Clinton spoke directly about whether the nominated Garland, and that only speculated.
A Garland, and said that team Clinton would choose someone else didn&apos;t want to "rock the boat".
Garland is the Chairman of the Federal Court of Appeal in Washington.
Reid said that republikání, blocking the Garland nomination, who are the "minions" and "stooges" Republican candidate for the presidency of Donald Trump.
He said that Trump is in office.
According to the magazine Treats are naked calendar "for women and for men"
Treats magazine works closely with photographer David Bellemerem of the calendar for the year 2017, inspired by 70 years of the Pirelli calendar.
But instead of celebrities trying to for his calendar 2017 NU muses to find the next generation of top models.
The President Treats Steve Shaw us earlier this year that his magazine full of nudity from the Playboy of the old school is different, because the "Playboy is for men".
I&apos;m doing this for women.
He obviously believes that the calendar too.
"We need to get back to showing the timeless and classic nudity, when both men and women feel comfortable and inspired by photographs of the female body", Shaw said in a press release of the calendar.
Women want to be part of this project, because it&apos;s a beautiful piece of art.
The models may send their pictures online or in person during the open auditions in Los Angeles and New York.
Where is vinyl: who buys vinyl records?
Vinyl love lonely middle-aged men.
Before you decide to comments section to overwhelm NeVšichniOsamělíMužiVeStřednímVěku racy comments under a pseudonym, we note that this statement is based on the actual data.
According to YouGov&apos;s much-discussed resurrection of records associated not with boom mileniálů who want to enjoy the originality of owning a physical object, but nostalgic for the middle-aged.
Those who have recently bought an album on vinyl, are the most likely people aged between 45 and 54 years old.
Young people aged 18-24 are the least likely.
It&apos;s not even really about the accumulation of an enthusiastic fan - it is an emotional dimension: older people who buy vinyl records, you&apos;re more likely to want to keep their feelings (56% versus 53%) and are like ourselves (69% versus 66%).
But YouGov results are true?
If this blog was broadcast as a TV story, followed by my camera, as I&apos;m off to a busy street in Soho, wearing a decent suit and widely gestikuluji. Then I stopped, pulled out his hand and said something to the authoritarian, like: "Let&apos;s look at it".
Let&apos;s look at it.
While the heart of Soho, slowly fading away his charm and magic - the building once occupied by independent sellers, are now filled with hotels, restaurants and canteens, department store and office supplies - a fantastic specialist record shops have left.
I probably would have asked the camera to film for a while. I&apos;ll stand in the vicinity of the various men in these shops and I&apos;ll try to see, what is their age and emotional state of mind.
Stuart (55 ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??), a native of Glasgow, which I watch of Sister Ray (the numbers: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (numbers: eight middle-aged men, one woman about 20) in London in the afternoon meeting, looking at the business, to fill a few hours of time.
I ask him if he&apos;s a collector.
"I think so", he says.
I have about 3 or 4 thousand records.
All those records line the walls of his living room - the picture at the top (a picture sent to me by email, I didn&apos;t follow him all the way home).
This huge amount of albums and singles, is also due to the fact that he can afford it: he can now buy vinyl records, which couldn&apos;t afford when they were originally, and then buys what he sold in his youth, and he didn&apos;t have a dime.
"A lot of what I buy is from the late 60.&apos;s and the early 70. &apos;s. They&apos;re the things that would be issued to me when I was 11 or 12, when I was very small and could not get these", he says.
It agrees that those who buy the records, are probably introverts who like the company ourselves. And adds: "I don&apos;t smoke and don&apos;t drink too much.
This is my sin.
Wez (25) works in Sister Ray and also thinks that many customers, with whom he meets, fits into the profile of YouGov.
He also noticed a new influx of people affected by the media wave. People who heard and felt the comeback is forced to buy his old gramophone records back.
According to my interviews with people in their collections of most often between 1998 and 1999.
Customers who once sold their records and CDs, now sell their CDs to vinyl records they bought back, "he says.
That might explain the boom records lovers of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of records?
It won&apos;t take you more than a few seconds to the store as Phonica found that in stores with the music is nice community of people with a similar bent.
According to Weze are particularly offended by some of the older customers with contactless payments.
Some supporters of records in the digital world may feel overwhelmed and decided for the familiar environment of packaging of records, things that raise memories of the peaceful adolescence.
"I think that filling a gap or owning something tangible may bring some comfort", says Wez.
I&apos;m a collector, for me, it&apos;s so, and I think a lot of people too.
It&apos;s an easy way to fill the space in my head.
"We all like their social workers!" the co-worker from piles of vinyl records.
ICM survey in April found that nearly 50% of people who bought a vinyl album a month early, it still disobeyed.
According to the survey 41% of respondents record player, who never used, while 7% of those who buy their records, record player.
At this point, the story was probably looked really worried when browsing stacks compilací bossa nova.
The "trophies" and the recovery of interest is something I noticed Jonny (42 ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??), which works in the Sounds of the Universe (number: three middle-aged men).
"Someone just came in and said:" I don&apos;t have a record player, but I want to buy on Radiohead, we could put it on the shelf, "" he says.
The percentage of such is not large, but there is to it.
It is more about product page than the music.
He comes to us people who say: &apos;I don&apos;t have a record player. "
It&apos;s the younger people, not older ones, more than teenagers, who are getting it.
Fopp, which is currently almost all of one floor reserved gramophone records, on my way in a much more diverse visitors.
There are pairs of ??-year-olds there too, the tourists what they do pictures, teenagers and women in middle age.
While the atmosphere is not so loose, as stores previously - the speakers instead of tahavého jazz echoes the latest pop from Wild Beasts of synthesizers and sex, it&apos;s good to see different customers.
None of them look particularly haunting mental trauma alone, but hard to guess when you&apos;re standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora (27) for a few minutes in Fopp is looking at all the different records on sale.
It&apos;s one of those who&apos;d rather look at expenses, rather than feverishly spend.
According to his words isn&apos;t much of an earner, so out of the question that the records collected.
It costs a lot of money.
It&apos;s easy to listen to music on a computer or whatever. But records have their magic..., "sighs wistfully.
I can&apos;t explain it - it&apos;s unique.
My last stop is trade, which reportedly inspired a new generation of vinyl records: Urban Outfitters.
I&apos;ll pretend that I&apos;m very biased calves girls in tight jeans and a group of teenage girls who just Polaroid cameras crowding around. Then the father and daughter Crosley record player purchasing decisions.
On the left is the staircase, whose wall covering records Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mixture of contemporary and classical music, the basis of any average collection of records.
Nobody looks at it - perhaps because they are just for decoration, and some are so high on the wall, that they can&apos;t achieve.
It&apos;s purely a "vinyl trick".
But because any attraction to him could mean more money for the industry and send a few customers into Soho for another, there&apos;s not much to complain about.
It is no surprise that the demographic area, where it is more likely to be more time and money than in other areas, is also the one where most spend on luxury goods, such as vinyl certainly is.
But while according to my findings, it appears that the results of the YouGov poll are accurate - at least in record shops, do not take into account the large amount of sběratelek and vinyl lovers, who are, in fact, record stores and in online forums.
These people probably work hard in schools or in offices.
He doesn&apos;t spend Thursday morning wandering around the shops with record on Berwick Street, browse through the records and avoiding looking at the strange, a ??-year-old television presenter, who hides behind unsuspecting middle-aged men.
The Greenland shark is the longest-living vertebrate - videoreportáž
According to the scientists is the Greenland shark, the longest life expectancy of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies the sharks, says the footage shows a female, whose age is estimated between 272 and 512 years and measured five feet
The court in France refused to tear down the shops in a refugee camp the Jungle
The court dismissed the order of authorities in France in Calais the demolition of dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp, home to thousands of refugees.
During the court session this week, the authorities in Calais have argued that the state should be able to cancel a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp are selling goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offering the haircut, in makeshift restaurants sell tea for 50 cents or basic meals for a few euros.
The prefect&apos;s office in Calais, it argued that the place should be torn down, because they represent a parallel economy which does not pay taxes, and because the risk of fire and health risks.
Humanitarian organisations in court indicated that the shops and restaurants are vital and that the food for free, which is offering supported by associations and other groups, do not provide supplemental food for the growing numbers of refugees in the camp.
The makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to people in need.
The court in Lille ruled that there is no legal basis that would prevent people 72 makeshift shops operate, but indicated that the objections to the prefect of Calais are "entirely understandable".
Judge Jean-François Molla said that food outlets, cafes and restaurants have a much bigger role than just food to the people who "are living in extremely dire circumstances".
He said that premises provide quiet places to refugees and volunteers.
One of the sites, which threatened to demolition, was a coffee shop in the camp, the Jungle Book Kids, run by a non-profit organisation which provides 200 meals a day, hours of English and French and asylum advice for hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
Petition to protect "children&apos;s" coffee shop has signed more than 170 000 people.
The Guardian received a letter, which would close the cafe "was a disaster for these children, some of them even just 8 years old".
The charity Help Refugess and L&apos;Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that the numbers of refugees in the camp after a steep rise in arrivals over the summer have risen to more than 9 000 - which is still by far the greatest of all time.
He thought he was dead.
Ulč resurrecting himself and volleyball Ústí.
&quot;Since March, I have normal practice,&quot; he said at the start of the summer training in full force.
What were you?
I had bilateral pulmonary embolism, then because of heart problems.
Because when I was in univerziádě in Korea, I didn&apos;t know that I have some problems with your blood.
So the trouble has caused a long flight to Asia?
Two years ago I had a clot in his calf and I didn&apos;t know about it.
I was hurt, I didn&apos;t find anything.
Then the clot moved up.
The calf is a damaged vein, that will hurt all the time, especially when the work or the weather changes.
But nothing to me limited, more aesthetic thing.
You were afraid for your life?
He had.
Last year, on the summer tournament in Dřevěnicích, I didn&apos;t know that I have an embolism, and I could not move.
I was throwing up blood.
The doctors told me that it is something else entirely, I was still five days wasted.
I really in Dřevěnicích thought I was dead, and my girlfriend and family.
I&apos;ve seen somewhere else.
How did you deal with that reality?
I think I had to go through it, now it&apos;s only going up.
I know that I have some problems with your blood, that I have to watch more when I go somewhere.
But can it do it all.
Just when I wanted to get back into training last year Příbrami, there were still problems with your heart.
It&apos;s all good.
Since March, I was preparing the jacks alone at home, to be able to play again.
I knock it, physically I&apos;m better off than before.
What do you expect from the mouth?
I look forward to a bunch of looks good, most guys I know.
I&apos;m curious on two other foreigners who arrive.
Perhaps sit down human to make it all fit.
Lift your mouth?
The reputation of bête noire, but every season is different.
Brno, two years ago, was eighth, now over the other.
V Ústí is a new team, there were only a few players.
It was last in the majors, so it&apos;s a big room for improvement.
How we use him, it is up to us.
We&apos;ll see after the first rounds, who will be the loser, we don&apos;t.
It is a guarantee of success coach Brom?
It&apos;s a skilled and experienced a lot, to be better than the last place.
But my arrival with his unrelated, I got off early.
There were other coaches, with a great friend, and it has been agreed that there will be active.
Name calling won&apos;t.
Finally, Mr. Brom and I&apos;m glad.
He&apos;s a big name, he was in good clubs, coaches a lot of decades, is a former a good player.
Moves us up.
What bring you?
This team will fight, which is my position.
I just like to fight, I like to play off them, and I like to get the opportunity in not as a top-level team.
Two years I was v Příbrami, Ústí is a greater challenge than to be right in the sixth team, because it starts from the bottom.
You mentioned foreigners, in humanistic Australian coaches anymore.
What does it look like?
I happen to know, univerziádě we played against each other in the group.
And there&apos;s a couple of times we were talking to each other, sometimes we sat together in the evening after the games, so we know each other, even friendly.
We beat them 3: 1, I&apos;ll be right to start his summer training in Ústí poured.
My Slovak girlfriend, is a charmer.
He gets an American Nadazdin and Brazilian Ze.
Do you know anything about them?
With an American what I wrote, he seems like a nice guy, the Brazilian, who knows how it will be able to speak English.
Are you an American?
It seemed like a good idea.
I&apos;m recorder, that is, the one who is, so should all communicate.
I&apos;ll be right out, what a player, I found on the internet, how he plays, I&apos;ve seen some videos.
He seemed pretty cool, a boy jumps, tall is.
On Facebook we wrote a few reports, he seemed like a funny, down to us.
How do you look forward to position nahrávačské ones?
I didn&apos;t bring anything else.
After all, I&apos;m ?? and I don&apos;t have the nature to take turns.
I&apos;d rather be in the middle of it, I&apos;d rather the team I lead, led him to someone else.
I guess I didn&apos;t want to play, if I had to be like a second recorder and pursue it full time. When it does, it sucks.
How many times have you been one?
Half v Příbrami, if it wasn&apos;t Kustovi as captain, he got hurt, then the problems were with the money and he left.
Since then, we climbed up and I played all the time.
In Brno, which I was, I bounced around between one and two.
Excellent year was in the Old City, after I&apos;ve had a lot of offers and picked Příbram.
From there, they wanted me, I stayed, but the season was because of the embolism.
Now it&apos;s a new beginning.
Baby number 22.
Short polohovka remains Phelps domain.
&quot;Being back on the podium and hear the national anthem is sweet as ever,&quot; laughed Phelps and yet again my eyes filled with tears.
His fiancee and mother once again cheered in the stands, son Boomer this time peacefully sleeping with headphones on.
I&apos;m having an incredible career at the end of the week.
It&apos;s crazy - 20 years ago I started swimming team, and in a few hours it will be over, he said, touched.
In the finals, Phelps by almost two seconds short silver Japanese Kousuke Hagino, who won a long polohovku.
Bronze has acquired Chinese Wang Šun, bronze medalist in this event from last year&apos;s World Cup.
After Alu Oerterovi (disk) and Carl Lewis (distance) is Michael Phelps third athlete, who controlled the same discipline on four games in a row.
For most of the race with Phelps held the lead in another American Ryan Lochte and domestic Thiago technical.
While the defender of gold in the final stretch to a landslide on kraulařské fifty, they were outside the medal positions.
The American superhero will be in Rio, at least one chance to extend their unique medal collection.
Shortly after the ceremonial polohovky advanced to the final of the 100 metres butterfly.
The legend could not overshadow or compatriot Ryan Murphy, who won for the backstroke double - after the ??? won in Rio and double track.
In the end he left behind about 37 hundredths Australian swimmer Mitchell Larkin, third over Russian Evgeny Rylov.
As of last year&apos;s World Cup has Murphy just fifth place from the twenties, in Rio became znakařským king.
From an imaginary throne down Larkin, who managed the same double at last year&apos;s world championship.
At the Olympics but got the medal just now.
On kraulařské hundred the gold share Canadian Penny Oleksiaková and American Simone Manuelová.
For ??-year-old Oleksiakovou was the fourth medal at these Games, for the relay from second after silver Manuelovou.
Samoan baby received the OH as the first African-American in the history of the world.
I believe that I can be an inspiration to others.
This medal is for all who will come after me, sport will become for them with love and get to where I am, she said impressed Manuelová.
The third was Swedish Sarah Sjöströmová, who in Rio won the world record in the 100 metre butterfly and still has a silver from kraulařské twenties.
When the sixth over the world-record holder Australian Cate Campbell.
Prsařskou cast won the Japanese Rie Kanetová, for which this is the first Olympic medal in ?? years.
He has no valuable metal from the World Cup, its peak was fourth in this event in 2013.
The second silver in Rio, Russia&apos;s Yuliya Jefimovová received, which is due to launch on the Olympics despite the doping past is faced with the opposite and the audience hostility.
I once made a big mistake.
But I won in court, and I don&apos;t know why I should to those questions still to answer.
I&apos;m so tired, she said the Russian swimmer.
The right start in Rio, enforce at the special panel sports arbitrage CAS just before the start of the games.
They were my appeal, and I won.
If anyone likes it or not, or if he has a different opinion, whether recourse to arbitration court, she added.
Herman: Disappointment, we could win.
And start at midnight?
I don&apos;t remember.
Czech women have experienced a strange day.
It was less than an hour before the game, against whom they know will succeed.
They had quickly handle tactical preparation.
And then, in a non-traditional time, began the game on a small court number 1.
The first set started well, then made a head start against, but in the 19: 19 failed the extension.
In the second, they were clearly better and equal, but the decisive tie-breaker them didn&apos;t work.
First of many broken service meant losing 10: 15, and parting with the Olympic tournament.
&quot;We could have beat the Russians,&quot; said Hermann.
How would you evaluate the game?
Herman: After a disastrous start, before I played, so we really got into the game.
In the last of the balloon flew me to income, on which I have used before.
We lost that set, which was key.
In another set of them entered with an overview on the field, another defence and we pushed on the service.
In the tie-breaker was very corrupt administration, we&apos;ve had on this site.
It was disappointing, because we could beat the Russians.
Sluková: Too bad the start of the first set, we just missed it.
We did it to withdraw, but the points we were missing.
The second set was great and the third rule.
We made too many mistakes.
They have granted them five points and of those five was it, we were there a lot of hesitated.
It&apos;s a shame, because the Russians have been playing.
How have you played on a small court number 1?
Sluková: Similar as in China on the side yards.
The environment and atmosphere were different.
It was one o&apos;clock in the night, complete silence, music played, nothing.
That was the difference compared to the center.
Such conditions we have not chosen, but we can&apos;t pick and choose.
What was the preparation for the game, when you see the names against an hour before the game?
Herman: It was strange.
We started warming up for the game without knowing protihráčky, so we could not do tactical preparation as the other teams.
But Simon (coach Nausch), set up the tactics almost all the possibilities that were there.
He had prepared a lot of paperwork with the tactics, so after this site we were pretty well prepared.
Do you ever started the game at midnight?
Herman: I guess not.
We played ??: ??, but at ?? no.
Block Russian Birlovové in předkole playoffs on OH in Rio.
Beach volleyball Markéta Sluková and Barbara Herman in an embrace in the playoffs předkole OH in Rio.
Was it awful?
Sluková: By that we played the last two games in the group from ten, so we should scheme shifted before.
This was still about two hours more.
It&apos;s funny, I can&apos;t imagine any other sport&apos;s athletes, who have given their best performance in ?? hours.
But I think we have prepared as best as we could.
We knew it would be, but entirely typical it&apos;s not and I don&apos;t think it&apos;s my favorite time to play.
How do you assess the Olympic experience?
Herman: Since the procedure from our goal, that is, on the one hand, okay, good.
We did what we said.
But now, after the game, I&apos;m sad.
Sluková: I&apos;m gonna sleep and from tomorrow I&apos;ll be on the Olympic tournament is not positive.
Big brother is here, comes the first šmírovací SIM.
You cant escape her.
The new rules are to apply to all persons without a Thai passport, while in Thailand decide to get a SIM from one of the local operators.
I mean not only to tourists, but also to persons with long term visas, which in Thailand, for example, work or there not entered into a marriage.
The Secretary General of the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission Takorn Tantasith is informed that there will be no exceptions.
The sale of SIM intended exclusively to foreigners to meet national telecommunications regulator in early August.
The new measure, which will allow monitoring of their position, the authorities intend to implement within six months.
According to Tantasitha regards the means to maintain national security, which will allow to solve crimes committed just strangers.
The so-called tourist SIM also have to help detect and persons, which exceed the authorised length of stay.
For sellers would be in six months to a year should be side by side with SIM solely Thajcům also occur a special SIM for foreigners.
Odlišností will just function monitoring, which will be in the cards for persons without a Thai passport permanently on.
Is it possible to turn off.
&quot;This function in SIM for Thai is not, because you can always easily monitored,&quot; added Tantasith.
It should be added that, in Thailand are not předplacenky anonymous as in the Czech Republic.
The seller requires proof of identity.
On the other hand, for years one of the operators was handing out free starter SIM to tourists at airports.
You were fully anonymous.
The introduction of the same measures as Thailand is considering even ten telecommunications regulators from other Asian countries, including, for example, Malaysia or Singapore.
Even in them are currently paying a mandatory registration of SIM, but legal use of the tracking system is not possible.
The forthcoming measures does not mean for foreigners to get a local SIM when entering the country.
They can of course use roaming services with their own home SIM, in such a case, the Thai authorities will be short.
Operators of the country after the crossing of the border, after the SIM to their network, they know only the relevant network information.
They know the phone number, but not information about the owner.
However, the difference of roaming prices compared to the rates of local operators is so great that even the majority of tourists during your stay in Thailand will begin looking for local SIM.
The authorities have to monitor the movement of foreigners by foreigners living in Thailand legally received immediate criticism.
Tantasith calms the situation with regard to the protection of privacy and the forthcoming system compares to the obligation to provide a residential address in immigration documents.
Police will also be monitoring in case of need specific persons need a court order.
For any misuse of the system would face an unspecified punishment.
&quot;If the service provider to monitor the location of SIM without a court order, will be charged with a criminal offence,&quot; he added Tantasith.
The system should also maximise the use of prepaid cards.
While currently the recycling of the specific numbers until after the expiry of the 90-day period, after which the SIM forward to the network, so the newly could occur in the event of abandonment, in Thailand to restore numbers already after ?? days.
Luxusní byt v novostavbě na Vinohradech has a pool and a hot tub on the terrace.
Why did you choose new flat?
We were looking for a carefree apartment, where most of the care of the property with the administrator.
The condition was a sufficient number of parking spaces and the elevator in the house, which essentially disqualify earlier installation.
Not to mention the problematic acoustics in old houses, problems with the floor, high energy performance and the like.
The condition was also a large terrace, which old buildings is not able to offer.
Another interesting visitors find in the magazine Modern apartment.
The whole interior decorator Lenka Langer suggested for you with my colleague Camilla Polákovou Artiga from the studio.
Why have you asked them?
Would you recommend cooperation with everyone?
Cooperation with the architect should be recommended to everyone, if the proposed apartment from the start, it is a very complex technical process.
The second plane design itself is the interior: designers, have a far better idea of the scale of possible materials and on the basis of the client, they are able to reconcile appropriately the interior.
With architect Lenka Langerovou worked with you on our mountain apartment, then based on the personal recommendation of another client, and, given that it all worked well, was the obvious choice for us in the reconstruction of our new apartment in Vinohrady.
What were your practical and aesthetic requirements?
We wished we were generous společensko-obytný space with adequate facilities for a family of four as a modern, but not cold interior.
The priority was to achieve interconnection apartment with terraces and implement smart household.
And of course it was necessary to keep the quality of implementation.
You left it to the professionals, you interfere with the final shape of the interior?
All applications, including technical drawings and samples of the material we approve the proposal, however, always came from architects.
In the beginning, we have set ourselves, what we expect out of design, and showed some elements of the interior, which we would like to include in the proposal, for example, carpets or paintings.
I think that&apos;s our collection of mostly českých autorů comprising of Karl Malich, Charles I... dried, Václava Špály or designer Otto Gutfreund helped orient our taste.
Also the combination of black, white, and walnut was the idea of the architect as well as individual pieces of furniture, walls, floor, lighting, rugs, textiles, art, etc., whether all of the above matches, we jointly verify using visualisation.
There have been some complications in the implementation, for which you had to give up the original ideas or, on the contrary, to concede to the new?
Perhaps only in the initial stage of the project, when we arrived at the building at the time, when was the first time possible to climb to the height of our floor, and discovered that the projections that we planned, in fact blocking the surrounding buildings.
That&apos;s when we disposition overnight, fundamentally changed.
On the kitchen counter and lining the walls was used granite.
The interior of the then prevailing wooden surfaces with leather upholstery, for example, restaurant and bar stools Norma from Arperu.
How would you describe the interior?
Are there any changes or is something that you would otherwise have wanted today?
As I see it, it&apos;s a modern, airy interior, which mainly serve their purpose.
The changes we are not going, most of the adjustment after moving in, took place in the plane of the shielding and the home terraces.
Perhaps the only complaint is on the floor, when our walnut wood shows as too delicate to households with a dog.
The word architektek, Ing. arch. Lenka Langer and MgA. Kamila Hornychová, author of realisation.
The apartment is on the top floor of the new building, because it was possible to carry out in connection with the construction of a completely new disposal solutions and a few other adjustments.
The interior is an important element of the location of the light-guide into the ceiling of the corridor and the main bathroom.
That we got daily light into the darker area apartment.
Also direct access from the main bathroom on the roof terrace to the pool from USSPA is one of the building works, which was very valuable for the function of the whole apartment.
There is also a pool and a hot tub.
In comparison with the French the negative you&apos;re not, says a Muslim living in Prague.
You come from France.
Where&apos;d you live before you moved to Prague?
My parents are originally from Algeria.
I was born in the south of France, near the Spanish border.
Pretty much I moved.
I lived in Toulouse, Lyon and Marseille.
In France I&apos;m in journalism, which I then got to work in a magazine.
Then why have you decided to move out of the country?
I was starting to feel like that in France.
I just didn&apos;t want to live.
Just because the atmosphere among the people.
It came to me that every French so negative.
People in France are generally negative sentiment, but the last time it got worse.
It&apos;s interesting that you mention just negativity.
Some people actually like that assesses the Czech nature.
Believe me, compared to the French negative aren&apos;t you.
For some people, it may not be so, when they come to France, because it&apos;s not so much as tourists.
But for me, it was too much.
The big issue is the money.
People have the feeling that they have little money, while the minimum wage in France is €?,???, which I think is enough.
Now there is also a problem with the behaviour of people against Muslims.
That, to me, is totally incomprehensible.
For example, in the street, in which I lived, to me the neighbor started to look through my fingers because I&apos;m Muslim.
As if I were some sort of evil.
That&apos;s why I&apos;m in France didn&apos;t feel well.
My family there but stayed.
So you decided to go to another country.
Why did you choose the Czech Republic?
I was looking for a job, basically anywhere else, and I found a vacancy at Air France here in Prague.
I confess that I didn&apos;t know at the beginning of the Prague at all.
The Czech Republic I knew something, daddy told me about what happened in Czechoslovakia, but even I didn&apos;t know what to expect from Prague.
Now I&apos;ve been here three years and I can&apos;t imagine that I didn&apos;t live here.
It was a big difference when you moved from France to Prague?
Just because of a completely different atmosphere.
Maybe it&apos;s that I don&apos;t speak English, so I can&apos;t pick up any negative reaction or abuse, but I have a feeling that there are people more free.
That I can do anything, to dress in any way and no one will judge me.
In France you always get uncomfortable watching, when you have a special clothing and the like.
In Prague, I started to feel really free.
Pražané se don&apos;t care about such things to me.
Where do you work now?
After employment in Air France when I worked for a travel Web site.
Then we&apos;re even, with one friend started a website, on which people offer and are looking for shared housing.
So far we only in Prague, but we want it to extend to the whole of Central Europe.
You&apos;re in Prague, a Czech friends?
I have two very close friends who are Czechs half, and two more friends Czech.
I have to say, another concern is that the Czechs had more.
They won&apos;t let anyone get so close.
That&apos;s quite different from where I grew up.
To the south, all hugs and kisses on the cheek.
Here, it&apos;s different, but I understand that it&apos;s a cultural thing, so I&apos;m trying to adapt.
You mentioned that you do not speak English.
It&apos;s for you, the language barrier problem?
Rather have it in Prague pretty easy, because everyone here speaks English.
Even at convenience stores or in food.
I&apos;d like to learn English, but I don&apos;t have much time.
And that, that everyone can at least communicate in English, don&apos;t have such a need to learn the language quickly.
And every time I have a problem, it&apos;s with someone who can help me.
Did you meet with some negative reactions?
Maybe because you&apos;re a Muslim?
In fact, no.
Maybe it&apos;s also that I work in an international environment, which is more tolerant.
One experience I can think of.
My manager, Češka, told me once about the French football team and she said something along the lines of: It&apos;s not French, but Africans.
Well, I&apos;m a little offended.
But that should anyone have a problem with that, I&apos;m a Muslim, it&apos;s never happened to me before.
And that, despite the fact that my colleague once said to some anti-Muslim demonstrations.
He told me not to go to the centre, I will be there.
Protimuslimské demonstration in part related to the terrorist attacks.
What do you think of the current situation?
Are you afraid something like that was going to be like in Paris, Nice or Brussels can also be in Prague?
In Prague, I feel safe.
But the problem is that in this day and age anything can happen anywhere.
Until recently I couldn&apos;t imagine that would be something like that happened in France.
And it&apos;s not just the Muslims.
Moreover, Islam does not recognise any violence.
For me, people who kill, are not Muslims.
The Koran says that person has no right to kill, because there is no God.
How do you feel about it when the terrorists steel your faith?
It&apos;s very hard.
I feel shame and guilt, even though I didn&apos;t feel it at all.
I try not to watch too much violence on the news, but every time I read something, I felt the need to apologize for something that is not really my fault.
I&apos;m a different person, so why should I apologize for terrorists?
We are gathered in the town square Jiřího z Poděbrad.
On Wednesday, the Czech Muslims along with Christians demonstrated against violence.
Have you notice that?
I didn&apos;t know that.
But as I understand it, these people feel the need to prove that it does not agree with violence.
I don&apos;t think that would be something they had to do.
Why should they feel guilty for something they did not cause?
Do you meet in Prague, as well as to other Muslims?
My colleagues are from, for example, Egypt and other Muslim countries.
They are a little bit more religious than I am, so we&apos;ve got some pretty fierce debate about Islam, because we see him a little differently.
I come from France, so I&apos;ve been through different training, they should be taught Islam in school.
We have different approaches, but respect each other.
People sometimes associate Islam with subordinate status of women.
How do you feel about that?
I don&apos;t feel for the underdog in any case.
Rather the opposite.
I&apos;m a woman, I have the strength.
It has to do with the fact that you don&apos;t wear any head covering.
For example, the hijab?
And sign on it especially the way I was raised.
My mother, for example, is really principled Muslim.
They pray five times a day, but just don&apos;t wear a headscarf.
You always taught me that religion is a purely personal thing.
It is up to each, how it interprets.
When one reads the Koran, he should be on the stuff you make up your own mind.
So when I read a passage in the Koran that says that God said the Prophet, to hide his wife in front of the other, and I said: I&apos;m not The Prophet&apos;s wife, so why should I hide?
On the other hand, I respect that, and if the journey to Iran or Saudi Arabia, where headscarves require, so I&apos;ll take it.
Are you planning to stay in Prague?
So far, yes.
Nowhere else I didn&apos;t feel so good.
For a moment I thought about Poland, but in Prague, I&apos;m great.
Even I can imagine, too, that I was raising my own children.
Prague is the ideal city to me for it.
Čeští Muslims along with Christians demonstrated against violence.
Jachtařku Kozelskou Fenclovou wind gusted in Rio on the grant.
Friday&apos;s journey at sea in Brazil&apos;s Rio de jachtařce Czech out Gay spritely Veronica Kozelské Fenclové.
In class Laser Radial moved before the final two rozjížďkami to tenth place.
That would ensure Češce participation in the final run.
Packages collectibles like Pokémon.
They want to compete with airlines.
The idea to use the already scheduled routes for the transport of consignments is a television director Matthew Fox and manager of Prague&apos;s music club Marek Greger.
With the idea of life three applications with different geographical reach.
National application I&apos;m escorting we launched in May.
At the moment it&apos;s recorded a thousand cities and we continue to expand the network.
In the Czech Republic it first, we want to learn, than to more focus on abroad, says in an interview for iDNES.cz, years old manager.
As the app I&apos;m escorting works and who it would benefit?
You drop it and free you sign up.
Then you can specify the route and how much money you can get and how much you want for it.
Someone back in the day to demand the transfer.
When he meets the route and time of service, paired with it and both come mutual notification.
In that moment to open a chat room, where the pair set up the transfer.
How many people would you estimate had to register, so that every package always found his courier?
The ideal situation I don&apos;t know, I can&apos;t guess how many are registered and how many journeys is needed to cover entirely optimal, and each menu paired up with demand.
The main moves it&apos;s working and it&apos;s logically easier than to be on the road between the villages.
The more people, the greater the potential speed and accuracy.
People build confidence yet either, and find that no one escapes with the package.
So far you have not had to deal with a case like this?
How many users is the service two months after launch?
Right now we have about 5 to 6 thousand people who create way.
We consider that success, and we believe they will flirt with another one.
There&apos;s no way that will be chargeable to the consignor wait too long?
We hope that we will be in competition for large conglomerates just for this reason that we are able to deliver the item must be on the same day and at a fraction of the price.
For large companies to pay for the service of up to two hours for several thousand.
There will be a hundred or less, because that&apos;s the way it&apos;s anyone&apos;s business.
They should be the traditional carriers in the future worry about potential loss of customers?
We hope that it will be so.
The market has huge potential, feeds a huge transnational carriers, as well as the commercial chain, where everyone started shopping, and gradually found that quality does not correspond to what they pay for.
No one wants to find a note in my mailbox with a message that you have to pick up the package at a branch, and the day it first after 19.
By that time I had a package for six hours needed and waited at home, because it was important.
We want better, faster, and functional service that there will be no one to upset and will send a signal to try and compete.
Marek Greger (41 ? ? ? ? ? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??) and Matthew Fox (39 ? ? ? ? ? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??).
Neither one ever not in the field of information technology.
Marek Greger works as the manager of a music club, Matthew Fox as a television director.
In 2014, they started to prepare the application Shippansee LTD, which is used to transport packages already scheduled journey between global cities, especially on a plane.
In 2015, the specified project processing company, which created the application, or the need for MALL.cz Jobs.cz ČSFD.
Programming took three quarters of the year and the administration have placed on the market in March 2016.
An app I&apos;m escorting started in December last year and started this year in May.
This is a local version of Shippansee adjusted for the Czech market.
The application and Mesíkem Mesíkem Profi develop since January this year and made available to users at the end of July 2016.
The intention from the start was to make all of these applications, which one day may merge in one.
In the Czech Republic want to refine the app and then in cooperation with a strong investor focus more on the global market.
The economy is the issue and this is a service type of Airbnb or Uber.
You have concerns about activity in the area, of which no one yet so can&apos;t say where the line is, and where the sharing economy?
It&apos;s the same, just a different product.
It is clear to us that if it&apos;s a success, and we&apos;ll get this up, we&apos;ll be another thorn in through the grey economy.
But even if someone saves and someone makes, is not intended to circumvent the financial authorities and tax controls.
Each user, whether on one side or the other, will be encouraged to danil their income revenue out of it, if you will.
What makes you think service has such great potential?
The sender převozce and save money, and reduce costs for the trip.
That&apos;s the powerful idea that connects the interest on both sides.
In the age of social networks, which divide people, we want to make this, on the other hand, was.
They may be nice stories, people are happy to help someone and they&apos;ll tell you all about it.
Maybe someone gets forgotten glasses, keys or pills.
People in my personal approach is missing for a long time, about this app, we say that it is a service people to the people.
How do you guarantee that a courier with a package neprchne?
Each user applications, together with the registration by scanning the ID card and banking, payment or credit card.
These are channels that give the service i man credibility.
Couriers also collect stars on the basis of an assessment of the senders.
We offer the insurance details even match.
For insured package in the case of loss of or damage to the courier, but does not assume liability under criminal law, responsibility for the content, if it&apos;s in something illegal, and I don&apos;t know about it.
If the police stop him and finds in the sealed package in his trunk gun or ten pounds of hashish, criminal liability on the sender.
No danger of misuse of the sensitive data from the database?
Registered participants are dohledatelní if necessary, by an administrative authority, which alone will be able to see it, even we ourselves are able to see them, data are protected against misuse.
How much money gets after the successful delivery of the consignment into the hand of the courier?
The courier determines the price and gets the whole of the amount you say.
Odesilateli to charge a few percent extra for mediation.
This money is our profit, but it&apos;s only a couple of percent, because we want to push volume.
Courier too no one can accuse you of the consignment, if it is actually delivered, taken over the service is checked using QR codes.
Are there any restrictions?
Whether in relation to size or content of the package?
Move, you can do anything.
We have three size, a little like a cube of butter, high school as a carton of eggs and a case of beer.
There is no further restrictions and if someone instead of in the car, take them to the fridge.
Plus the app is possible for the sender to package a picture, so a courier sees what he wants it to.
Case you don&apos;t even have to pick up, if you don&apos;t want to hide the contents.
A missed sweatshirt stick courier to hand and that&apos;s it.
Who came up with the idea and how long did it take to start the service?
A friend had an idea more than two years ago, when I paid it much attention.
Then he showed me a demo application Transnational, which targets mainly on the passenger plane.
In that moment, I told him that I don&apos;t look for the investor, but I would like and give the savings.
Next year, insisted the development, than we are about the whole product Further strengthening more founded in London firm Shippansee LTD.
This isn&apos;t the version, which is now mainly focus.
No, marketing, we focus on the Czech Republic, where we&apos;re trying to use dovychytat, because the whole thing was in labor and it&apos;s still what to address and improve.
We&apos;re trying to respond to feedback from customers and foreign market currently so much anymore.
We know it&apos;s a long shot, but no rush, we want to create a really good product for people.
Shippansee LTD was basic and most expensive application, another two were kind of upgrade.
I&apos;m escorting was created when we said that the segment could be far more interesting and that&apos;s in the Czech Republic at least we will learn.
The third application Mesíkem is local, for the city.
He can send a package to the exact address, but also on the other side of the world.
It works for the sender as I&apos;m escorting, but the difference is that you can see in her as a courier consignments in the form of points on the map that are closest to you, thanks geolokátoru in cell phone.
The application for couriers, who do they want to live, we have named Mesíkem Teach.
So can anyone really make some extra cash by the city to pick up packages?
Exactly, the last app he downloaded in Prague to be a taxi driver, a student, a mother for parental leave, someone who wants to make the journey to work.
How stupid everyone now with the Pokémon, so that they can pick up the same way.
You see, where in the city are contracts, comes to clicks and sees, when it must be delivered and delivery across.
It&apos;s cheaper than competing services.
At the moment, we&apos;re doing a web interface, which will be crucial for firms to send mail, on the Web site of the complete data, or create the points on the map.
We are then able to use their services should be monthly invoice.
Project is now devoting full time?
Vytěžuje us, but we got it in normal jobs, so we can support and develop the project.
Hides not behind us strong transnational investor, we have two boys, one of which was a brilliant idea and the other to the side with other initiatives and ideas.
Now we&apos;re looking for an investor is sufficiently strong to handle it with us not Czech market, but who should conduct with balls to go with us into the global product and become the next great player in the market such as Airbnb and Uber.
Příběhová part of Titanfall 2 has to generate almost a forgotten variety.
That will the second and a solo game in it, according to the first information more diverse than in Call of Duty.
The length would be around the standard eight hours and the filling is based on the concept of network rivalry in the first episode.
Nor, therefore, can be on freedom of movement, which, besides running also includes the possibility to use martial colossus.
In addition to the extra passages of action game will contain levels of focusing just on the subtle movement.
They&apos;ll remind plošinovky and include puzzles.
To overcome them are therefore crucial for example double jumps, running on the walls and a rope slide.
Sometimes, however, it will be necessary to dispose of his enemies.
Miss no map of the maze and level with special concepts.
In one example, it will be possible to lift and slide the platform and closed the heavy door.
Modify so you will take the form of a battlefield.
The pace of the game would be supposed to oscillate between a violent actions and calmer moments for exploring an unknown planet.
Play will be a pawn for a Jack Cooper a dreaming about becoming a pilot.
Cooper at the start of the campaign, together with Captain Lastimosou fail on an alien planet Typhon, inhabited by enemy soldiers.
And lenient to him not the wilderness.
In addition, Lastimosa crash the fatal wounds, and Cooper because he gets to get the captain&apos;s colossus.
His dream of a career as a pilot to come true sooner than he had expected.
The first step but will steal the batteries needed for the robot&apos;s correction.
Major Cooper calls will also be with the titan.
Players will serve as a source of information about the man&apos;s past, but at the same time robotics will create communications odosobněnou humorous moments.
For example, when titanium will be dry and all the injuries, which Cooper is at planned jump shots.
The first information about the campaign in Titanfall 2 brought the site Polygon.
Moreover, the outcome will be assessed in two months and Bonusweb Gamescomu after you will bring the first impressions of the network games.
Titanfall 2 is based on 28 October, and it for PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Make life, the original publisher THQ remains dead.
The Swedish company Nordic changes name to THQ Nordic.
After the collapse of publisher THQ, in 2013, won a number of its brands and the right to use the logo and the name of a company.
Nordic because, for example, issued a Darksiders 2 Deathnitive Edition or package Red Faction Collection.
For publishers, the next 23 games, and 13 of them had not yet firm.
Thirty years ago, when I left to retire, his wife, after ?? years of marriage, found about twenty years younger man, our neighbor.
I knew it from the beginning - first for him obviously trying for a long time, then got together.
He&apos;s such a big guy, about her type, because with a similar dated even before me.
Absolutely strapping man.
In those first days, she even had a voice, a girl&apos;s in love with the voice.
But when I told her that I know what&apos;s going on, then deny it.
I watched it all.
He then went from work regularly at ?: ?? in the fourth, and she always left the three on the purchase.
Every day, trying to make him at least.
Later I found out that they meet in his house, in the laundry room.
How many times have I knew that&apos;s where they are.
I&apos;ve got the keys, his mind was made up, there&apos;s a catch.
But I don&apos;t know why, in the end I always stayed at home.
I&apos;ve never failed to go, do the decisive step.
Maybe you&apos;ll laugh at me, but I believe that my wife was controlling his mind.
Soon, I found out that I was manipulated, that I&apos;m going to do what she wants.
And I really did.
Maybe I&apos;m just such a wimp.
The neighbor when I suggested he knows that as well.
I was such a jerk that I never asked them what to do.
I was afraid that if it all collapsed, so that will be bad.
That&apos;s in the family, all the hits, something her only daughter.
So I&apos;m always put off, on and on and on.
One day I followed him to the apartment that I needed something in the laundry room.
He went there with me, and I told him that I received an anonymous tip that he was seeing my wife and it&apos;s the most obvious thing.
I asked him what he has to say for himself.
He stood there, shrugged, looking into the ground and didn&apos;t say a word.
Then I also in that time, once met his wife on the way out of the store.
I told her, but she didn&apos;t believe it at all.
She didn&apos;t actually respond and also didn&apos;t tell me anything.
No one said anything to me then.
I&apos;m the kind of guy who didn&apos;t go out much, never a problem to meet someone, let alone find a woman.
So the divorce I hadn&apos;t really thought about it.
I&apos;m still relying on that, one day it&apos;s over.
I thought I&apos;d forgive her everything and life will go on.
That wasn&apos;t the case.
And I was with all that in essence never equal.
To this day, I have it in me.
I used it often enough, but in the end I gave it for peace.
He still lives in the house next door, and I continued to live with her.
It&apos;s just that it&apos;s more than my wife, my housekeeper.
Dom always made everything - cooking, washing, cleaning.
He&apos;s hardworking.
He&apos;s always trying to me, not to have another reason to complain.
And you might say, that is also good.
But sometimes I want to caress, hug and she won&apos;t.
We are together, we go on walks and to purchase, and everyone thinks we have a happy marriage.
But she once said that she never loved me.
That had me and the likes, but that she didn&apos;t love me.
And I can see that his loves, it&apos;s her god.
And I&apos;m tired of this life.
Even then, when it started, and I&apos;m very badly, I once said that I don&apos;t want to live, and I asked what she&apos;d say if I ended it.
I wanted to see if you would agree with this or not.
And that&apos;s what I wanted to hear from her: Yes or no.
But she thought, and finally said: &quot;But there&apos;s plenty of room.&quot;
The Prime Minister Manuel Valls wants to set up a new French Islamic Foundation, which should serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim citizens.
After the terrorist attacks, France is stepping up the fight against radical Islamists, and the assistance to the government and local Muslim minority.
&quot;If Muslims themselves will not help the State against those who undermine public freedom, it will be increasingly difficult for France to guarantee freedom of religion,&quot; said Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
He intends to ensure that the country preached only spiritual educated in France.
Stop also wants funding mosques from abroad, with the money often coming preachers inoculated jihad.
By October, the French Prime Minister Valls wants to establish a new Islamic foundation, which should serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim citizens.
The new institution will replace the current French foundation for Islam, founded in 2005 by then Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin.
Even then, should contribute to the transparency of financial flows between the mosques and countries that their construction financing.
Soon it but hit the internal contradictions, and therefore never worked properly.
&quot;It&apos;s a total failure,&quot; said Valls.
The new foundation will likely former Defense and Interior Minister Jean-Pierre Chevènement, who is known as a supporter of a secular state.
In France, operates roughly 2,500 mosques and modliteben, about 120 of them serve radical Islamism.
Since 2012, the French authorities banished from the country of around 80 Islamic clerics and several other dozen are considering this step.
This week, the jihadist cleric also German police.
Imams allegedly recruiting fighters for the Islamic State.
One of them ran the space, where religious allegedly radicalized and later attacked the Sikh temple in Essen.
Right after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo in January 2015, in France, the debate about the new institution, which will replace the defunct foundation.
All spurred further terrorist attacks which, in the name of Islamic State, the radical Islamists did.
The new foundation will have two main tasks - to ensure the financing of mosques from domestic sources and also supervise the imams.
It&apos;s not yet clear where to obtain finance, although he is considering several proposals.
One of them is a special levy on halal food, namely, in particular, on the meat from the slaughtered according to Islamic principles.
This tax would, in practice, pay the sellers of halal food, and that the granting of an authorisation.
Some of the money would have went right to the budget of the Foundation.
The contribution of 10 to 20 euros they could also pay French pilgrims, to Mecca.
Every year they have the traditional pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia, moving from France about 30 thousand.
In the French mosques should moreover only preachers, who went through training programmes at universities.
This would be their sermons should be in accordance with democracy.
The government also shut down the radical mosques.
&quot;Since December, we&apos;ve closed ?? and others will follow,&quot; said Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve.
&quot;In France, there is no place for those who preach hatred and do not respect our country&apos;s principles, such as equality between men and women,&quot; he said.
Zaragoza.
His former wife, an unidentified gunman shot on Friday morning in a shopping centre in severošpanělské Zaragoza, writes the Independent.
The shooting occurred after the wife and daughter have left the premises the garage in his car.
The man waited in the car outside a shopping centre, where he also began shooting.
According to witnesses, the man then turned the gun on himself, says the Independent.
A woman taken to hospital unscathed daughter, for a man in a critical condition, an ambulance had to come.
The crime took place around 11.00: ?? p.m. in the central part of the metropolis of the Autonomous Community of Aragon, not far from the local university.
With reference to the Spanish agency Europa Press writes in The Independent that the motive was probably unsettled the recent divorce of both partners.
Rolls with asparagus, wakame algae, ginger and chilli sauce.
Summer wants a light, easily digested foods, but we we Czechs rebels and have our tastes and his head.
And so the summer gardens smells like grilled pork belly, pork neck, elbows.
Nothing too healthy, not much light, so sometimes with the exception of salad or roasted vegetables.
True, the barbecue is saving the time and dishes, also, it&apos;s a social thing, and no one does not need to be locked up in the kitchen.
But there are other alternatives, how to make good food, special dining, their preparation is a little ritual, but at the same time nothing needs to cook for a long time, bake, roast or stew.
And on top of that we will contribute to health.
Whether it&apos;s domestic sushi or sashimi, where good quality raw materials and a few good moves adopted, it is sufficient for that preparation was fun and the food itself really an exotic delicacy.
As well as the rice paper rolls even easier from this recipe.
There is even more time-consuming cooking and cooling the rice.
The paper can be only for a minute to soften into the water and then it depends only on the fantasy of a chef, as he intends to play with charges and accessories.
It&apos;s not the kelp as the kelp.
The advantage of a series of dishes of Asian cuisine is today, and the fact that the raw materials are usually readily available.
Including sweetly acid pickled ginger, which is one of the basic snacks to accompany sushi or fresh rolls.
You can also prepare it at home, but real pink &apos;gari ginger has a unique spicy hot and delicious taste thanks to a secret recipe, according to which a mix of several types of vinegar and ginger.
Just buy a bag that size, and with proven antibacterial effects, promote digestion and resistance to cough or flu, is ready.
Banana leaves.
They are used mainly in Buddhist and Hindu cultures when serving and decorating dishes in the various ceremonies and rituals.
The long, ribbed leaves of the tree are widespread in many countries in Asia or South America as a &quot;tool&quot; for the variety of baked, boiled and fried foods, which are packed into them like in foil.
Banana leaf then the food and the specific flavor.
We can be bought in shops with exotic fruit and vegetables, even in advance, cut to the shape of wheels.
Choose only leaves bright green, and therefore healthy - propped and free of blemishes.
Similarly easy preparation wakame seaweed salad with sesame and of sesame oil.
That can in fact buy it frozen.
Who often her or preparing sushi, in particular, will know about the kelp nori.
In Japan, it is one of the most important types of marine algae, which produces the mincing, pressing and drying the so-called sheets nori - thus plates intended just to make sushi.
Wakame - dark green algae growing in the waters around the island of Hokkaido - she also fresh and dried and is just as popular as the kelp nori.
By the way, who does not know the miso soup with wakame, supposedly her Asian women used since time immemorial to recover after giving birth.
And even is this kelp effects almost miraculous.
Cleans the blood, enhances circulation, even supposedly prevents the graying of hair and is literally loaded minerals.
Dried and wakame roztlučená also serves as a spice, for example, to flavour the rice.
Fresh seaweed to first let in water, then rinse with a leach, put into boiling water and boil for half a minute.
Then it will cool in ice water, cuts out the middle ribs and continued to govern, like favorite salad.
But buy it already finished, frozen, is the simplest solution.
That leaves just roll roll to easy vegetable fillings, pleasant and mild, full of healthy taste.
Such a missile to longevity.
If extra nepřihodíte and resist grilled pork belly.
Eat healthy, light and summery.
Asians know how to do it.
Just a few special raw materials and a little finesse, and have interesting fresh food that delicious combination of flavours.
And done it in no time.
Four pieces of rice paper, 40 g ?? g ?? g ?? g 40 g ?? g ?? g ?? g white radishes, carrots, green asparagus, 100 g 60 g ?? g ?? g ?? g 60 g ?? g ?? g ?? g cucumbers, wakame seaweed and 60 g of sweet chilli sauce.
A handful of chopped coriander, spoon a tablespoon black sesame, sriracha chili sauce, 20 g ?? g ?? g ?? g 40 g ?? g ?? g ?? g mango and pickled ginger &apos;gari, some pine nuts.
First, we assemble the rolls.
Rice paper soaked in cold water for five seconds.
Then we remove it and wait until soft.
Meanwhile, in hot water, the asparagus, parboil shortly after about three minutes, we put them in ice water to cool quickly, in order not to lose colour.
The authorised paper put the filling of vegetables and wrap up.
The prepared from white radishes, carrots and cucumbers, cut into fine shreds, mix them with sweet chili sauce, add the chopped coriander, mix thoroughly and put on rice paper.
The banana leaf paste, add the asparagus, spring rolls and the whole dish dozdobíme kelp wakame, pickled ginger, a slice of mango, sprinkle with black sesame and add a few pine nuts.
Britain has to settle for silver in sedmičkovém rugby, the selection of Fiji takes gold
An impressive feat of Great Britain in sedmičkovém rugby ended up devastating hitch at the last fence, Fiji beat in the championship match on Thursday night, the British on the Deodoro Stadium in Rio high 43: 7.
Fidžané demonstrated a masterful lesson in processing, landfill, úhybech, support play, running to the line and brute force - and the baby, her first Olympic medal ever.
The defeat came with a fresh consolation prize in the form of a silver medal - the third of the day for Britain - and Britons could be on their performance in the inaugural Olympic tournament sedmičkového rugby proud, defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Vydřená win over South Africans 7: 5 in the semis on the same day, may be in the final, she regretted it.
However, Fiji would be defeated in its form and a team in full health.
Probably for the Brits it won&apos;t be a comfort, but they may rejoice that at least one of them will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fidžanů head coach Ben Ryan, the former boss of England from Wimbledon.
Great Britain travels a long way.
Eight years ago, under the leadership of Ryan lost in Adelaide Sevens every game.
Here, lost only one.
This defeat may hurt, but the progress is undeniable.
Fiji started magnificently, incursions of Britons fighting for pleasure.
For captain Tom Mitchell and other teammates it was like to run a series of buses in the movement and World Cup champions led 5: 0, když se Osea Kolinisau came around the corner.
The clock showed four minutes and Jerry Tuwai added further down on the right wing, of which the conversion.
12: 0 and Britain is hardly touched the ball.
Great Mitchel tried to stop the huge Leon Nakarawu and prevent him from scoring for the third time, but only Fidžany slowed.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua threw a touchdown pass to the right corner and the British were losing 17: 0.
Nakarawa said after another and on the clock there was still more than 1 minute of the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou then cut through the languid Brit and came running to the line, where he scored.
Following conversion to state 29: 0 was followed by a break.
It was as if Fiji in the rugby 7s was born, while the British are still taught the transmission.
Exactly it&apos;s like that.
The British after halftime made mass changes and the onslaught of Fidžanů stopped... the whole long four minutes, which, compared with the first half was good, until after the brilliant Fijian Josua Tuisova penetrated interlude.
Dan Norton tried to get for the British opportunity, threw a touchdown in the left corner to increase an 36: 7. The game already won the Pacific Islands inhabitants and their fans in the stands, singing, waving flags and dancing.
It was hard not to admire absolutely overjoyed Fidžanů approach.
In the final moments, even Mata William next try Fidžanů sweeten the victory.
A whistle, Fidžané hugged each other and the British fell to the grass quite weary.
Even before the day of Fiji in the semi-finals beat Japan 20: 5 and the United Kingdom, the Republic of South Africa in the semi-finals - the difference one conversion.
Kyle Brown got the South Africans in the first half, to lead, but Dan Norton because of his dazzling footwork broke through the defensive line and scored in the second half under H.
Great late dump Marcus Watson, brother Anthony from patnáctkového team England, ensure victory - and eventually also the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanningovou to victory on the rowing race inspired the coach&apos;s fight with cancer
At these Games won&apos;t find a more emotional baby - and that&apos;s saying something.
From the first frame to the last, during 220 trestajících breaths in history found Helen Glover and Heather Stanningová more importance in their golden moment in Estacio de Lagoa.
Even at the oars were two, three votes were in the boat when the ship through the water toward the second Olympic gold in a row in the women&apos;s pairs, was with them in the ship&apos;s voice still present coach Robin Williams. They are the first women in the history of British sport, which achieved such an outcome.
Their dominance was absolute, it was their 39th race in which remained impressive records.
That&apos;s what we see - two excellent athletes, how the surface of the water flies with the grace of a swan - does not reflect the nature of the victory.
For every gold medals from rowing&apos;s battalion of hands in which, little by little, mean difference. And no hands were not assisted by more than his coach, who 30 months ago he didn&apos;t know whether to this day live when he was diagnosed with cancer.
In his words it was uncertain.
I&apos;ve suffered cancer of the bladder, which can be operated on, and I had this operation.
Without surgery, anything might have happened.
It would be very, very bad situation.
Rather it will change your point of view.
The cancer was found Williams in December 2013.
Happiness for the whole of the trio was that he could get treatment at the beginning of 2014, out of season, and so cut the blackout to a minimum - as far as we can in such circumstances.
I needed to make money, so I had to give up quickly.
That was the impetus.
I was in the hospital, and I went around the room - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet, at a time when they said that several steps.
That&apos;s how it started.
Rowing alone is the way, but this was a little more challenging.
Immediately after the victory, their first thoughts on Williams, who was very nervous this morning, he spoke less than usual, trying to manage their own anxiety.
Stanningová, captain of the Royal Artillery Regiment, which has a mission in Afghanistan, said: "This week I was with emotion at the bottom, maybe it&apos;s a little extreme, but it means so much".
Once again this highlights how much this means to me, how much we have worked with Helen and Robin, too.
Until now it was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
No Robin, we have not been anyone, so he owns a huge thank you, he&apos;s the best coach in the world.
I couldn&apos;t wish for a better person to train, or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanningová lost only one race in five years.
The pair put on an astonishing rhythm, to which their rivals could not match.
Even in the final 500 meters, when it began to approach the crews from New Zealand and Denmark, should Stanningová Glover with a very big margin.
Up we were at any given point in time.
Helen was screaming: "Don&apos;t stop, don&apos;t stop".
It&apos;s really important not to get carried away.
We had a good start and we achieve something vicious famózního.
Netěšily on tonight&apos;s fireworks, just like boats, well we wanted to go out and win the race, which we did.
The pair will take a year to decide, before they decide what to do next.
Glover is getting married next week, her intended is a television adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn&apos;t mean to say that this will be my last race.
That would be too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months before they find out I&apos;m an Olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so stressed out.
It took about four minutes.
I have a much better feeling, "she said.
The seat in the first row to the glorious architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
The company historians architecture/Southern California Chapter is hosting a meeting with Arnold schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book, "Central Library in Los Angeles: the history of art and architecture".
Gee and Schwartzmann will speak and show pictures of Bertram Goodhue and the 1926 recovery and the 1933 construction of a company from Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The meeting will take place from 14 to 16 hours on 21 August in the Salle Moderne in building private school Southwestern School of Law (formerly the Art Deco Bullocks Wilshire, 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can view the central hall, Period Rooms, lounge Cactus Lounge and a tearoom.
You must buy a ticket in advance: SAH/SCC members $15, nonmembers $25.
Open an industrial loft in DTLA gets cozy conversion.
Celebrate with us 90th birthday Central Library in LA. What&apos;s next? - new book
Prison?
More like let people free, says the hunter taximafie Rubeš to the landmark prosecution.
Six cab drivers and former official of the city government in Prague are, as stated, THU defendants.
You&apos;ve made a number of stories in which you reveal the fraudulent practices and those who have to be in the group, which would happen in court.
You faced because of a few nasty fights with the players.
How much is for you the news of the prosecution of members of the organised group of revolutionary?
I was expecting some kind of court probably will.
I&apos;m especially curious about the judgment.
But I don&apos;t think he should be in prison.
It&apos;s no use.
Primarily they should return all the stolen money.
And they should return them so that they will be driving all the people for free.
That&apos;s a pretty fancy solutions.
Does this mean that any penalty notice as sufficiently effective?
For me, it is sufficient that some of them are so frightened that they don&apos;t do the job anymore.
For example, one does a waiter, another pizza delivery and one totally blew it.
The defendants can, in theory, get two to eight years in prison.
Do you think that&apos;s an adequate rate?
In general, I have a problem with imprisonment.
I consider it a bad punishment.
Lock someone up in prison, especially in this case, is nonsense.
Such people should return the company, what took her.
A quarter century is committed to, that our country destroyed the name and dirty robbing people.
Let&apos;s now make a good card, and are people for free.
I can&apos;t imagine it any other way.
It would work as a community service.
As someone go pick up garbage, they would get a free car and take people in Prague.
No, really, I think in the end they get the condition and they don&apos;t care.
They&apos;ll find another way to cheat on somewhere.
He studied at the Film Academy Miroslav Ondříček v Písku and subsequently na Univerzitě Tomáše Bati ve Zlíně.
It belongs to the people who started in the Czech Republic with virálními videos and videos for the web.
He works as an editor for the Internet TV Stream.cz, where he is involved in a number of programmes, is now preparing a show Prague Guide, which is intended primarily for a foreign audience.
To those rubes in the form of short story tells how the services in Prague would rather avoid, and what, on the other hand, is free to use.
Before filming the series with names How did, City fraud?, Life in the lap of luxury, Enough! and Praha vs. Money.
In the prosecution&apos;s refer to them as the organised group.
The police followed her for several months.
Can such a network of fraudulent taxi drivers described as mafia?
They are such adorable mobsters, not like that, as we know from The Godfather.
It is rather the mobsters - juniors, but organized are definitely.
It&apos;s just that watching each other štafly (cab).
Prague is the whole pieced.
I tracked, for example, that the main train station to doesn&apos;t like with the Paris, Paris again doesn&apos;t like with taxi drivers waiting at Karlovy Lázně (disco club) 
Everyone just watch your place and each of the group is organised.
It&apos;s obviously a complex web.
Obžalovaných is but together just seven people, six taxi drivers and one former official of the Municipality, which warn the driver controls.
As you say yourself, the adverse effect from the streets.
What percentage of between pražskými fraudsters in your estimation, taxi service then?
It&apos;s a very small percentage.
The worst ones are still on the street.
I am talking for instance about Lesha Ryjáčkovi.
This is a man who is actually dangerous - in your car driving Kel-Light, and every Friday and Saturday at the Charles Bridge and the people.
When was the last time I was with him, asked me for seven hundred for three kilometres.
The police for some reason failed.
They chose only a few people from the whole of a large group.
The same situation is in other locations.
Obžalobou seven people therefore hard to eradicate already famous Prague abuse that appears to be a much larger dimensions.
Completely useless, of course, it&apos;s not.
It will help, but the evil is eradicated, that&apos;s true.
They cab drivers who rob foreign tourists, still in the same places that you showed in reports, the Charles Bridge or the Paris street?
Yes, that&apos;s right.
In these locations is every day and every day violate the decree.
It ignores how the city police, the City Hall.
It&apos;s not even kocourkov, but total indifference.
Business Prague taxi drivers in numbers
Still, some of them, even if it&apos;s just a part of the group, they get to court.
It&apos;s been a breakthrough.
I have to ask: do you feel vindicated?
If I take it as an accomplishment, that would be wrong, because my goal was, is and always will be, to the centre of Prague.
And though I have the feeling that there is a need to have a little bit better, I will continue.
We need to push on the door from the other side.
Although there remain a thief, we&apos;d still have to do something to remove him.
With that, cannot be satisfied.
But it is not so, of course, there are more.
You&apos;re trying to still confront directly in taxis?
Sometimes I do a test drive, and I have to say, it&apos;s still bad.
Just last week, I caught one taxi driver, by the way, from the same group, and was very surprised to see me.
He tacked on 560 kroner for two miles, then claimed that it was the amount of CZK 56 (used the trick with the decimal point).
He had a receipt, the cops came and this driver was so cute and cheeky, he still went for these police officers and asked them, when someone finally put those 56 crowns.
A similar case.
The taxi driver on the meter taped a decimal point and robbed the tourists by 357 crowns.
In fact, the impudence of fraudulent taxi drivers did not after you in their footage showed the faces of those who charge ridiculous amounts for a short ride?
Their arrogance is still incredible.
How is that a taxi driver domáhajícím with 56 crowns?
The police sent him away with that, with him at a place they cannot discuss, because it put the receipt.
And it will be, I think, the problem and the court of (six taxi drivers and one exúředníka).
On the one hand, there will be some taxi driver with their bills, on the other side of the police.
But according to the ruling of the Supreme Administrative Court must not magistrate used secret recordings from the vehicle cab services as evidence in court.
When I was filming parts of their fraud, me alone taxi drivers on this precedent.
I&apos;ve always wanted to use the footage, but only in the story.
You have concerns that this could protect the fact even before the court?
I hope any judge will understand that no cab driver couldn&apos;t drive for six or ten crowns per kilometre, because it would save my life.
You were talking about the shirt with the decimal point, which in particular before foreign clients underwater taxi drivers are.
It&apos;s still current, or they fear this trick after the publication of your stories continue to use?
I think we&apos;re this trick, on the other hand, the show is broadcasted comercials.
I recently went with one taxi driver, he bragged to me that he&apos;s the honest taxi driver.
Then I noticed that the black cardboard taped to the side of the meter.
When I ask him, what&apos;s he got there, he told me: &quot;You know what it is.&quot;
When the taxikáře-podvodníky too didn&apos;t work fine, it may impress the court a warning on them with their colleagues?
It&apos;s not something that can be deterred from fraud?
Did you talk about that, do you think they find a way to cheat, always.
I think nothing can deter them.
But someone is one of those places may push.
And that&apos;s fair taxi drivers who should be doing more to keep them out of there really got away.
From my experience, I have to say, your fair taxi drivers in Prague, fortunately.
But they have the appetite to go against those who undermined their services?
The taste they have, but they lack um.
He can&apos;t go in too and he can&apos;t exactly say what they wanted.
When held a rally (due to across-the-board restrictions from the mayor&apos;s office Adrian Krnáčové), however very clearly what they really want.
He said that protest against Uber, they just want to have the same conditions as is this service, then claimed that they want more than Uber.
As it turned out, was just a block of Prague and it comes from only the best possible advertising for Uber.
How would you evaluate the overall approach of the Prague City Hall in the solution to the problem of overcharging fare?
You see, I had to jump in when the criminal police, something to be worked out.
The Magistrate was to short.
There was a mole who leaked the information, that is to say, the department taxi carried out his work for years for nothing.
Hopefully, the official in charge of the last checks all the lost control, to realize what he&apos;s done.
That to me is the worst.
I was even with him on one control, which I found out later from their schedule.
Since publishing the last episodes of TV shows has been for several months now.
What is the response?
I think especially for foreign viewers, than is actually a series of the most focused.
I have friends here from abroad, they play the videos.
And then we go after the Old Town Square, is a surprise, it&apos;s the same people who are seen on camera, really is.
Infamous pražské celebrities.
But seriously.
Build a fence around them, for the people watching.
The Museum of Communism, right on the street.
My last question is clear.
You drive a cab, if you need?
Sure.
I ride to the services, for which I don&apos;t have to pay in cash, but the card.
I use services such as Uber or Liftago, where there is no possibility of fraud.
It is but also many dispatchings, which are fair.
On the street, I took a cab from then on only once.
The driver of the car, after I said: &quot;Wow, you have some nerve.&quot;
Bém disguised as an Italian tourist.
The fraudulent taxi drivers said in 2005.
Former Mayor Pavel Bém in the same year set out to control the ride in the guise of an Italian tourist and right on the first try it shorted the driver $???.
The editor Rubeš had a worse experience.
The drivers taxis charge him for the ride from the Old Town to the Wenceslas square 820 kroner, which is based on some 195 crowns per kilometre, as calculated by the creators of the story.
Prague City Hall, set a maximum price of CZK 28 per km.
In the filmed story are also another surprising amount: e.g. dvoukilometrová journey from the streets of Paris to the Joinery installation was a tourist 400 crowns.
Expensive ride, also provide taxi drivers waiting in Karlovo bridge.
A ride on the Angel, which is 2.5 miles, they charge even six hundred crowns.
The marble wash mostly clean water, most of it without the chemistry and the longer, the better.
Impurities are going well of him, even if he sometimes has to be dirt to put down the scalpel, it must be from the folds of his.
It&apos;s not easy, and it isn&apos;t that fast, approached his job a paintings conservator Vanessa Trost of Oldøichova v Hájích.
Hats off to her: tombstone is obestavěný scaffolding, after which it must be countless times to get up and come down again.
&quot;Restoration should be careful, patient and unassuming on the work environment,&quot; she said.
On Frýdlantsku restaurátorská it is far from her first job.
Thanks to her, the recovery such as stone elements in the rear facades Frydlant City Hall, also restored statues of saints in the Loser Magdalene, holy Jana Nepomuckého ve Frýdlantě, Pieta in Frydlant Okružní Street at ve Frýdlantu atlanty or in front of the spa v Novém Městě pod Smrkem.
With recovery tombstone Melchior, Christopher and Catherine from Redernu se ve Frýdlantu started already in 2011.
Now, purifies the surface rock elements from the impurities and crusting, loose stone to ensure against collapse and shift; either will be anchored to the wall or to each other.
He is also treatment and preservation of the surface.
The inscriptions on the tomb&apos;s beams again.
&quot;Then he starts to gilding on the marble in pure culinary gold leaf,&quot; said Officer National Monuments městského úřadu ve Frýdlantu Věra Sobotová.
In the past, there are no records of that tombstone went through some repairs.
On closer inspection they holes drilled in the marble columns.
They are hundreds of years old and the decoration of the headstone.
He was richly decorated with, unfortunately, after the raid the Swedes for the Thirty Years&apos; War was gone.
Literally tombstone to trim, said Sobotová.
In church Finding Holy Cross are conservatives with a slight exaggeration as at home.
After flooding in 2010 was needed to fix the headstones, which were under water, restored to the font, the mural in the tomb, and now the headstone.
&quot;We&apos;d like to in the future into stained glass,&quot; she told Sobotová.
The church is otherwise in very good condition, every year in maintenance and repair our money.
Restoration work on restoring redernovského headstone will be a total of 128 thousand crowns.
They will be funded by subsidies, the town in this part of the recovery will not be putting any of her money.
A hundred thousand crowns goes from winning at regionals competition Historical city in 2015, the other 28 thousand crowns is the contribution of the Ministry of Culture, said Mayor Dan Ramzer Frýdlant.
The release of the winnings on the restoration council decided the headstone.
The views of experts on the future development of the selected foreign markets pursued through the indices and compared with the Czech capital market (PX) in the term of one month and a half.
In markets dominated by low volatility and growth.
Who would have even the beginning of the year, he said.
The US S&amp;P500 index, which in February was 12% correction is now at a new historical highs, and since the start of the year he has 7 percent.
Again, so confirms the iron rule that traders would never go against the long term interest of the central banks, which in the end has always reached their.
In a situation where US stocks are at an all-time high so again disappearing volatility, which is currently the lowest since 2014, when the markets happy and without fear grew thanks to quantitative easing of the US Federal Reserve and when, as now, the volatility index (VIX) held steady below 12 percent.
And also to not.
Although the Fed markets in preparing for a gradual increase in interest rates, quantitative easing in Europe and Japan is in full swing, and in the past week in hand as well as the Bank of England, which in the coming six months to buy bonds in the amount of 70 billion pounds.
The new wave of quantitative easing, thus pushing the already low yields even lower, and contributes to the almost complete elimination of risk and fear of the future.
How long this situation will last?
This is, of course, the million-dollar question.
There are no risks, but at the moment the world economy is going through almost constant growth without major changes, the situation on the commodity market and in China is stabilising, and Brexit has already basically is not the subject, so we shouldn&apos;t be too surprised if, in a similarly quiet scheme held US stocks continue.
Too bad that Juncker doesn&apos;t study Klaus!
I am very glad that my friend Michel Barnier accepted this important and challenging task.
I wanted an experienced politician for this difficult job, said European Commission chief Juncker, when French policy (a really experienced, since so many various supranational political functions, that a better example of the so-called &apos;European elite&apos; we find difficult) was the main negotiator of the European Commission conditions leaving Great Britain from the EU.
Juncker&apos;s selection blew out of the hope that is in serious interest for the EU to look for with Britain to form a future friendly coexistence.
But most of the British media has adopted the name of Barnier, Juncker as an act of war.
Barnier is a European federalist.
Britain hates.
As Commissioner for the Internal Market (2009 - 2014) was in charge of the reform of the European banking law.
Is it, as only he could take her: relentless enemy of the Anglo-Saxon model of capitalism and the free market concept.
An advocate of multilateral regulation was co-author of the concept of so-called banking union and with a grudge against anything that comes from the City, London&apos;s financial center, has pushed through legislation unduly tough regulation of the financial sector and services.
So this Michel Barnier, head of Paris in a dispute with London, it will be hard, and probably by a ruthless negotiator.
I don&apos;t think that&apos;s good news.
As you recall, in this context, on the quiet and friendly division of the Czechoslovak federation, to which many contributed to the balance sheet, insight, and empathy Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus.
I therefore today with the Slovaks Czechs may be the closest of friends and allies.
It&apos;s a pity Juncker from Vaclav Klaus - at least in this - don&apos;t learn.
It would be to the benefit of all!
An earthquake around Putin?
The Kremlin dismissed its close Ivanova.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday fired Sergey Ivanov was the chief of the presidential office.
His place will take over Anton Vajno.
It informed the Russian media with reference to the notice of the press service of the Kremlin.
However, Putin hinted that Ivan&apos;s released on his own recognizance.
At the meeting, which was a television station Rossiya 24, the president said that, based on the wishes of Ivanova frustrating-because when taking office, that he wants to be head of the presidential office more than four years.
It also announced that Ivanov will be his special representative for ecology and transport.
The report on the exchange at the head of the President&apos;s Administration, which will now be a current representative Vajno Ivanov, is considered to be quite surprising.
Ivanov, who is 63 years old, is known as one of the closest associates of Putin.
The former KGB officer in the past, for example, he appointed Secretary of Defense and Deputy Prime Minister.
Now leave and chair of a member of the president&apos;s security council.
Ivanov at the meeting with Putin, but stated that it was the length of stay at the head of the administration, chief of the state actually record.
He held it for four years and eight months.
In this context, in the 25 years since its establishment, in that capacity, he already had 11 people.
Kvitová nor deblistky Strýcová Šafářovou have finals to play.
So far, neither of the Friday night tennis matches failed to turn in the final.
As the first Petra Kvitová lost his fight, which succumbed to portorikánskému surprise Monica Puigové after straight sets, 4: 4, 6: 1 and 3: 6.
Kvitovou followed after a moment i české deblistky Šafářivá to Strýcovou.
While the Williams sisters slayers in the first set were winning, but squandered two setboly and Russian finally captured set in the shortened game.
The second set then lost 4: 6 ratio.
Half the success in the morning programme in Rio experienced Czech rowing: sculler Ondrej Synek with the win their semi-finals, when the second Damira Martin from Croatia defeated despite easing in the conclusion by almost a second.
Today, the conditions were great, the wind calmed down.
I&apos;m trying to save as much as possible, said Sonny.
That his rivals, unlike him, they had to fight the procedure.
So some forces them off, that it would be tomorrow, it could be easier.
But I&apos;m not saying it&apos;s easy, it just plays into the hands of Dukla Prague oarsman, said.
Mirka Knapková but in Snykových footsteps not walked.
Pětatřicetiletá veslařka occupied in today&apos;s semi-finals and the fourth position in his ride on Saturday awaits her start in B finals and fighting for 7th to 12th place.
Honey from London so misguided.
First time I was in the Olympics hasn&apos;t progressed to the final.
I&apos;m sorry, but on the other hand, I drove a good race and I gave it everything I could.
Soupeřky were just better, bent Knapková Topinková before them.
She fought to the end and believed that at their fourth Games between the top six.
The fight gave up until just before the goal.
I knew that the girls are in balance, that from that field may refer to anyone.
She surprised me Chinese, that had such a finish.
And I thought that, I suppose to the finals.
Unfortunately today rode the race, the 2011 world champion said.
Far behind finálovými gates in Rio stay young shooter Philip Nepejchal who, even at the second time of struggling from short range, this time lying down.
In her Nepejchal took 33th place.
The best came out to the Russians.
From the first rungs moved Sergei Kamensky with 629 points, the second Kirill Grigorjan (628.9).
Nepejchalův group was 620.5 points.
The programme also spoke for the first time in Rio athletes, among them the Czech sedmibojařky Kateřina Cachová and Eliška Klučinová.
Cachové belongs after the second event of the Olympic competition in eleventh place, české world-record holder Eliška Klučinová is dvaadvacátá.
He leads British Katarina Johnsonová-Thompsonová, which jumped to a height of 198 centimeters, as well as other Belgian Nafissatou Thiamová continuously.
Both deal with the historically best výškařský performance under sedmiboje.
They sought to still jump to 201 centimeters, but failed.
German, Russian, who is worse?
Looking beyond absurdity as follows the questions referred: the German company went through a profound sebereflexí, while Russia is not.
In both major Eurasian nations in the 20th century there were dictators, and were given the regimes that were inhumane, brutal and horrible.
The Russian Bolsheviks from 1917 to 1989 have contributed largely to the 94 million victims of communism, which states Black book of communism, whether it was a targeted individual daily repression, famine, the incompetent leadership of war or inhumane experiments.
The Nazis inhumane way they wiped out about 6 million Jews and the total victims of World War II, is estimated at $60 million.
On obsazovaných opouštěných territories or carry out atrocities the Germans and Soviets.
In Germany or the USSR wasn&apos;t guilty just a few individuals, but a large part of the population is involved in these crimes, whether actively or passively, just cowardice or burying one&apos;s head in the sand.
It&apos;s not just the specifics of these nations, we Czechs are similarly guilty.
In Germany, immediately end the war came denacifikace, the Nuremberg tribunal.
The most important thing, however, came later.
As the children grew up, they began to ask: Father, Grandfather, why were you involved in such atrocities?
How could you!
This brought the real reflection and healing.
Until recently, the German elites care more about the prosperity of the country, the eradication of poverty, the welfare of its citizens.
Now they have other (often naively idealistic) objectives, but to them it&apos;s not about to connect back Alsace-Lorraine or someone - in return - militarily challenge - everyone recognises it.
After losing the cold war in Russia to any great reflection.
The window of possible positive changes to definitively concluded at the turn of the millennium, when the former KGB officer (sic!) Vladimir Putin.
Often a criminal past is celebrated in Russia today.
Politikou putinovskéhu Russia&apos;s revenge, the conquest of lost territory, the humiliation of the West.
Health, prosperity and future of their own people not for věrchušku no value.
Bij his, and to be afraid of.
I still believe that it&apos;s only those despotic regime decades ago, that the Russians are not genetically or culturally inferior - meant to be Asian (myself) tyranny.
Who benefits the growth of tensions over Crimea?
The Ukrainian army.
In the last days and hours of a worsening situation at the Ukrainian-Russian border in Crimea.
To increase the tension is good for?
After a long moment of relative calm again to a further worsening of relations between Ukraine and Russia.
The pretext of the Ukrainian parties became a peninsula of Crimea, which was accompanied by more than 2 years to Russia and is part of its territory.
Reports from both sides, of course, is contradictory and hard to independently verify, and so we have the option to only think about the old question of who it benefits?
According to reports from Moscow, the terrorist attacks on the Crimea from the Ukrainian side, which, of course, Ukraine refuses and instead accuses the Kremlin of provocation.
For information on the arrest of members of the Ukrainian special forces on the territory of Russia came from the case of pilot Savčenkové already known the answer that they were supposedly on the territory of Russia.
If we accept the Ukrainian version of what would Russia benefit from a deterioration of the situation around Crimea?
The simple answer is: nothing.
The escalation of tensions over Crimea, Russia can only damage, especially to the West in the form of a further tightening of sanctions and strengthen anti-Russian campaign.
In the last year there has been against the immigration crisis into Europe to retreat in attention from the situation in Ukraine.
The Ukrainian leadership has lost before their inhabitants already fully credit, when the current support for President Poroshenko is around 15%.
The economy of Ukraine would already be bankrupt long ago if it wasn&apos;t for generous financial injections from the EU and IMF.
In this situation needs Ukrainian regime once again vigorously to attract attention to his country, so as to justify their requests for financial help and tried to improve his reputation before the voters in their own country.
President Poroshenko and other members of the leadership of the force components once again want to show as strong men who are not afraid to stand up to the great Russia.
We can only hope that all those who are trying to start a open conflict between Ukraine and Russia, and ultimately a huge responsibility for the lives not just of soldiers, but of all the ordinary people on either side of and stop in time their hostile actions.
Bulgaria, for the first time in eight months showed inflation
According to national statistics in Bulgaria in July, a monthly inflation rate of 1%.
This is the highest value for several years (since June 2012) and the first non-zero value since October last year, when was published positive inflation rate of 0,2%.
The annual average inflation rate, as measured by the CPI index, over the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 to December 2015) has been -0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
Compared to the previous month was in July 2016, recorded an increase in journeys of these groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic drinks (1.7%), transport (1.8%), Recreation and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), other goods and services (0,3%).
The decline in prices for clothing and shoes (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0,5%), health (0,1%).
On the same level as the previous month the prices of alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication and education.
U.S. Secret Service, said the year followed the hacking attacks Russians.
Information about the Russian attacks was made public last month, when the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) announced that deals with attack on servers at the Party headquarters Democrats.
The Russian contribution to the attack but no official report does not mention.
Moscow denied the attack on the share.
The report on the monitoring of the alleged Russian attack was top secret, because its disclosure would be revealed that US intelligence monitored hacker attack and discovered he could be a way to do it and what sources they use.
The strike action is said to have involved the Russian intelligence services.
The new Advisory Council for cybersecurity
The material on the monitoring of Russian traces in code and access to it was a small group of experts, wrote Reuters.
The public officials had been informed only a small group of eight leading members of Congress, called the US the gang of eight.
It is made up of the leaders of the two chambers of Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan, the chairpersons of the Democrats in both houses of Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid and four members of the CEVRO committees of Congress.
Incumbent Democratic Party chief Donna Brazile on Thursday announced that it was creating an Advisory Council for cyber security, which is &quot;to prevent future attacks and ensure the world-class protection of the servers of the Democratic Party.&quot;
The smoked salmon from Albert was dangerous parasite.
The chain has apologized.
On the basis of the complaint consumers on the health problems after eating food - smoked wild salmon pieces of 100 g, expiration date 22.11.2016 made Prague health control in Albert Square and The Bridge.
The inspection revealed that the batch L23012562/T4 with expiration date 22.11.2016, to which a customer pointed out, is no longer available, and therefore the product was removed from the same batch with an expiration date.
Laboratory tests confirmed the presence of Anisakis spp. Anisakis simplex.
It is a parasitic worm of the digestive tract of the marine mammals.
That is harmful to humans - the larvae in the body cavities or fish muscle is a strong allergen and man half-devoured live larvae can penetrate through the stomach wall to the internal organs, said Šticha.
Customers are very sorry for the trouble this branded product.
The batch we immediately withdrew from sale and for precautionary reasons we pulled all the other batch of this item.
The error was on the part of the suppliers, with whom we are negotiating, and at the same time we left this product testing, said Novinkám spokesman Albert Barbora Vanko.
If a customer bought this product, and can, in any of the shops chain go back and get my money back.
The larvae will destroy the frost and sufficient heat
Persons, the company was Nekton - Vrňata.
The occurrence of a dangerous product health officials informed Prague and středočeskou veterinary administration.
According to server bezpecnostpotravin.cz people after ingesting the parasite may sicken anisakiózou, sharp abdominal pain, vomiting, and nausea, or illness can be conducted bezpříznakově, ČTK.
Symptoms appear one to two weeks after eating undercooked processed infected fish.
After three weeks from the beginning of the disease, the larvae usually spontaneously leaves the digestive tract.
Adult worms and maggots are sensitive to higher temperatures and, therefore, are killed either at a sufficient heat treatment, the meat of the fish, or freeze them.
Vets are currently checked out salmon and the recipient of the imported goods ve Středočeském kraji.
Three of the five examined samples of a parasite.
Delivery to 1700 products came to the Czech Republic, the State Veterinary Administration (JRC) in early April.
Vyexpedováno, in most chain Ahold was, to date, 919 packages.
Currently downloading unsold stocks of product from stores, said on Friday the ČTK CST spokesman Peter Pejchal.
Veterinarians immediately after finding positive samples banned the sending of other products from the warehouse.
A ??-year-old British wanted to flee Raqqa, killed her, probably a Russian air strike.
After the initial enthusiasm and a quick marriage to a jihadist, who was soon killed, was a sobering experience.
The caliphate is paradise for British girls turned into hell on earth, from which there was no escape.
The girl was with relatives in touch with his sister Halimou.
In Britain her repeatedly on the phone and she wants to get back home.
Leave the Islamic State is like trying to escape from Alcatraz.
They have orders to shoot without thinking, quoting The Telegraph a lawyer the family of the deceased girl Tasnima Akunjeeho.
The last tracks leading into Raqqa, the girl said the last time.
Then came a report of her death, but one which cannot be verified.
The family of communicating with her flat in East London.
Together, discussing how to get out of Raqqa and cross the Turkish border.
There, they hoped to meet again with a former student.
But Kadiza was likely killed before she could escape, because the house, in which to keep, compared to countries air raid in May, said Britain&apos;s ITV News.
The TV said that the bomb apparently dropped the Russian plane, which attacked the IS stronghold in Syria.
They carried you for the moon, just to get their child out of the dangerous area, told Tasnim Akunjee, the lawyer of the family.
In a week when (Kadiza) thinking about escaping from the territory of the Islamic State, was trying to escape caught one Austrian and according to the information available, was publicly beaten to death.
I think it (Kadiza) interpreted as a warning and decided not to risk, Akunjee says, according to the BBC.
The family would do anything.
Kadiza Sutlanaová 15-year-olds, along with some of her school friends Shamimou Begumovou and Amira Abasovou issued on 17 February last year.
At home they said only that they go out.
They went but to and from Gatwick Airport via Turkey on the territory controlled by IS.
The family of the girl, according to a lawyer, she did all in her power to Kadizu got back.
They carried you for the moon, just to get their child out of the dangerous area and this family did everything they could, but all power to get your daughter home.
But it wasn&apos;t possible without the risk that they would be caught, he added.
The only positive aspect is that, according to him, Kadizy fate may serve as an example for other girls or even boys, who are fooled by Islamist propaganda.
&quot;There are many cases where people there started, they realized how things are run up there, understand, how is that different from promises of propaganda of the Islamic State, and they wanted to come back,&quot; said further Akunjee.
Fate Kadiziných classmates is not known.
As the silent but also their families, they must accept that they are most likely dead.
To prison for money.
In Scotland you can go behind bars without committing a crime.
Many centuries was the village of Inveraray regional centre and seat of the Duke of Argyll.
Since the mid-18th century, held at City Hall, the courts and the basement under the hall served as a local prison.
The conditions in which they lived, the convicts were pathetic and attempted to escape many prisoners.
A lot of them successfully.
That&apos;s why city representatives decided to move to a new prison spaces.
The new building was completed in 1848 and was much more to the prisoners, heating and gas lighting.
Either way, in operation for long, for its closure is not economic reasons already in late August 1889, as the less corrective devices were costly to operate and too dangerous.
Stories of convicts and the hunt for ghosts.
For the public to prison opened about a century later, visitors may compare the old building with a new one, to convince themselves, as there were different conditions in them.
Wizards in period costumes, an authentic experience even further.
The vision is also a torture room, in which visitors can know, what forms of punishment to criminals, whether it&apos;s been breaking fingers or burn marks on the body.
In the context of inspections may be tourists arrested in one of the cells, mostly because of the souvenir photograph, or to induce the feeling that prisoners are behind bars.
In addition, Inveraray Jail is one of the most famous Scottish sites, where allegedly haunted.
It&apos;s in there several groups of hunters paranormal activities and to this day the museum allows people to come some ghost hunt.
That night, however, comes to £300, which is in about 9500.
The addition of this popular tourist attractions, as well as to the great food, the surrounding views and history.
"Animé" effect on Snapchat is criticized as an Asian caricature
According to the Snapchat filter is inspired by animé, but some observers say that is racially insensitive.
The app Snapchat every day allows about 150 million users to change reality and play with identity in ways that borders on the absurd.
You can make yourself a pineapple, dog or figure, as if she got out of the image of Roy Lichtenstein.
Filters are simple instruments that distort reality and every day will generate more than $30 million in improved selfies.
Any mistake to publish, immediately.
Snapchat filters in the past criticism with accusations that the app promotes blackfacing or that supports white skin tone as an ideal of beauty.
So when this week offered users filter, which had slanted eyes, crooked teeth and bloated face, some critics declared it racist caricature Asians - "yellowface".
And they asked whether these recurring issues do not point to a bigger problem - the problem with diversity.
On Wednesday, the Verge and Motherboard wrote and news and outrage spread quickly and Snapchat next day stated that function.
The company offered an explanation: Filter was intended as a show of accounts animé characters, not as a caricature of the Asians.
But observers who witnessed racism, filter remind painful stereotypes in action.
Other blunt comparison with animé refused.
Grace Sparapani, a student of the American art from Korea, whose tweet of the photo was widely shared, in an email, stated that the filter was "the least harmful and embarrassing".
It added that "it&apos;s hard to argue against the obvious comparison to Asian caricature and effects filter.
It turns out that the filter is not only about the yellow face (yellowface), but that yellow face is dragged into the contemptuous extreme.
Snapchat isn&apos;t the only one with these cultural bounds exceeded.
It seems that American culture has an endless game of diversity and inclusion, from meeting rooms in corporations up Hollywood and equipment, which all carry in our hands.
A huge number of young people on Snapchat - who are more racially diverzifikovaní than their older partners - may mean that it may be expected that even greater sensitivity.
"When one filter Snapchat creates a picture, which is for any users of the offensive", said Katie Zhuová pětadvacetilá on Thursday in an interview, "just very difficult to do without these things today, as it was before".
Katie Zhuová, product manager and designer, who works for Medium, on Thursday decided to delete his account on Snapchat and invited others to do the same.
In an article for Medium and in conversation on the phone, it stated that it is convinced that the racist problems reflect the lack of diversity in recruitment of workers in Snapchat.
Katie Zhuová criticised the vast white, male directors and ended with hash tag: # DeleteSnapchat.
"It&apos;s either so that they don&apos;t have any diversity among employees and people of color, at the time when decisions about these things", said Zhuová, who is Chinese-American, "or people of color are working, but not in position to feel safe or comfortable to talk".
Other observers shares her opinion - a complaint that Snapchat had largely unanswered.
The company publish figures regarding the diversity of its employees, with that has the status of a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to talk about the racial origin of their employees, but according to the spokesman, the company has recently adopted a recruitment worker, who should focus on inadequately represented by population, and the internal management of inclusion.
Zhuová adds: "I wonder if they really need another such users, who can say that it&apos;s not right", with the fact that your account will be canceled.
Military officers distorted intelligence about IS, says parliamentary committee
The House Armed Services Committee in a report issued on Thursday indicated that officers from the Central Command of the United States changing intelligence reports to depict the more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and in Syria, than provide the events from the ground.
According to the preliminary report prepared by the Republican chairman of the Committee on Armed Forces, Intelligence Committee and Subcommittee on defense, was found "widespread dissatisfaction" among analysts, the central intelligence services, under which their superiors changed their assessment of the American effort to defeat the Islamic State.
The Central Command, known as CentCom, is military central in Tampa, Florida, which oversees American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
In a press release, the report states: "The intelligence secret services sanctioned Centcomu senior officers usually offer a more positive picture of the counter-terrorism efforts of the USA, than have been confirmed by the facts on the ground, and were consistently more positive, than analysis, obtained from other parts of the intelligence community".
"What happened in Centcomu is unacceptable - our warriors are harmed when a superior policy makers presented faulty analysis", said Ken Calvert, a Republican congressman from California.
Failure in leadership Centcomu goes all the way to the top of the organisation.
In a ten-page report describes in detail the problems remaining central staff in the description and analysis of America&apos;s efforts in training Iraq&apos;s forces in 2014 and 2015.
Even if it does not offer any conclusive proof that the Obama administration&apos;s top officials have ordered that the reports were altered, the report notes that the analysts had the impression that they were from Centcomu leaders under pressure to present a more optimistic view of the danger posed by the Islamic State, or IS.
"In the first half of 2015, there were many press reports the central staff, statements and testimony from Congress significantly more positive than what events were in fact", the report notes.
For example, Representative Centcomu publicly stated that a major military attack to take Mosul could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"This is a very clear after months of investigation", he said in a statement the MP Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas.
From mid-???? to 2014, manipulated the intelligence staff of the central headquarters of the US with intelligence services HQ in order to downplay the danger of IS in Iraq.
The Republicans set up a working group after he learned about the concerns of analysts, that the information the intelligence services relating to Islamic State are manipulated.
The report, published on Thursday, must be after another investigation followed by a more detailed examination.
In Centcomu intelligence service is yet another investigation by the Inspector General of the Department of Defense.
Democratic members of the Intelligence Committee published on Thursday its own findings which correspond to some of the conclusions of the working group of Republicans.
"Between 2014 and 2015, the Centcom has produced a very narrow the process for drawing up evaluation of information on IS and Iraq&apos;s security forces said in a statement", the representative Adam B. Schiff, the President of the Committee and representatives of the Democrats.
In the words of Adam Schiff this process "led to the distortion of the intelligence services", damaged morale among analysts and "inadequately reflect the dissenting views".
However, Schiff and Democrats claim that they found no evidence that the White House tried to push Centcomu analysts to adjust their findings to "the draft or the political situation".
The preliminary results of the investigation were published on Tuesday in The Daily Beast.
Last year in August, the New York Times reported the Pentagon Inspector General&apos;s investigation, which was launched after complaints from analysts Centcomu.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, spokesman for the Pentagon, in a statement, said that the Ministry of Defence will not comment on parliamentary report, because the Inspector General&apos;s investigation still continues.
It stated, however, that "experts are sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the Intelligence Community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital questions of national security".
The investigation has implications beyond the question of whether the US-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria successfully (operative part, which now claims a growing number of leaders of defense).
However, last year&apos;s indictment has raised question marks about the extent to which President Obama can count on a central staff honestly evaluating military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis areas.
The criticism intelligence about the Islamic State reflects conflicts for more than ten years, when Centcomu intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote a research paper in which it was claimed that the administration of President George W. Bush - despite the opposition of many analysts - advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the invasion in 2003.
Hooker also played a key role in the opposition against the intelligence services of the Islamic State.
Last year, the authorities announced that Hooker team concluded that, despite public statements to the contrary, the air strikes against Islamic State refineries not significantly dilute the resources of this terrorist group because the group has built temporary refinery and oil is sold on the black market.
The Times in September was informed of the findings but was not transmitted outside the central headquarters.
Centcomu commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was then subjected to criticism last year after many lawmakers found evidence the Senate too positive assessment of the war.
General Austin in April resigned and in Centcomu replaced Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The US prevailed in field hockey in the fourth game in a row, so today will play a decisive game in team Great Britain
Katie Bamová in the match against Japan, which ended 6: 1, scored three goals, and just a day after the American women&apos;s field hockey team scored the first two goals of the match, on Thursday, America defeated India 3: 0.
Five goals in two games is the success of a good memory, but Bamová (27) said she&apos;s not sure whether she&apos;s ever done.
"I have no idea", she said.
I&apos;m not one of those who take their wickets are entered.
This but knows: American at the Olympic tournament lead to games 4: 0 and is the first place in the group with Great Britain, which remained on Thursday, after the defeat of Japan 2: 0 stay undefeated.
Great Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the final game of the first round.
Both teams qualified for the quarter finals and the game will decide who of the group of six teams over the first and who&apos;s in second place.
The team from the first place for a while longer to avoid strong Danes, who are at the forefront of the other group.
Whatever Saturday&apos;s game is over, Americans here its surprising driving caused a stir, four years after they ended up among the 12 teams at the Olympics in London.
In that team was even Bamová.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and field hockey stick her hand for the first time when she was 3 years old (her older twin sisters played in Drexel) and into the national team came when she was 16 and became the youngest player ever.
The Olympics in 2008 she escaped because he didn&apos;t make the final roster.
Then came 2012, when power failed her, not even the ladies of her team.
The next year he was appointed coach Englishman Craig Parnham and things began to change.
"Cultural change, mental change, physical alteration", said Bamová.
In London, we didn&apos;t have such a pace of work, as we have today.
We did a complete turnaround.
Thursday night Bamová launched vstřelením bekendem goal in the first half from close range.
India came into the match without a victory in the tournament, but the team has proven surprisingly hard and keep the score 1: 0 until the end of the third quarter, when Bamová opportunity.
She escaped on the left side of the playing field, then scurried to the center and shot the ball into the goal, to get American women into the lead 2: 0.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal in the middle of the fourth quarter.
The decommissioning brankářky American women, Jackie Briggs, who helped win in each of the three to one goal, was the first ever in the tournament.
He&apos;s in great shape.
Just like Bamová.
"Now we&apos;re in a good place", said Parnham, but how good it is, it will depend on the outcome of Saturday&apos;s game.
Zen trampoline in the middle of the Olympic frenzy
It doesn&apos;t matter where you are, it doesn&apos;t matter what time it is - it&apos;s the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro is to feel persistent, unspeakable and biased rotation competition and effort.
It is, as the Olympic torch itself was hot štafetovým stake, which is passed from lustřelce swimmers, gymnasts and triatlonistovi.
You can&apos;t turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbor&apos;s conversation in the queue in the coffee shop, you heard of Simon Bilesové, Katie Ledecky or hostility between Michael Phelps and Chad le Closem.
And then is also Logan Dooley.
Dooley, the darling of women with dimples, it is in the Olympics for the first time and could also be among those whose names sound in homes in prime time between advertising and sponsor spots, if he&apos;d been a swimmer, gymnast or even the swordsman.
But Dooley (28) from Lake Forest, California, is fighting for Olympic gold in jumps on the trampoline.
The Olympic fire off all the competition as well.
Away from the centre, a bit in the shadows are the sports that are not generally recognised: the shooting of air guns, archery, badminton, taekvondo.
Always we will have success in the classic swimming style - and will probably rule for long.
But if I may appoint a special favourite, allow me to draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Even if they are jumping on the trampoline an Olympic sport since 2000, when they were first placed on the Olympics in Sydney, remains after 16 years of interventions the sport almost unnoticed - many people, which I asked, didn&apos;t even know that it&apos;s an Olympic sport.
It may be a regional indifference.
US never medal in not jumping on the trampoline, and up to 2012, none of the athletes didn&apos;t even get to the finals.
Prices in the male category are usually divided between China and Russia and in the female category between China and Canada.
This year will be the gold medal from London I&apos;m involved Dong Dong of China and Rosie MacLennanová from Canada.
Ski jumping on trampolines are but another smůluo, partly because it will be more of the uninitiated ear that seem more suited to clown college, before the Olympics.
I have to admit, I&apos;m not an expert, but the only enthusiast watching from the ground.
It has comic potential - comic vibe of endless fighting off - but also the grace of gymnastics and diving, two sports, which combines.
The word "trampoline" is derived from the Spanish "el trampolines", which means "diving board".
Aspiring champions are jumping on a giant trampoline, which is shooting up to nearly 10 feet and show the report with several elements (flips, screws and combinations of), before finally landing on his feet again.
According to the official Olympic program are judged by performance, difficulty and "time in the air".
In Rio, will compete against ?? athletes from 17 countries, the 16 men and 16 women.
The usual trajectory of the Olympic track is forward.
The warriors of the gold medals has to go further, faster and higher, sometimes to the death, sometimes back and forth, up and down.
He&apos;s trying to catch up with not only the tape or starting the wall, but as mentioned in the news media, also another imaginary line: world or Olympic record.
This unanimous effort is noble, admirable, a little fanatical - and sufficient to brought viewers to tears.
But to me, it&apos;s also somewhat exhausting when you&apos;re watching the Olympics.
Ski jumping on a trampoline in this regard provide relief.
The track athlete on the trampoline is upwards.
The rationale is not moving forward.
He or she is reflected, as if they were weightless as astronauts, flying up, then down, then up and down with no effort.
Without competition, and, of course, or the difficulty of it, but for the duration of the assembly of ferocious fighting, no target, no measuring distances, but just perfect, graceful suspension, time and gravity.
This is the closest to where the Olympics and zen approach.
Qualification and women&apos;s finals will be held on Friday afternoon, at 13: ?? Eastern time, the men&apos;s competition on Saturday, then at the same time.
The station NBC final will be broadcast in the afternoon block, which begins after two days in 14 hours.
In the middle of the Olympic madness promise a calm, pleasant moments that, despite other fights probably miss.
And if my attention only so that the male athletes will be the subject of ogling and manifestation - as according to the Wall Street Journal recently suggested the US gymnasts - then Logan Dooley only waiting for his new fans who are gasping for air.
"Protesters generation" in Ethiopia, many allies of the US
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia encountered violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses say that during the clashes with police were shot, many of the protesters.
There is war in Ethiopia?
In the past decade, it was one of the most stable nations in Africa, the Western alliance with the rapidly growing economy.
In the last few months but the country erupted in anti-government riots that spread to more areas.
Just last week, thousands of people took to the streets, who demand the fundamental political changes.
According to human rights organisations, the government response was ruthless.
Witnesses claim that police officers shot and killed the crowds of unarmed protestors.
In the videos of the protests, which are believed to be from late last year or early this year, they were members of the security forces, as hitting young people with sticks, after they were forced to stand against the wall on his hands.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It was always difficult to keep this country together and to move forward, it will be even harder", said Rashid Abdi, project leader Horn of Africa for the International Crisis Group research group.
Ethiopia is after Nigeria&apos;s second most populous nation in Africa, and its stability is supported by the West.
American military and intelligence services work closely with Ethiopians on eliminating the risk of a terrorist attack in the area, particularly in Somalia, and very few of the African countries, if any, receives such help from the West.
The economy of Ethiopia, it has developed an impressive pace.
Its infrastructure has improved significantly - in the capital city of Addis Ababa drive even a new commuter train.
And the streets are typically quiet, safe and clean.
Of course, Ethiopia can be hard as a role model for democracy - the organisations fighting for human rights talks incessantly about government repression - the opposition was suppressed in the country, dissidents effectively silenced.
Many of them were expelled, imprisoned, killed or driven away into the desert.
But that may be changing.
"When people enough and they have no choice but to protest, there is a break", said Seyoum Teshome, who lectures at the university of central Ethiopia.
Under protest, all the young people.
Under protest in a generation.
A complaint is many and relate to everything from disputes about land after the absolute control of power for the ruling coalition.
After last year&apos;s elections, which were widely criticised, the ruling party and its allies the last chair held by the opposition in Parliament, and now controls 100 percent.
It also increases the pressure on the Eritrean border. The conflict along the disputed border, this inaccurately marked in June has claimed hundreds of lives.
Anylitici worry that the separatist group in recent years, which have been more or less suppressed, as is Ogadenská Oromská Liberation Front or National Liberation Front, may try to take advantage of the confusion and rearm.
There are several factors that explain why now after years of smoldering under the surface, these bitter feelings again.
The first of these is the seemingly harmless: smart phones.
Many Ethiopians can communicate via social networks until the last few years, they became commonly available cheaper smart phones and to improve the provision of online services.
And even if the government ban on access to Facebook or Twitter, as it&apos;s normally going on particularly during the protests, many people can still communicate via the internet proxy, which hide the location of these people.
Several young Ethiopians spoke about how they were gathering to protest.
In addition, there is a greater solidarity between the Oromos and Amhary, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
Oromové and Amharové are not natural allies.
After a long ages Amharové, mainly from the Christian Ethiopia, excelled in politics and trade and use of Oromos, many of which are Muslims and live in lowland areas.
But that is also changing.
"We&apos;re on the way to a united leadership", said Oromů Mulatu Gemechu, leader.
The largest protests took place in areas populated by Amhary and Oromos.
Many Amharů Oromů and wrongly believes that Ethiopia is dominated by members of the ethnic Tigrajů, which make up around 6 percent of the population and controls the military, intelligence services, trade and politics.
A third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Zenawi, the former rebel leader, was Prime Minister for 17 years until his death in 2012, when not succumbed to the disease.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who was able to see around the corner.
Analysts say that particularly masterful ability to detect early signs of discontent and used ambassadors to opponents of the process and get on his side.
"The current regime lacks the basic knowledge", said Abdi, an analyst of the conflict.
The new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, Ethiopia was dragged out of relative obscurity to replace Zenawiho.
Unlike Zenawiho, who was from the area&apos;s own political provenance of northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam originates from the south.
Analysts argue that it does not have confidence in the security services controlled by Tigrejci.
Many are concerned that the outcome will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia has experienced such riots in 2005 after that, when thousands of people protesting what analysts call the election, which the government screwed up and then stole.
There was a hard hit, during which there were many protesters were killed - even if less than in recent months - and this period of unrest over relatively quickly.
The experts on the development for Ethiopia&apos;s leaders praised the visionary infrastructure planning, which is a new suburban train and measurable progress in fighting poverty.
Of course, it is quite clear that the gradual widening disputes inside the Ethiopian government to stop him.
And there is a dangerous ethnic shaping.
Last month, protesters in the city of Gondar amharském attacked company owned Tigrejci and resentment against Tigrejcům on social networks are becoming increasingly common.
Analysts say that the protests stop embarrassing the US and other Western allies.
The US government uses Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, though, recently stated that the base was closed.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, while at the same time doesn&apos;t want to be his ally in the already volatile area apart.
"That", said Abdi, "is a very sharp edge of the blade".
Donald Trump explains his statement about Obama and funding IS as "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump on Friday tried to downplay the latest controversy, which overflows with his campaign, claims he didn&apos;t mean it, when several times this week, insisted that the president Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State.
The explanation has raised new questions about the ability of the Republican candidate for President to speak clearly with the American public.
They&apos;re in an awkward situation as well as his supporters, who have it hard in the tumultuous time defending and explaining that his comments might mean.
Following this proposal at a meeting on Wednesday night, Trump statement on Thursday confirmed and in interviews, he insisted that he did not intend to say that the President and H. Clinton IS created.
Of course the contribution on Twitter on Friday morning, Trump said that he was only being sarcastic.
Grant was the opposite of the claim just one day old when Trump said in several interviews that his charges, on the other hand, serious.
When the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump comment to alleviate reminder that Obama seeks to destroy IS, the Republican candidate for president did not respond.
The latest storm comes at a time when Trump tried to focus his campaign on the economy, while his numbers in the polls are falling.
Trump and Clinton in Michigan this week took part in a duel on economic issues.
On Friday, Trump tried to return to this subject.
On Twitter, again warned that Clinton&apos;s proposals are associated with an increase in taxes, and stated that, according to her speech attitudes was boring.
Trump used the defence sarcasm before.
At the end of July, when they received a wave of criticism when he stepped out with the proposal that the Russians would have to penetrate to the e-mails Clinton, your remark later explained: "I am of course being sarcastic".
This approach allows Trump to push the boundaries of political statements and restrain them if necessary.
"I think it&apos;s his way of testing, the extent to which some reports have resonated with his supporters, to see how they respond, and according to the responses, then one way or another" clarification, "said Ruth Sherman, a communications specialist, who was watching the language used by both candidates.
Also, I think he is clever in its statements, and he knows that they are sufficiently vague to be explained in different ways.
Because the results of the polls in his favour to continue to fall, chose Trump in recent days even more mocking tone, instead of things to be said for the general electorate.
A new survey from NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, which was published on Friday, showed that Tump is a distant for Clinton in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and very close behind her in Florida.
Trump is trying to avoid so sorry for provocative statements which, he says, but often accuses his critics of incorrect interpretations of his words or misunderstood his sense of humor.
But along with that, as Trump in the final months of the presidential campaign is facing increased attention, claimed Trump&apos;s jokes in an awkward position, his devoted followers followed him, who must publicly state, whether they are his comments any way provocative.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former Mayor of the City of New York, which is one of the most prominent Trump supporters, must have a candidate on Thursday in an interview for CNN at length to defend.
"I believe that what he says is a legitimate political commentary", said Giuliani, when he was asked about the veracity of Trump&apos;s claims that Obama and Clinton founded ISIS.
That&apos;s true, in the sense that before Obama was almost unknown IS, a small organization that completely erroneously called. And it was because he withdrew their troops from Iraq.
Most of the current Republicans trying to argue that the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as Secretary of State, she allowed that IS flourished and couldn&apos;t handle the situation in the Middle East, aggressively.
Before pátečními gatherings in Pennsylvania Trump continue on Twitter around the media fire, chewing his every word and are biased against him.
He laughed at "poor, pathetic" television pundits, who tries to understand, and said: "You can&apos;t!"
Several Democrats face at Trump&apos;s apology, it&apos;s just further proof that he is unfit for the presidency.
The cafe had pushed the market price is now back in Greenpoint.
The Verb Cafe was a shabby place in Williamsburg, where you could just pay in cash, without Wi-Fi, but where the coffee was served for 15 years.
Naturally, it occurred that was on the front of the house on Bedford Avenue expelled.
Soap Cherie - trade, which is perceived to be replaced in the summer of 2014 - is selling soap in the shape of cupcakes.
Locals mourned as the last loss in the sprawling city.
An artist Molly Crabappleová wrote on Twitter: "New York is the change, I know, but I still can&apos;t believe he&apos;s dead, the hotel&apos;s Chelsea ransacked and the business is now perceived to be a soap".
But if New York change, then it is also defending.
Vzkříšené Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original place.
New Verb has wifi and accepts payment cards, but they work there some of the original staff and there is similar, unpretentious atmosphere.
Also, the coffee is still good.
Manager of the new Verbu is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the café, which is also the owner and managing director of the new place.
The Verb began in 2001 and stayed until the end.
When one of the customers offered to pay for the transfer to a new place, he said he would do it with pleasure.
Rodriguez (36), leaving a lot of things as they were.
Verb still has the same supplier pastries and bought the same model machines for espresso.
Even the lighting from the old Verbu used again.
Rodriguez said that, but wanted to try something new.
He began to use the new ingredients.
On offer are sandwich with ham, egg and cheese and toppingy, such as capers and fried onions.
It&apos;s also a bowl of brown rice.
The cafe has already serve beer, but you offer fresh fruit juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez saw the permanent influx of regulars.
"A number of the original customers from Williamsburg also had to move out because of the prices", he said.
Last Sunday, there was one of those customers, Rebecca Oliveira.
Mrs Oliveira (34) lived in Williamsburg and Verb Cafe was often.
She even then, when the cafe moved to Greenpoint.
She said that when perceived to be closed completely for a while, I stopped drinking coffee.
"I found out that what I like to do is coffee and Verbu in culture", she said.
Now again, drinking coffee, but in the day instead of his usual iced coffees she scrambled chai, other news.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime customer, goes to Verbu loyally since 2003.
He goes to work and always orders the same thing.
"In a quarter and eight in here every day, like clockwork, I&apos;ll come and prepare me for my bun with everything and with butter", he said.
Photo: Rodriguez said he wanted to try something new and to add to supply new ingredients.
Mr. Rosenthal to continue ordering what usually, but sometimes your bun with everything lets have bacon, eggs and ham.
Rodriguez said he is not sorry, that trade with soaps took his old place.
The truth is that the owners of the Soap Cherie offered him that, for perceived to make a special soap and as an additive used filter coffee from the cafe.
"I think we still could use", said Rodriguez.
Also, the traditional Polish residents of Greenpoint café well received.
One of the new customers offer translated into Polish, and Rodriguez said he wants to find a place to expose her soon, to his new neighbors feel at home.
The new place has other advantages.
The local fruit juice manufacturer wants to bottle and sell filtered coffee.
It offers the possibility to cafe has spread to a neighbouring building.
Many customers, it is sufficient that the recovered his old favorite.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and when the cafe closed, said it broke his heart.
Mr. Whitt says that when the cafe opened, come in and have coffee is like coming home.
"I missed the smell", he said.
Depressing food from the time of the crisis - the "Square Meal"
Shortly after taking office in March 1933, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sitting in the Oval Office and had lunch.
A real President Roosevelt enjoyed at selected dishes from 5th Avenue as the foie gras pâté and Maryland turtle soup.
His menu for that day but was more modest: eggs on the diabolical way in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes, and for dessert, a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with people who have suffered", said Jane Ziegelmanová.
Her husband Andrew Coe added: "It was also a message to the Americans, as they have to eat".
A couple who lives in Brooklyn Heights, is devoted to the gastronomic history.
The last book Andrew Coe&apos;s "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Jane in his book "97 Orchard", tells the life story of an apartment house on the Lower East Side through food.
Their new joint work "A Square Meal", published on Tuesday by Harper, it is the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
We showed solidarity and cooking with a reporter Eisenbergově gathered for dinner in a sandwich shop, a small no-frills buffet in the Flatiron district, which is in operation from the time of the crisis, since 1929.
Jane (54) ordered a cream cheese and jelly sandwich with chopped olives, Andrew (57) put the turkey, mashed potatoes and mushy vegetables.
The reporter ordered a burger, which, according to a pair of perfectly matched conversation about food during a crisis.
"Meatballs were very popular", said Miss Ziegelmanová.
He sold the peanut, liverwurst and bean burger.
They were made from the ingredients and other cheap food, which ingredient set.
Imagine the amount of peanuts, which you&apos;d have to eat for dinner.
Andrew Coe grinned.
"They would have you in the stomach like lead", he said.
In the years before the crisis was American cuisine, especially in rural areas, with buffet eat what you eat.
Teams of women to cook for the workers from the farm, and for breakfast, lunch and dinner are served fresh baked pie.
They were Americans who send food to the starving Europeans during the First World War. "And Square Meal" pursues ways to people about that, all of a sudden, it was not the land of plenty.
"It was a time when the food centre, a worrisome point for the American people", said Coe to explain why he and his wife decided to write about it.
It is feared the new budgetary diet: Has the mystery of food, such as burgers and meals from pans, saucepan as "an amazing way to use leftovers", she said, because the cooks could hide Ziegelmanová unaesthetic ingredients under the layer of creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat - for years the central section of the American food - happened economically assigned to luxury.
Strange mix, which should serve as a calorie and nutrition panel, should take precedence over taste or even common sense in cooking.
During the research for the book, which contains recipes, Ms. Ziegelmanová prepared dobové food from an onion stuffed with peanut butter.
"It wasn&apos;t a popular addition on the dinner table", said Andrew Coe.
Jane Ziegelmanová stressed: "It was surreal".
Peanut butter with roast onions don&apos;t go together.
It was typical of a lot of home recipes.
Now, as never before and never again, domestic economists - among them Louise Stanley, the resort for the domestic economy in the years 1923 to 1943 - followed the eating habits of the country.
Uveřejňovali recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, called for women to take over the reins of the budget, and mash, such as creamy pasta with carrots, turn to taste food.
The book "A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical tidbits.
First cake arose in response to the government its hungry citizens, like pose President Herbert Hoover "I&apos;ll have the pie".
While publicly praised simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of her childhood, dined like the millionaire he became.
"I like to eat continental cuisine such as fish with cucumber sauce", said Andrew Coe.
He ate in almost vyzlacené room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was incredibly old fashioned.
President Roosevelt would probably have made the same mistake, if his wife Eleanor, prompting him to set an example with his own stomach.
As the book says, Mrs. Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who wasn&apos;t interested in the taste at all. As a result, the White House "not only was almost to the food throughout the Washington, D.C., but also by nejneutěšenějším way ready".
Many eating habits from the crisis resolved, as soon as the country is back on its feet.
The link remained in our constant examination of the calories and nutritional values, says Ms Ziegelmanová, and in the manner in which the science is applied to cooking.
Some say that, during the writing of the book to better understand the eating habits of the mother of Miss Ziegelmanové - must be why couldn&apos;t throw out food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food", said Andrew Coe.
Ziegelmanová reminded: "People were sick of it".
There was an accident with the Sugar Puffs.
When they were in Eisenberg clean tables, she and Mr. Coe out dessert, which prepare at home: plum dessert that President Roosevelt had eaten for lunch.
"It&apos;s called Ziegelmanová plum cream", she said, and added that the usual trick was to give modest recipes elegant names.
There was no cream, just plums, a bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Each reluctantly plunged a spoon into the thick brown stuff.
Surprisingly, it was wrong.
Andrew Coe added, and then once more.
And like a good treasurer told his wife: "I could use a little strands of walnuts".
Europeans: Migrants are coming for benefits.
Most of the refugees coming to Europe, coming for economic reasons.
Young Russians make fun of themselves.
So this would be the TV shows, if we did we.
A group of Russian artists, called 2D Among Us, makes fun of his native country.
Using Photoshop creates collages that funny show, how would it look if the famous TV shows and movies filmed in Russia.
Gilead is entitled to a reimbursement of the cost of legal representation in the case of the patent against hepatitis C against group Merck
A district judge ruled that the company Gilead Sciences Inc. is entitled to a reimbursement of the fees for lawyers, in the process on the patent against hepatitis C against drug manufacturers Merck &amp; Co Inc.
In June was cancelled, judgment, according to which had the Gilead to pay 200 million for damages for infringement of two patents Merck in the context of the very successful drug company Gilead, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a federal judge found repeatedly illegal conduct on the part of the company Merck, but a lie under oath and other unethical practices.
Federal Judge Beth Labson Freeman to file on Thursday noted that Gilead is entitled to a waiver of fees, incurred in connection with representation in the case.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for a new generation of medicines against hepatitis C, which can cure more than 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
The case dates from 2013, when Gilead and Merck against each other and argued that they are the owner of basic laboratory research for sofosbuvir, active ingredient drugs from Gilead.
Americans supported by military units, that have gained full control of the city Manbídž
Military units supported by the US, have gained full control of the northern city of Manbídž, close to the border with Turkey, after the last of the fighters of the Islamic State from the city have fled, said on Friday, spokesman for the group.
Syrian democratic forces (SDF) now combing the city after the departure of the rest of the group of radicals, who were hiding in the city.
Troops freed over 2 000 civilians, which militants were holding, he said to Reuters Sharfan Darwish of Manbídže SDF alliance and military advice.
"The city is now fully under our control, but we&apos;re searching it", he said to Reuters.
Clinton in 2015 earned $10.75 million and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 per cent
Hillary Clinton on Friday published their tax returns for the year 2015, in which it is stated that the presidential candidate for the Democrats and her husband were in a given year, revenue of $10.75 million and took real tax of 34.2 percent.
Clinton in 2015 gave $1 million to charity, mostly to the Clinton Foundation (Clinton Foundation) Former President Bill Clinton has... the common register the amount of almost $5.3 million in fees for lectures, and former Secretary of State said income in the amount of $3 million from publisher Simon &amp; Schuster for his book about his tenure at the State Department.
Clinton&apos;s running mate, U.S. Senator Tim Kane from the State of Virginia, along with his wife Anne Holtonovou published tax returns for 10 years.
Those in 2015 paid a real tax of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Cain remains a model of financial transparency", she said in a statement, Jennifer Palmieri, which Clinton helped with the campaign.
By contrast, Donald Trump&apos;s hiding behind fake excuses and is stepping back from its earlier promises that their tax returns public.
It is customary for presidential candidates the US publish their tax returns, even if the law does not require.
Trump, a businessman from New York, and his lawyers cited the U.S. Treasury Department Ministerstav tax audit as the reason for his refusal to release tax returns.
"Your move", said the aide to Hillary Clinton&apos;s campaign on Twitter and follow up on the tax returns demokratské candidates.
Michael Cohen, Trump&apos;s special counsel, told CNN on Thursday that Trump would dare to publish tax returns, until the audits completed.
According to Trump&apos;s critics, including a Republican candidate for president in 2012, Mitt Romney and the other members of the Republican party, agree that his refusal raises questions about his net income, contributions to charity, business transactions and various other relations, including relations with Russia.
Clinton is strong on the issue and on Friday published a video in which recalls how high-ranking republikání on Trump insist that their tax returns published.
On Thursday, the question mentioned in his speech to the economic issues in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what they did all the other candidates for the presidency for decades - should publish their tax returns", she said in front of people.
The Politico reported that Trump, in the last two years 90 years paid no or very low taxes, and columnist of the New York Times quoted a number of tax consultants and accountants, who claim it is it can be in the present.
The rates of federal taxes have become the theme in the choice of President.
Clinton promotes the rule named for billionaire Warren Bufettovi, which would ensure that all who have a year they earn more than $1 million, will pay a tax of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supports.
Last week Buffett Clinton at a rally in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffetův conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway, invited Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffett said he also passed the audit the IRS and that Trump is "afraid", but the voters.
Clinton&apos;s campaign published tax returns back to 2007.
Clinton, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, on average, in the years 2007 to 2014, paid a federal tax on average of 32 percent and the combined tax of approximately 40.5 percent.
The Clintons&apos; tax return for the year 2015, shows that unlike most Americans, in their income in wages for only $100.
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, from which Clinton claimed income on dividends and interest in the amount of $109,000.
In other news, Kevin Drawbaugh, Jonathan Oatis
Condoms filled with chilli or fireworks for the protection of elephants in Tanzania
Conservationists in Tanzania using unorthodox way to prevent elephants in walking into people&apos;s homes - throws at them condoms filled with powder from the chilli.
This procedure has proved its worth and Honeyguide Foundation, who came up with the idea several years ago, along with the American environmental organisation The Nature Conservancy this procedure is promoting and training volunteers in villages in the north of Tanzania, as with this nonviolent action in four steps to protect their homes and crops, without harming the animals.
Many of them previously used in his defense.
Friday&apos;s world day of elephants, which is dedicated to the protection of these animals.
"Since he&apos;s developed this... a set of instruments, we have seen a change of behaviour in these communities, people take much more, they believe that they can keep the elephants away from their fields, without hurting them", said the executive director of the Honeyguide Foundation Damian Bell, in a statement.
The first and the second step is a passing elephant shine the flashlight and run a car horn.
If it doesn&apos;t, it comes to blowing up the so-called "cloud of chili".
Chilli powder mixed with salt together with bloop, wrapped in a condom, its end is knot so that it was only the wick.
After launch, the condom burst and a fine powder sprayed into the air from the chilli.
Usually one whiff and elephant goes in another direction.
The last option is to launch fireworks, a loud, clear explosion.
The Jewish director leaned back in his Berlin hotel for having removed the code for the call to Israel to "request" Arabs - RT News
The French film director of Jewish origin has caused a stir in the media after he found out that the Kempinski Hotel Bristol Berlin does not have the code for the call to Israel, in the words of the staff on the basis of a &apos;requirement&apos; Arab clients.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of the documentary film about the Holocaust, "Shoah", vented his frustration from the Kempinski Hotel Bristol Berlin in an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During their recent stay, Lanzmann trying to find Israel in the list of codes for the call at the hotel.
The state, however, was not included among the countries, in which it is possible to call directly from the room.
How is it possible that in 2016 he was in Berlin, capital of Germany, Israel removed and deleted?
Lanzmann wrote.
Hotel Kempinski Bristol instead offers the possibility of a call to Israel over its own call centre.
The director was looking for an explanation and the issue looked at hotel reception.
The answer he received, in his words, "Lanzmanna shocked".
A worker at the hotel said that the measure was "taken to the discretion of the management company Kempinski Hotels".
The reason for this step, the director even more incensed.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that Israel call code was erased", Lanzmann quoted employees in his letter.
According to Suddeutsche Zeitung, Israel&apos;s ambassador in Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman has called the case "a disgrace".
The event we were horrified and shocked.
In itself it&apos;s a huge shame.
The fact that, to something that took place in Germany, and in such a hotel chain, is an even bigger disgrace.
Another explanation is not needed.
We expect the hotel will draw the right conclusions, "he said.
The incident has provoked a strong reaction online, people called it outrageous.
Some believe that the hotel Kempinski is simply "lost" in the requirements of Arab customers.
"Shame on you", states in another contribution, which points out that the hotel, which is located in the noble Kurfurstendamm Street, stands near the synagogue.
According to Spiegel the hotel quickly dismissed any accusation that the event as "an oversight" and Lanzmanovi to "apologize".
"He was never issued a direct order" not to include Israel in the list of codes for the call, citing Suddeutsche Zeitung representative hotel Kempinski.
It adds that the code for the call was added to the list.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters, Brazilian students
The clash between students and police in the Brazilian San Paul on Thursday, when the students gathered at the demonstration against the government&apos;s reforms in the public education system.
The police protesters had used tear gas and rubber bullets.
The problem is escalating, as the government civil service tried to disperse the students, which ended with the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
The demonstration was attended by several hundred students in order to express their concerns about the plans.
Among the proposals the governor of the State of São Paulo Gerald Alckmina in order to save money is also the conclusion of almost hundreds of public schools and the relocation of 300 000 students.
Some of the participants in the demonstration, it was possible to see the graffiti spray-painted on the wall against interim President Michel Temerovi.
The latest protest comes just days after the protesters set off en masse in the streets in support of the deposed President Dilma Rousseff, when the country held its prosecution.
Trade between Russia and Iran grew by 71% - RT Business
According to the Russian ambassador in Iran Levana Dzhagaryana increased after the lifting of sanctions between Moscow and Tehran, turnover in the year-to-year comparison of 70.9 percent.
As ambassador, since international sanctions were lifted against Iran, there has been an increase in interest from Russian companies in the country.
Russian companies renewing existing ties with Iran, while new companies are ready to enter the market.
Further expansion of trade is of course one of the main priorities of the bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016 the trade turnover between Russia and Iran rose by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to $856 million.
In particular, Russia&apos;s exports to Iran jumped 91.5 percent and amounted to $697 million.
The Russian import from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
A spike in trade to ensure the supply of machinery, equipment, land vehicles and weapons, "said the ambassador.
Dzhagaryan also expects that Russia will visit this year a record number of tourists from Iran.
In the past year the Russian diplomatic mission in Iran has issued to citizens of Iran about 35 000 visas, mostly travel.
Moreover, Iran is, for the first time, was among the top 20 countries according to the number of tourists who come to Russia.
Safely, it can be said that a record number of tourists from Iran in Russia from last year will be overcome, "he said.
At the same time, Iran goes to a relatively small number of Russians. Ambassador hopes that things change here.
"Personally, I can recommend a visit cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where they are in a good state of surviving relics of ancient Persian civilization", he said.
Scot Callum Skinner rushing home after the Brits get gold in cycling
Callum Skinner from Scotland stepped into the hall of fame last night in the men&apos;s team sprint in the velodrome in Rio, when a trio of VB team defend the title from London 2012.
One ??-year-old native of Glasgow was in the role of the brakes, which took the Scot Sir Chris Hoy, and the young man made the legend when it came to target and stole victory from the hands of the favored New Zealand.
Britain four years ago surprisingly won and Hoy won the fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And the same trick again after modest sixth on the world cycling in the Championship in March, although Hoy, meanwhile, ended his career.
The problem between Beijing and London was to pay for the specialist initial racer Jamie Staffa.
Hindes is thus discovered just in time.
After leaving Hoye is also vacant, which tried to fill Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton.
Skinner was a man of British coaches and search for potential has now been confirmed.
Hindes, Kenny - who was with Hoye champion four years ago - and with Skinner achieved the Olympic record in qualification, but the leotard took over in the first round of the New Zealand.
And the British trio won gold in the team sprint.
Hindes was after his round, slightly behind, but Kenny team pushed forward and Skinner&apos;s leadership.
The strategy was a big part of the transition, when Hindes was riding higher transfer, to slow down and allow Kenny and Skinner, to keep pace.
Hoy race watched from his position and the BBC commentator when Skinner, Hindes and Kenny stepped out on the stage, his eyes off them.
One ??-year-old Skinner, a native of Glasgow, said: "It&apos;s flattering comparison".
I&apos;m here to get the best of me, and to his name.
We have created an Olympic record in the finals and we beat the best.
It was just unbelievable.
There is no better way to win it.
After the triumph of beside Kenny and Hoye in London in 2012, Hindes admitted that on purpose after a weak start, fell to the track.
A flag later withdrew and rivals Britain had no opportunity to appeal.
This time around this victory to any such problem.
Hindes said: "With all the British flags in the stands, I&apos;ve felt like in London".
In the last three months, we all as a team together.
We lost in many of the world&apos;s plants, so again to win the Olympics is just amazing.
It&apos;s one event, one gold medal for the nation, who won seven out of ?? competitions in Beijing and in London.
If this is an indicator of progress over the past five months, then us at the stadium waiting for the successful five days.
With the form that Kenny did, it&apos;s not inconceivable that Hoyův repeated success and won three gold medals in one Olympics at the same time.
It would then be for Kenny - who exactly is on the day, 12 years younger than Hoy, also has a birthday on 23 March (this date seems to be for British sport, sacred in this day&apos;s birthday also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - meant a total of six gold and one silver medal.
Anyway, how many get Hoy.
As another Kenny will take part in the sprint, which starts today and will last for the next three days.
Twenty-eight-year-old native from Bolton said: "Now I&apos;m enjoying this.
Team race is always the best.
You win, along with the other.
To be honest, winning for himself is a little lonely.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should get a knighthood".
That was the only medailový race that day, but Britain had even more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull have qualified as fastest in your race to four kilometres.
They finished with a time of 3: 51.943.
World record, who died in London in 2012, it&apos;s 3: 51.659.
The first round and the final (22: 42) to be held in today&apos;s second day of the race, which is surely on Wiggins.
Yesterday, before the qualifying race with Commissioner, when umpire called on to measure the height.
In a similar race of women, which continues and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shandová, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie world record with a time of 4: 13.260.
Team VB relied on his strong team track cycling and dominated the middle period of the Olympic Games and won a lot of medals.
After a really exceptional performance, demonstrating the utter domination in Beijing and in London, during the preparations for the Rio expectations lowered.
The background to the dramatic events, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April because of allegations of sexism and discrimination, and the end of the career of greats such as Hoy or Victoria Pendleton.
However, as evidenced by the first night race at the velodrome, it appears that the legendary reputation, that team Great Britain can bring peak power with perfect timing, could be once again.
The uncertain future of the smelter in Portland after termination of a contract for the supply of energy
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - and the jobs of hundreds of workers - is uncertain because of the power plant, which supplies electricity and the company informed of the intention to one of the owners of a smelter in a contract for the supply of electricity to end. It is expected that all the contracts for the supply of electricity will be shortened.
The move comes after the state government of Victoria earlier this year decided to extend the provision of subsidies, which are kept in business.
The fixed ??-year subsidy expires in November.
In undertaking Alcoa Portland may be at risk to 2000 jobs.
When closing may be at risk to 2000 jobs - direct or indirect.
And because the smelter consumes about 10 percent of the total electricity produced in Victoria, there may be more lavinovitým impacts.
Alcoa smelter closed in 2014 Point Henry, which last year led to the Anglesea power station closed.
Tavírna Alcoa in Portland&apos;s financial ruin and is in danger of closing.
The move comes after years of speculation about the future of the company, initially in response to the strong Australian dollar and recently because of prices for the production plant.
AGL, which large smelting supplies power from the Loy Yang A power station in the Latrobe Valley, said she expects that any of the three other owners also decides to terminate the contract.
Its majority owner of the plant is a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, small shares are held by the Chinese company CITIC, and Japan&apos;s Marubeni Corp.
"AGL expects that Portland race will continue to work, in other words, therefore, that vyzická electricity demand from the smelter will continue", she said.
AGL has argued that the contracts are so-called "reinsurance contract &apos;, which should come into force from November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month notice period, so actually their validity expires in 2017.
"AGL still assumes that the contract will be to participate in profit for the fiscal year 2017", said the power plant.
Any possible impact on the profits of the AGL from fiscal 2018 onwards is currently limited, thanks to strong commodity market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL indicated that the already written down value contracts based on their books amounting to $187 million "in the event that the ukončoení occurred".
Alcoa said that the decision to end the contract "has no impact on its ability to operate the mill or to secure the supply of electricity to the chop shop".
The American company said that in 2010, it concluded with Loy Yang account for 20 years, which should apply from November of this year, although it has yet to explain why, from a contract.
Analysts are very careful about the possible closure of the Portland smelter in Victoria and Tomago plant near Newcastle as a result of the weak economy in the sector.
The operation of the AGL Stehpen Mikkelsen, who at the beginning of this week turned to the analysts, said that Portland a year consumes around 600 megawatts of electricity and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
If these two had withdrawn from the market, it would mean a substantial reduction in demand on the market [electricity].
For us as a producer if it wasn&apos;t good, "he said.
Kendall is not only the star of the reality TV show the Kardashians - now it&apos;s cover of September Vogue
Kendall Jenner (20 ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??), a model and the fourth daughter matky-manažerky clan Kris Kardashian-Jennerová, appeared on the cover of the September issue of US Vogue magazine.
Kendall, Estee Lauder brand ambassador, who was on the fashion weeku in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news Thursday on its account on Instagram.
"In a room full of people, which I love, I&apos;m looking at this front page wants to cry", Kendall wrote.
The front page was followed by a bizarre (or simply the continuation and robbers in the administration of the Kardashians?) staged video, in which the whole family Kardashianových-Jennerových (bar punks Rob and Caitly and with them all the favorite uncle of show business, the producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest). For the cover her sister&apos;s forgotten, only to end up a conventional scene: preparing a secret party.
It&apos;s a tired storyline almost every "birthday" of children&apos;s TV show (Seacrest says: "Did you think we forgot about you? &apos;with honesty cartoon rabbit on the show at ?: ?? in the morning), but Kris somehow needed to ensure that the other girls on this publicity could capitalize.
Because when we look at the September issue of Vogue, we have entered a new era of the Kardashians.
Older sister Kim maybe Kendall on the cover of Vogue (and was pushed on it together with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but titulka the September issue of the magazine is in another league.
The September issue of Vogue magazine&apos;s best-selling number throughout the year.
The issue with his size, which looks more like a book than a fashion magazine for advertising purposes, attracts a range of advertisers (Fashionista counted, that of the 832 parties in last year&apos;s edition was 615 pages with advertising content).
The star, who appeared on the front page, is eagerly anticipated, so it&apos;s no wonder that, in the past two years, the magazine images leaked before its official publication.
Among the women who appeared on the cover in the past, include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evandelista or Kate Moss.
In recent years, the front page was certainly more "celebrities that make the models" than "models, which are celebrities".
Jennifer Lawrence, winner of an Oscar and Dior brand ambassador, appeared on the cover in 2013, a year later, had the honour of Lagy Gaga.
But even if it is very unlikely that Kendall - which the magazine describes as "a groundbreaking model" of her generation - falls into the first category, it will be in very good company.
These celebrities are not related to known people, not stars real estate show, or the kids of today, they know how to do well edited video (even if Jenner is all of this).
They are demonstrably talented women who excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyoncé, which appeared on the front page of the last year, had one of the strongest years in his career thanks to the release of the album Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is thrilled with the success of the Jenner&apos;s.
Her position in the world of fashion will always be difficult for her to participate in a reality show.
Stephanie Seymorová, the original Victoria&apos;s Secret model in June criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadidovou and called them "whores of the moment".
These feelings erupted again with the news that Jenner appears on the cover of Vogue.
But this discontent is not in place.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She&apos;s a supermodel in the true sense of the word.
She&apos;s showing for Marc Jacobs.
He sells you make up from Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters you are selling photos of themselves on their own paywallech.
She sells photos of Cindy Crawford&apos;s daughter, which the photos for the magazine LOVE.
And in your off-time is working on a reality show, maybe only as one of the ways to see Kourtney and her children.
Komunitní centra legal aid per year, 160 000 people refuse
More than 160,000 of the most vulnerable citizens is every year in community centres and refused legal aid in the sector itself are about the impact that will have further restriction of funds to the already extremely busy services.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly people, immigrants, workers, victims of violence and people without the financial means to fight unfair eviction and the like - are already in denial, looking for free legal assistance and representation.
The community legal services, which are already strained to the breaking point, they&apos;re going to further cuts.
From June next year, these centres legal assistance they will lose another 30 percent of the federal government.
The community centres legal aid in Queensladu James Farrell said that, according to the latest summary report, the National Association of community legal centres, it was found that annually is rejected five thousand people.
Mr. Farrell said that, without the annulment of the decision of the federal government, the situation will only get worse.
"Community clubs legal assistance in Queensland are chronically underfunded, which means that thousands of people are denied vital services that they need", he said.
People who escaped from relations with the rapist, people with excessive debts and disabling, families passing through separation, workers who are unfairly dismissed - all these people have problems with legal dimensions and this report shows that they have no chance to get the help they need.
The federal government from June 2017 will reduce funding by 30 percent, which will lead to thousands more vulnerable people from Queensland will have to navigate the complex legal problems without help.
We are calling on the prosecutor, and Queensland senator George Brandise to immediately stop this reduction in finance, for people to get the help they need, when they get into legal problems.
In the past year the government of the state by its commitment to provide funding for legal assistance, up to the national average.
Now is the time to look at the needs of the community centers, legal aid and community of their clients and Palaszczukova government must invest in this important work.
Action on the campaign of Donald Trump, after a member of staff allegedly pointed his gun
New York: The campaign Donald Trump was sued for alleged inaction after what they had been told that the director of operations in North Carolina in February, pointed a weapon at a member of staff while driving a jeep.
The incident was described in the court file, which on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte gave Vincent Bordini, formerly a software trainer campaigns in the state.
Bordini said he had been waiting months for it, that the situation is resolved internally, than came to the conclusion that the "not".
The Director Earl Phillip, "suggested fingers gun, his right index finger on the trigger and aimed the barrel Vincent Bordini to kneecap", stated in the application.
The file states that Bordini after complaints by local and regional leadership campaign found that at least four other people have experienced the same thing with Phillip.
"Guns do not need shoot to cause damage", said Bordini in action.
The action comes just two days after the Republican candidate for president has caused an uproar, when voters in North Carolina said they might take action that owners and holders of weapons (which in the US is regulated in the Second Amendment to the Constitution), if his rival Hillary Clinton elected, and will be able to nominate a judge.
Trump&apos;s campaign says that the media his words out of context and that Trump advocated violence.
Bordini in action asks the campaign compensation for negligent supervision and from Phillip for threats to personal safety, unlawful use of violence and the infliction of emotional distress.
Trump&apos;s spokeswoman Hope Hicks to report did not respond immediately to requests for comment.
Attempts to obtain comment from Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB News, the local branch in the city of Charlotte, announced that Phillip left the campaign recently.
A phone call to his consultancy company Innovative Consulting Services no one within a short period of time.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump&apos;s controversial campaign.
The case Bordini versus Donald J. Trump For President, Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, the Superior Court Division of Mecklenburg County (Charlotte).
Britain must continue to spread the Olympic spirit and expanzovat Heathrow
Heathrow will also be a source of renewal and prosperity not just for our local community and across London, but across the country.
For me, Heathrow is a huge way attractive, just as London was 2012, when we made exceptional efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions will be able to benefit from the Olympic games.
The Olympic Games were a huge benefit for the East End and Stratford.
And we&apos;ll do it again, so that we create opportunities for local people and businesses in the vicinity of Heathrow.
Just for our local community výučních creating 10,000 new jobs, 40,000 new jobs and end youth unemployment around the airport.
Just like before the London Olympics in 2012, even here there are those who will think that expanding Heathrow is too big.
I was told that Britain will never be ready for the Olympic Games and that on the world stage, ridiculous.
Doubters were wrong in 2012 and even in the case of Heathrow, it turns out that they were wrong.
He will always be the envelope, but Heathrow will be able to answer every question, which concerns it.
Just like the Olympic Games, is Heathrow infrastructure project, which involved many people and companies, not just a few.
The extension is an opportunity to create 180 000 new jobs, economic growth of £211 billion, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both in the vicinity of the airport, in the whole of Great Britain.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which in term and have a set budget introduced a programme of infrastructure investment for £11 billion, from terminal T5 - who was selected as the best terminal in the world five years in a row, after the terminal T2, which was built between two ranvejemi roughest in the world.
Now they are ready to add a third runway, which is worth £16 billion of private investment.
The games in London in 2012 were a huge success for Great Britain, and I am convinced that expanding Heathrow will be too.
It&apos;s time for us to spread the spirit of the Olympic Games and expand Heathrow, to secure business for the future and leave the heritage of skills and employment, to which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is the Chairman of the Board of Directors and former undersecretary for the business of the Ministry of Finance.
Adblock Plus - Facebook in the game of cat and mouse in blocking ads
From attempts to circumvent ad blocking programs, to online marketing companies, which earn, has become a game of cat and mouse. At least it maintains one of the companies, that such software programmed.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that he will block advertising filters on its desktop website, Adblock Plus has published on its website, which states that, in the users can update the filters in their programme and again to block advertising on the social network.
Facebook on Tuesday claimed that its desktop website coding changes around the commercials, filters for advertising to be more complicated to figure out which parts of the website are advertising.
Adblock but now argues that the new codes already.
The Speaker Adblocku Ben Williams into the blog, he wrote that "this kind of war between the open source community blocking ads, and those who are trying to circumvent, ever since it was invented by blocking ads", and that Facebook is likely to come with its own correction.
The fact that the company owning the largest social network in the world to war involved, just goes to show how big the problem with blocking ads for industry.
According to the study, carried out last year, Adobe and Pagefair bedside is used all over the world filters advertising around 200 million people - almost four times higher than it was in 2013.
Mobile advertising is now at 84 percent of the profits from advertising on Facebook, every day Facebook from mobile devices will visit 1.03 billion active users.
The spokesman said that the company is of course against advertising filters SMTP, because mobile advertising on the mobile app filters for the social network and Instagram don&apos;t work.
Advertisements for SMTP still represent profits so high, that Facebook has decided to invest in it.
Facebook also said on Tuesday that it will update the instrument for the &apos;set&apos; advertising &apos; (ad preferences), in order to give people the opportunity to better control how their ads are displayed.
On Thursday, Facebook said that the new filters Adblocku is concerned, because the site may also block content that has nothing to do with advertising.
"For people it&apos;s not a pleasant experience and we want to solve this problem", the Facebook spokesperson said in an email statement.
Blocking ads is a blunt tool, and that is why we prefer to focus on building tools, such as Ad Preferences, which can control the people.
A woman was hit by a car, the Swiss motorway
The victim was lying on the highway in the middle of the night.
Police are seeking witnesses to the event, which on Thursday was on the motorway in the early hours of this morning, several cars run over a woman who most likely attempted to commit suicide.
The accident occurred on the A1 motorway near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight Thursday.
The police in Vaud in a statement indicated that the female lead "desperate" lay in the dark on the road and run over it a few cars.
It is clear that the victim, a woman aged 49, wanted to kill herself and she was hit by several cars, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Several drivers had already been heard, but the police still were not all identified. The police invites these drivers and all the others who were witnesses to the accident to come forward.
It was open a criminal investigation, "logical" step in a situation like this, he said to Le Tribune de Geneve lawyer Gilles Hofstetter.
It is still necessary to find out whether any of the participating drivers will face any charges.
It was possible to impact to prevent?
This applicant must find out, "said Hofstetter.
On the basis of two similar cases from the past five years, it appears that the driver will not be held accountable.
In both cases - one of which was a person walking on the motorway - it was decided that motorists can expect pedestrians, who in the middle of the night passes highway, the newspaper reported.
Last year was a female police officer relieved of charges for negligent homicide after the night in August 2014, knocked down and killed a man who was lying on the A1 motorway near Paynerne.
The court heard that the victim was drinking alcohol at the age of 22, and on the road.
The court found that the police officer who responded to the emergency call - went in a proportionate way, and that the presence of the man on the street was "quite exceptional and unforeseeable situation", said the judge.
Anyone with information about Thursday&apos;s incident, which occurred in Morges, should apply to the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 44 44.
Tolerant city.
Prague is a popular destination for the LGBT community.
The Association of Czech travel agents and agencies (AČCKA) expects that, in the context of the Prague Pride to Prague comes up to 20 visitors.
On Friday it said CEO AČCKA Kateřina Petříčková.
The sixth annual Prague Pride began on 8 August, the festival brings life to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT).
Last year the event attracted about 35 people.
&quot;Prague is one of the most popular destinations for the LGBT community, and for the high level of tolerance and a broad range of specialized companies,&quot; stated Petříčková.
According to the survey&apos;s organisers spend foreign visitors to the festival in the average daily 3100 kroner per person.
Gay tourists are to support their travel available a special map of Prague with a complete list of Prague&apos;s gay and gay-friendly bars, clubs, cafes and restaurants in the form of mobile applications, etc.
&quot;For tourism, in general, the LGBT clientele is very lucrative, interested in holidays at higher prices with a high standard of travel and spend more than others,&quot; she told Petříčková.
Under the programme, the festival is being held this year and the first Pride Tourism Symposium.
On it the experts from the sector LGBT tourism from Europe, the US and China.
The festival continues until Sunday 14 August.
The main theme this year is love, but the event will also tackle a number of thematic areas, which are the family, the prevention of AIDS and transgenderová issue.
The highlight of the festival will be on Saturday, the traditional parade with allegorical wagons, which goes from Wenceslas Square on the rounds.
The parade, which in past years will honor this year, thousands of people took part in a minute&apos;s silence in memory of the June attack at a nightclub in Orlando, where the assailant shot and killed 49 people, mostly gay men.
Tweedledee and Tweedledumpy celebrates ?? years.
Tweedledee and Tweedledumpy Neodraditelní hobbyists, whose effort usually ends in disaster, like small and large audiences in forty years.
The pilot episode of this večerníčkového show director Lubomír Beneš premiered on August 12, 1976.
For the emergence of this animated series, which is now known to audiences in more than ??? countries around the world, were cartoons of the artist and director Lubomír Beneš, which made up for a magazine with two DIY masters Ouholíčkem and Sedlecem.
Beneš then invited to work as script editor George Kubíčka and artist Vladimir Kuťáci Jiránka and together, they made the movie.
Today&apos;s form of the yellow and red shirt and beret and Liverpool were given figures in 1979, when he started in the Prague film series created for the Slovak television.
The names and wax then tinkerers got in 1985, and this time was no longer directly for Short film Praha.
In 1990, he founded his own studio - an animated film of the AIF Studio in Prague and Zurich, where were the other parts.
After his death in 1995, continued other parts with other creators, many of them involved Benes&apos;s son Mark.
There are currently over ?? episodes with stories of these from Case Hardware, which all mixed up...... but never angry at each other and are always full of optimism, ideas and do-it-yourself enthusiasm and eventually are satisfied with her work, which there are known gesture &quot;... and that&apos;s it!&quot;.
Tweedledee and Tweedledumpy have even moved from television screens in books, on DVD and in theaters and figures or more toys with an image of Pat and Mata are hit every toy store.
Fairy tale for Fiji and for a two-year-old Harmony.
End of the week is a fairy tales, we&apos;ve chosen one for you and one of his sporting life.
Both have a good ending.
So let&apos;s see.
Fiji reached the historic success.
What is the reason for the joy of the entire country?
A two-year-old British girl has the same friend and is happy with her.
And for the things most people spend at airports?
It&apos;s Friday&apos;s list of the world&apos;s Web sites.
The first medal of the Olympics.
Historical success celebrates island state of Fiji.
The rugby selection of this archipelago defeated in the final of the Olympic tournament sedmičkového rugby team Great Britain.
It&apos;s the first ever medal, which for Fiji at the Olympics.
Waiting for the profit of the first precious metal, it took them sixty years from deployment, the first trip to the Olympic Games.
Great credit to the success of the coach of Fiji.
However, it is ironic that it is the Brit Ben Ryan.
The team leads since 2013 and after the finale as a British citizen could be unlike his compatriots happy.
&quot;Let&apos;s play freely and easily, and we&apos;ll see if we can make the biggest game in our history,&quot; said coach before the finals.
Fiji it finally in control and a small state with a population of 900, now is an Olympic story.
The report brought the French newspaper Le Monde.
A new friend, and good luck for the little girl.
2-year-old Ivy Harmonie-Rose Allen, from 11 months to live without arms and legs got a new friend.
A doll that looks like her.
&quot;Mom, she&apos;s like me,&quot; she said, as two years of little girl, her mother told ABC News.
She added that her daughter like a doll off his arms and legs and then together sitting without prostheses.
Harmony was in less than a year of life diagnosed with meningitis B, doctors gave her only a ??% chance of survival.
There&apos;s nothing I didn&apos;t love her.
She&apos;s beautiful, smart, funny, and never gives up.
He&apos;s even perspective.
I saw her, as is the other kids with the words I&apos;m Harmony and I don&apos;t have hands, my mother added.
Look at the joy you doll.
For as much as we spend at the airport?
CNN is finding, according to which the people at airports as they spend on bottled water.
A string of stores Hudson&apos;s travel essential stores released figures for last year, where the 10 products that customers in its airport shops, they buy most often.
The water was in the first.
Drinks were generally very popular, put them in the top eight.
Ninth place occupying a large bottle of coconut M&amp;M sweets.
And can you guess who is the first ten?
As the only one of the above can&apos;t eat a thing.
According to CNN&apos;s journal, The Wall Street Journal.
Other popular newspaper sold at airports include: New York Post, The New York Times, USA Today.
Among the magazines that are US Weekly, In Touch and The Economist.
Veslařští sovereigns.
Just go win, laughing Murray with Bond.
The rowers Eric Murray and Hamish Bond from New Zealand dominate category ?s without a helmsman in seven years and her dominance was also confirmed at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At first glance an odd pair switched to a smaller crew after the Olympics in Beijing and, since 2009, crushing the competition.
The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon in Thursday&apos;s final in 69th win in a row.
What we&apos;re different than the others?
We&apos;re just nicer, Murray joked during the Olympic regatta, when he had to answer questions about the dominance of the New Zealand pair.
Frankly, we&apos;re not doing anything different than the other.
Just practice hard, very hard.
And all the time we are trying to improve his technique, that&apos;s our philosophy, Murray said already more seriously.
Their dominance is also remarkable because they are physically different.
Murray is almost ?-foot-? and ???-pound guy, academically looking Bond is about five inches shorter and 15 pounds lighter.
In addition, they have a different nature.
Bond is studying a věnuje se finance, Murray has for example a charity boxing match.
Even outside of rowing together for that much.
Eric getting into boats, in essence, with that we can&apos;t lose.
Just let&apos;s go win.
I tend to think about what can go wrong, said Bond, who was also at the press conference demonstrated that dominant in the crew&apos;s Murray.
He always answered first, and Bond waiting for his opportunity.
But on water, destroying opponents quiet power.
They&apos;re your pace and, though often still in the middle of the track are not in the lead, to their gradual acceleration even opponents found the recipe.
Race you to the dvoukilometrové track and we never wanted to take the first kilometre high.
I&apos;m just trying to go the pace that nobody else can.
We know what we have to do to win, &quot;said ??-year-old Murray.
With his four years younger partner won seven gold medals at the World Cup.
Triumfovali even in 2007, when they were both members of the gold four without a helmsman.
Right after the unexpected failure of a larger crew at the Olympics in Beijing a year later, they decided to move to second without a helmsman.
At the Olympics in London, probably the biggest defeat of his career to make up for and dominance confirmed even in Rio.
London was very intense.
We did everything the coach said, and no questions asked.
This time it was a little more fun.
We knew it would be bloody difficult, and we had to make sure that we&apos;re mentally well, said Murray.
We know that all of us want to overthrow the throne.
The target on his back all the time.
We are but we try to be half a step ahead of everyone, he added.
The model the climate according to NASA: Venus was once habitable
According to a new NASA climate model projections, Venus was once habitable.
Scientists in Goddardově Institute for Space Studies, NASA developed a model for exploring Venus using tools and algorithms, similar to those used by scientists studying climate change.
The model was designed to determine whether used on Venus, whose surface is hot, no water and replete with CO2, could dominate in conditions similar to Earth.
Scientists have previously suggested that the low rate of Venus can be explained by its thick atmosphere.
According to the most recent simulations, but, it seems that Venus once could boast of thin atmospheres similar to Earth and turning around slowly.
The model also dealt with an earlier topography of Venus.
The planet likely areas drier than on Earth, but once it was enough water and geographical diversity to rule her life and provide protection against rapid evaporation.
Venus had also benefited from the Sun, which was about 30 percent dimmer.
"In a simulation model GISS Venus during the slow rotation exposes his daily hand to the sun for nearly two months at a time", said a scientist from GISS Anthony Del Genio in a new report.
The heating of the surface and in the formation of rain, which creates a thick layer of cloud, that behave like an umbrella, and the surface of the steel from excessive solar heat.
The result is climate, with average temperatures, which are in fact slightly lower than currently on Earth.
The model put together the story of Venus a similar evolution, which previously built a hypothetical planetary scientists.
Even though she was Venus in the past probably habitable -- during the several billion years -- was exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Its oceans evaporated water vapour and ultraviolet light were burned.
The hydrogen escaped and left only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide, the greenhouse gas effect of death -- it&apos;s Venus, as we know it today.
The researchers of the new climate model results to Venus, published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigned as coach the team the Colorado Avalanche
Patrick Roy on Thursday, resigned from his post the coach and vice president of hockey operations team Colorado Avalanche, stated as a reason for the inability to participate in the decision-making process in matters of team.
The executive vice president/general manager Joe Sakic Colorado move confirmed and stated that the club start looking for a new coach.
"The last three years I&apos;ve worked as a head coach and vice-president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche, with energy, passion and determination", said ??-year-old Roy in a statement.
I&apos;ve long and hard over the summer, wondering how can a team improve, give him the depth that he needs, and get it to the next level.
For this to be achieved, it is necessary that the vision coach and vice president of hockey operations were in line with the vision of the organisation.
It must also have the possibility to participate in the decisions that affect the performance of the team.
These conditions are not currently met.
Sakic, who Roy 23 May 2013, adopted, thank him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick has informed me of his decision today", said Sakic.
We appreciate everything you did for our organization, and we wish him luck for the future.
Roy has been nominated to win the Jack Adams as the best coach the league during his first season with the Avalanche 2013/2014.
He led the team to 112 points and first place in the Central Division.... but faced with Minnesota to Colorado in the first round of the playoffs, and in the last two years he always fights after season didn&apos;t work out.
The Avalanche in 2015/2016 season reached a score of 39: 39: 4 and missing him five points to get the second wild card in the Western Conference.
Goalkeeper Roy, who signed up to the Hall of Fame, won the Stanley Cup four times -- twice with the Montreal Canadiens and twice with the Avalanche.
The workers on an oil rig in the North Sea renewing talks and interrupt the strike
The top leaders of parties claimed that the strike over wages to workers to oil platforms in the North Sea are interrupted, while all the parties together for a new round of negotiations.
The strikes against the oil field services company Wood Group were sporadically on platforms in the North Sea, which is operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and the trade union Unite and the RMT can confirm that agree to the renewal process for addressing current disagreements", according to the statement.
Starting next week we will have over the next few weeks a series of all-day meeting, where the problems we see from new angles.
According to the trade unions is their recent actions, which, they say, was the first in more than 25 years, in protest against wage cuts of up to 30 percent.
The company Wood Group this year has reduced rates and pay their suppliers in the North Sea by about 9 percent less because of negative market pressures.
The reduction rates companies comes after a ??% reduction for the offshore company in 2014.
The company claims that further cuts would provide space to cope with a market downturn.
On the other hand, Shell cut out of their salary slips for thousands of people and announced plans to abandon operations in the field of oil and gas in 10 countries to modernize their processes - immediately after the mega merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure because of low oil prices, the economic situation relating to the June decision by Britain to leave the European Union.
A member of Parliament from Scotland Dave Anderson at the start of this week to meet with union leaders to discuss one of the greatest working differences across generations, which led to a strike in the North Sea.
North Sea, as stated, it is for the economy in the region is vital.
"In the North Sea and across the country we need an economy that works for all, not just for some", said in a statement.
For comparison, in 2016 is expected to be nearly $1.4 billion investment in new projects in the North Sea, while the average for the last five years was around $7 billion.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of stars in the Pleiades
The latest mission, NASA&apos;s Kepler space telescope to help astronomers gain almost complete list at the speed of rotation of the stars of the Pleiades star cluster.
The new data will help astronomers understand why star in the star cluster spinning at different speeds, and also, as the period of rotation is related to the creation of the planet.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other clusters we learn more about the relationship between a stellar mass, its old age and even the history of the solar system", said in a new report, Luisa Rebullová, researcher in the centre of Caltech&apos;s Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena.
The cluster Pleiades is located 445 light-years from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster of adult status is right now, and probably over 125 million years ago.
Now turns as quickly as possible.
In moments of maximum speed of rotation of these teenage stars emit huge quantities of stellar wind.
As these winds moving along the magnetic fields of stars, they have a slowing effect on them.
Along with that, as the star is ageing, slowing its rotation speed.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of every star, so that measures the time between the discovery of recognisable points to the stars -- similar to sunspots.
According to the latest data on the speed of rotation, the greater the stars rotate more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebullová compares stars to dancers, more doing pirouettes more slowly than smaller ones.
"In" ballet "Pleiades, we see that more massive stars are spinning more slowly, while those moves as quickly as possible, they are usually very light Rebullová stars", she said.
Because it&apos;s so close to the Pleiades star cluster, serves as an ideal space laboratory for comparing the quality of the stars and the speed of rotation.
"Pleiades provide an anchor for the theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, in younger and older stars", said Rebullová.
There is still a lot that we want to know about how, when and why the stars are slowing down its rotation speed and so to speak "hang their dancing shoes on the nail".
Rebullová and her colleagues describe in detail the latest analysis of the speed of rotation of the Pleiades in three studies, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
It&apos;s the qualifying the agreement required?
If I didn&apos;t, then the qualification, forging agreement and after a few months I could go to another hospital?
It&apos;s even possible after graduation to work without a login to specialized education?
This is about that, in the field in which I work, is now a job vacancy in just a little more distant hospital, but in about half a year to release a place in another, where I would then like to work.
So I don&apos;t know how to address the situation roughly six months, continues.
Matches Mgr. Lenka Vlková.
No law does not provide for the obligation to conclude an agreement with the employer of qualification - the hospital.
The agreement is a legal institution regulated by the Labour Code, and may be entered into between the employee and the employer for the purpose of ensuring a return on the cost of raising or deepening the qualifications of the staff.
In the area of health is under long-term pressure on neuzavírání these agreements with a view to ensuring the mobility of health workers and not all hospitals currently require this agreement.
Pursuant to Act No 95/2004 Coll., on the conditions for the acquisition and recognition of professional competence and specialised fitness for the medical profession of doctor, dentist and pharmacist, expressly, that the participation of the specialisation of education is considered to a deepening skills (not for the better).
This means that qualifying agreement may be concluded under the Labour Code, only if the costs are at least 75 000 Kč.
No law, nor does it lay down an obligation to apply for specialized education.
The law only provides the conditions of a request for inclusion in the field of specialized education.
The doctor, however, is by law entitled to exercise the profession of doctor already thanks to the completion of the required higher education studies, even if the conditions laid down by law (under the expert supervision of a doctor with specialist qualifications in the relevant field).
The law provides for a situation where the specialized education can be the doctor counted professional experience acquired in another field of specialisation, where its content and scope of the corresponding to the respective training programme.
In theory it would be possible to count time spent elsewhere, which would correspond to the tazatelčině situation.
However, in the light of that I don&apos;t know the specific circumstances of this case, it is advisable to consult the relevant department of the Ministry of Health (Department of science and the medical profession), as the Department of Health from the law provides advisory and consulting services relating to inclusion in the specialized education and with his progress.
Crisis Consulting service also offers free of charge by a member of the Czech Medical Chamber, which every doctor must be.
Doctors from the Syrian Aleppo they ask for the intervention of the US.
The United States, no effort in order to end the siege of (rebel parts of the city by government forces), and did not use its influence to promote the protection of civilians, quoted from the letter addressed to the White House agency AFP.
&quot;We don&apos;t need tears, compassion, and even prayers; desperate, however, we need to create a no-fly zone over eastern Halabem, to halt the attacks, and we need international action, which would ensure that the Halab again surrounded,&quot; said the doctor.
Russian forces, which support the army loyal to President Bashar al-Assad have announced that from today, stop for three hours every day strikes in the area of Aleppo, to allow the safe passage of humanitarian convoys.
From 9: 00 to 12: 00 SELČ be suspended all military activities, air strikes and artillery fire.
The chief Stephen O&apos;Brien, the UN humanitarian operations may be welcomed, stressed, however, that there is a need for at least a two-day truce.
For Obama, according to AFP in the letter has 15 of the 35 doctors who operate in the eastern part of Aleppo, already controlled by the rebels.
It says that, during the five-year war witnessed a violent, cruel death of countless patients, friends and colleagues.
The world takes into account, and notes how Syria is complex, but does little to protect us.
Recent offers the evacuation of citizens from the Syrian regime and Russia sounds like a slightly veiled threats, pointed out the pediatricians, surgeons and other physicians.
The doctors said that for the past month, there were 42 attacks on medical facilities in Syria, 15 of the hospitals in which they work.
Most of it we are sad that we have to decide who lives and who dies.
The emergency room come to us little children with such severe injuries that we have to choose between them, they are the most likely to survive.
And sometimes we don&apos;t have the necessary material to help them, described the doctor.
Two weeks ago suffocated four newborns when the blast interrupted oxygen supply to their incubators.
They gasped for breath, and then their life is over - before he could really begin, recalled.
The army loyal to President Bashar al-Assad, supported by Russian forces, in recent weeks has surrounded the rebels controlled the eastern part of Aleppo, inside were left without food supplies over 200,000 people.
Rebels who are under the constant strikes of the Russian and Syrian Air Force, on Saturday after three weeks, managed to break the siege and to launch a counteroffensive.
Both parties then have been added in the city and its surroundings.
