A 28-year-old chef was found dead in a San Francisco shop
The 28-year-old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was the stairs of local business this week.
But the victim's brother says he does not think who wants to hurt him, and adds, "He's finally succeeded."
The body found at Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as the 18-year-old resident of San Francisco Frank Galicia, a lawyer's office said.
The San Francisco Police Department said it was a violent death and an investigation was under way.
Louis Galicia's brother for the ABC KGO station in San Francisco said Frank, who was formerly a regular chef in Boston, earned his dream job at the Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
Sons & Daughters's spokesperson said they were "shocked and destroyed" by his death.
"We have a small team that works as a closely related family. We will miss it a lot," the spokesman said.
In this difficult time our thoughts and sorrows belong to Frank's family and friends.
Louis Galicia said that Frank first slept in hostels, but that recently "he finally got to succeed."
"He found a flat, walked with a girl," said Louis Galicia for the KGO.
Louis Galicia said he did not think who would want to harm his younger brother.
He had a kind soul and a big heart.
When he wanted to get in touch with his family, he always cooked food, made us dinner, "said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to take part in any quarrel.
He was a brother who took things as they were.
"Even if everything else in the world was bad, he was the uncut diamond he irradiated every day," he said.
If you have any information, call the SFPD at 415-575-4444.
Czech Railways have invested over 31 billion vehicles in modernization.
They have air conditioning and new toilets.
Over the last six years, state-owned carriers have invested over CZK 31 billion in vehicle modernization.
A third of the cars are currently equipped with air conditioning, roughly half of the trains have a new closed toilet system.
However, the amounts for modernization in individual years except for 2012 are gradually decreasing.
Czech Railways has invested over CZK 31 billion in modernizing vehicles over the last six years.
A third of the cars are currently equipped with air conditioning, roughly half of the trains have a new closed toilet system.
The money spent showed a reduction in average age of two years for locomotives and separate units and six years for classical wagons.
A larger share of the investment was given by the carrier to regional transport, which accounted for about 60 percent of the money, 40 percent then the company invested in the renewal of long-haul vehicles.
The average age of locomotives and units currently stands at 19 years.
However, modernized older vehicles are counted as entirely new in this indicator.
If the modernization of the vehicles did not count, the average age of ČD driving vehicles would increase by ten years.
Somewhat older are average wagons on average, whose average age when counting upgrades is 23 years.
If only the age of production was taken into account, the average age of these vehicles would be 33.4 years.
However, conventional wagon-assembled and locomotive trains have disappeared in recent years from both Czech and worldwide railways and are replaced by motor or electric units.
Between 2011 and 2015, locomotives fell from 280 to 223 units, similarly the number of classic wagons fell from 2716 in 2011 to 2132 in the middle of this year.
The carrier was relieved in particular of old vehicles fitted with leatherette seats and doors without the possibility of blocking the opening during the journey.
From January to July, the carrier scrapped 110 of these cars.
Of the investments planned by ČD in the fleet in the near future, for example, the purchase of 50 wagons for speeds up to 200 kilometers per hour, which the carrier plans to deploy on the Prague - Bratislava - Budapest route, or a framework contract for the purchase of electric units for domestic express lines.
The contract provides for the collection of up to 30 engine and 20 electric units.
Four year authorities know about illegal advertising, unable to get rid of it.
We are utterly helpless, they admit.
For a quarter of a year, the daily Aktuálně.cz has been watching the story of a billboard in southern Bohemia, which now attracts motorists to visit Lipno, where it is not only a touristically interesting walk in the trees, but also the Olympic Park.
Motorway managers know that they are standing there, but they say they can not do anything about it.
Similar ads are hundreds, maybe thousands, across the country.
According to officials, the law is a sloppy law that makes it impossible to remove illegal mobile billboards.
They need a complex bureaucratic wheel first.
Meanwhile, the company changes its name and the office is short on it.
Or just move the ad a few meters away and the official process must start again.
The Road and Motorway Directorate admitted a quarter of a year ago: at the main road from České Budějovice to Lipno there is an advertising billboard on our land on the national road.
For three months, however, officials were not enough to get rid of an unauthorized portable construction with a giant advertising poster.
It was as if no one was standing right next to the road, in the fifty-meter buffer zone, where for safety, nothing should stand.
Road managers claim that they can not help with a billboard because of a leaky law.
Maybe to load it and take it away.
"We can not afford that," says Nina Ledvin, a spokesperson for the Road and Motorway Directorate, and refers to the complex bureaucratic wheel that the billboard removal must be prevented by law.
The case of this particular billboard, the fate of which the daily Aktuálně.cz started to follow in detail in the spring, is not unique and points to a general problem that the state and the authorities can not solve efficiently and quickly.
Only in southern Bohemia the editorial staff has counted dozens of similar mobile ads placed against the rules near or near the road.
Similarly, there are other regions.
"We have the trouble to force the company to remove the banners," says Jiří Klása, head of the transport department of the district administration in the district of České Budějovice, whose colleagues deal with such stories.
According to Klása, the law is blatant to blame.
First, he has to address the billboard owner in a difficult way to put the advertisement away.
But business executives are often incomprehensible, or they know the fines that Aktuálně.cz has been describing in the past when it became more interested in the issue: just move the mobile rack with the advertisement a few meters away and the officials can throw a previous invitation to remove the black ads into the trash.
This is because the office must accurately determine where the illegal billboard stands.
"If someone moves it and coordinates suddenly disagree, it is seen as a new device and we have to address the owner again," explains Jiří Klása.
The new law will not help.
The change could bring a new law that will prohibit billboards on highways from September next year and limit them to Class I roads.
Critics point out that the rules for combating illegal and easily transferable ads will remain the same as before.
And they do not do the office.
Companies can continue to earn tens of millions of crowns annually for renting illegal sites and no one can afford them.
For example, the billboard that attracts Lipno belongs to Commerz Billboard.
Officials know it well: the Town Hall of Ceske Budejovice is currently conducting three administrative proceedings against illegally built billboards.
The company is threatened with a fine of three thousand dollars in each case.
There are more ads that have been placed without a permit in the class I class protection zone.
The management has not yet ended, says Jaroslav Mráz, Head of Transport Department of the Town Hall in České Budějovice.
The advertisement that Aktuálně.cz is interested in does not yet appear among these cases, but it is likely to be coming soon.
According to RND spokesman Nina Ledvinová, the company did not respond to repeated written calls for removal, so the case gets to the regional table and then probably to the magistrates.
Commerz Billboard belongs to those suspicious businesses that are unable to contact.
It does not take over the post and the official seat in Žižkov was canceled more than six years ago.
It is not clear who is behind it.
In the past, the post office went to South Bohemian entrepreneur Anton Fischer, who was famous for a sharp dispute with the head of the Czech Hyundai brand.
Fischer, whose company Bill Billboard leases and offers sites to Comerz Billboard to advertisers, has in the past refused any connection.
However, this spring, when RCD started to be interested in advertising on Lipno, Aktuál.cz let Fischer state officials send a letter to the mysterious company Commerz Billboard to his pension, where he is supposedly based.
Even from this address, however, no motorway managers have ever heard of it yet.
Fearless fight.
Similar silences or opaque changes in settlements are not uncommon.
One company, several years ago, gradually imposed fines for two million crowns.
But it changed its name and ID number and there was nothing to solve.
The case was returned by the Executor, the ads stood still, perhaps in other places.
We are quite helpless against similar firms and their business practices.
It's like a windmill struggle, one of the officials admits on the condition of keeping anonymity.
There is no one to deal with the amendment to the law in this respect.
Aktuálně.cz spoke with several MPs who were interested in the issue.
However, they have not yet developed any activity.
On the contrary, MPs appeared who wanted to extend the deadline for keeping billboards on the main Czech roads.
The government rejected it.
Billboards are a very sensitive and somewhat schizophrenic topic not only for national but also for regional and municipal policies.
On the one hand, they know about social demand to limit them, on the other hand they need them for advertising in pre-election campaigns.
I do not seem to have the relatively well-established impression that when something does not work, it is necessary to change laws.
Farmers will harvest fewer grains this year, but more rape and poppies, the statisticians estimate.
According to estimates by the Czech Statistical Office, cereal harvesting will be 6.7 percent lower than last year.
Still, this year's harvest exceeds the average of the past five and ten years.
On the other hand, rape harvest (3.9 percent) and poppy seed (2.5 percent) will be higher.
Cereal harvesting will be 6.7 percent lower than last year.
Farmers harvest 7.2 million tons of grain.
This results from an estimation, which according to the state as of 15 July was published by the Czech Statistical Office.
The earliest estimate a month ago was more pessimistic and assumed a one-tenth decline against last year.
Last year's cereal harvest was above average.
This year's harvest exceeds the average of the past five and ten years.
On the contrary, this year's rape and poppy harvest will be higher.
Rape growers harvest 3.9 percent more than a year ago when they got under the roof 1.256 million tons.
This year's poppy crop could be 2.5 percent higher than last year.
The expected decline in cereal production is due to both the reduction of the yield per hectare by 3.7 percent to 5.71 tonnes per hectare and the decrease in the sowing area.
Farmers have sampled three percent less fields this year.
Winter wheat, which is the most important cereal for the Czech Republic, is estimated to be 3.3 percent less this year.
Farmers sent her to multiple fields.
However, a lower yield per hectare drops to 6.04 tonnes.
A roughly one-fifth decline in statistics is predicted by the spring barley, which is most commonly used for beer production.
Cutting crops reduce crops by 15.2 percent, but also lower yield per hectare.
Winter barley, on the contrary, grows by 6.3 percent more.
You will also grow rye harvest.
The rape crops are estimated at 1,305 million tonnes, which is more than last year.
Soil areas have grown by 7.3 percent.
However, yield per hectare will be 3.2 percent lower than last year.
This year's rape harvest exceeds the 10-year average by 13.3 percent, sowing it by a third more than a decade ago.
In the last four years, poppy fields have also increased.
This year the farmers planted it for 35,543 hectares.
Against 2008, when poppy seed was cultivated in the Czech Republic at a record 70,000 hectares, the field is half.
Thanks to the enlargement of the crops, this year's poppy harvest will be richer.
It will rise by 2.5 percent last year to 27 423 tonnes.
However, the yield per hectare will be 6.1 percent lower.
Olomouc police accused two men of attacking a knife and a machete, court sentenced them to detention.
The police accused two attackers who attacked a knife and a machete of a 35-year-old man on Tuesday at the center of Olomouc.
"Although the attacker tried to escape, he was injured and injured, requiring hospital treatment and further healing," said police spokesman Marie Štrbáková.
Both apparent perpetrators immediately after the attack were detained by police officers.
The petitioner filed a motion on the court to take them into custody and the court upheld him on Friday.
Both men are facing three to ten years in prison.
The police accused two detainees of attacking a 35-year-old man in the center of Olomouc with a knife and a machete.
The attackers had cut and cut injuries to him, the man finished in the hospital.
The attack was preceded by an incident between two groups of people who arrived at the Liberty class on Tuesday afternoon, police said.
The perpetrators ended up in custody, informed Olomouc police spokesman Marie Štrbáková.
The mass struggle between two families took place in the garden area in front of the Tratorie bar in the immediate vicinity of the center of Olomouc.
After aggressive verbal disputes, two attackers attacked a 35-year-old man with a knife and a maiden.
Even though the attacked man tried to escape, he was injured and injured, requiring hospital treatment and further healing, the police spokesman said.
In a struggle that awakened great attention in the center of the city, and for which several police patrols and police officers had to intervene, family disputes were involved.
Criminologists of a 43-year-old man from Slovakia and a man of 30 years from Olomouc accused of attempting serious injuries to health and hooliganism.
The petitioner filed a motion for the court to take them to custody and the court upheld him on Friday, the spokesman added.
In the center of Olomouc in the center of Olomouc they used the attackers five years ago, just a few dozen meters away, before the Varna disco in Riegrova street.
Policemen then said that a group of about ten foreigners with weapons had attacked guests of the business who stood in front of the entrance.
According to the police, they had knives, sticks and machetes in their hands.
The court then punished two offenders by a conditional punishment.
Deserted and empty houses in the center of Prague.
You will be surprised, maybe you are walking around them daily.
One of the most striking examples of the unused and empty house is the large building of the former IPB headquarters in the middle of Senowo Square.
It should have functioned like a hotel for a long time.
But still nothing.
That new and new apartments and offices need to be built in the metropolis?
And what to use existing, often architecturally valuable and protected?
Directly in the center of Prague, in the immediate surroundings of Wenceslas Square, there are several apartment buildings, which despite their location, size and often monument protection are just deserted and seem empty.
We chose real estate in the center using the EmptyDomes.cz project, which maps long-term empty real estate in the Czech Republic.
Houses are usually victims of the financial problems of their owners, opaque relationships between firms or belong to a state that does not know or want to get rid of them.
Empty homes in the Czech Republic are more than homeless.
Whatever owners pay a special tax, they want an initiative
They almost killed Fidel Castro, and Hitler's brother lived here.
Writers showed another Malá Strana.
Shopping apocalypse.
US shopping centers are empty.
On the Walk of Prague Unknown.
Karlin was a luxurious suburb.
The land plan is reminiscent of New York's Manhattan, says the architect.
Spouse Clinton last year earned $ 10.6 million.
Trump refuses to post your tax return.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, Bill Clinton last year, earned $ 10.6 million.
More than a million dollars donated Clinton to charity.
Most of Clinton's income - over six million dollars - is for their speeches.
Trump refuses to publish his tax return.
US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Friday published her tax returns, raising pressure on her Republican rival Donald Trump to do the same.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, President Bill Clinton, earned $ 10.6 million last year, AP reported.
Most of Clinton's income - over six million dollars - is for their speeches, mostly from before April 2015, when Clinton launched her campaign before the election.
The tax report showed that Clinton had a federal income tax of 34.2 percent last year, followed by a nine percent tax on state and local income.
In total, they paid 43.2 percent of the income.
However, Trump has a similar problem, so far he has not decided to publish the tax return.
There is a possibility that Donald Trump does not pay any taxes at all, Clinton wrote on the twitter a few minutes after publishing her confession.
Clinton has repeatedly returned to the secrets surrounding Trump's earnings, among other things, to cast doubt on whether her rival really is as rich as he claims, AP said.
Trump's fortune is estimated at billions of dollars.
Lower earnings would damage the reputation of a Republican candidate as a successful entrepreneur.
Senator Tim Kaine, who, in tandem with the former first lady, is a candidate for vice president, has today published a report on his tax levy over the past ten years.
Together with his wife, Anne Holton, they paid 7.5 percent of their charitable earnings, and earned 25.6 percent of their earnings last year.
Polio again broke out in Nigeria.
Boko Haram Islamists prevented consistent vaccination and killed doctors.
In Nigeria, cases of polio have reappeared.
In the northeast of the country, the government declared extraordinary vaccinations because two children infected with this disease were paralyzed.
Vaccines were transported by helicopters.
In the affected area, Islamic terrorists from Boko Haram had been arrested, who even prevented the vaccination and even killed the doctors.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the virus has gone unnoticed.
In Northeast, Nigeria will begin an extraordinary polio vaccination because there have been two children infected with the disease.
In Africa, polio was last diagnosed two years ago in Somalia.
The Nigerian government has announced that one million children will be inoculated in Borno and another four million in neighboring countries.
Nigerian military helicopters on Friday, according to the AP, quickly transported polio vaccines to the affected north-eastern part of the country where Islamic terrorists from Boko Haram operate.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has said that the virus has gone unnoticed for many years.
The Boko Haram extremists in the past prevented the vaccination and the doctors even killed them.
Their attacks on Thursday also prevented doctors from reaching areas where polio children were found.
Both affected toddlers came with refugees from part of Nigeria newly liberated from Boko Haram.
WHO polio eradicator responsible for polio eradication Michel Zaffran BBC said the vaccination in Nigeria will begin next week.
The Islamic radical group Boko Haram has long been in Borno.
The area was open to international organizations and governments until the beginning of this year, when Boko Haram was significantly weakened in this part of the country.
Nigerian Health Minister Isaac Adewole admitted that new cases of polio are a great disappointment for the country because Nigeria wanted to report next year that polio was eradicated.
WHO warned that it is possible that although the disease did not appear for two years, it still spread among children.
Children of less than five years will now be enrolled.
In 2012, half of all polio cases in the world were found in Nigeria.
While polio was still in 125 countries in 1988, it is now only in three areas - Afghanistan and Pakistan and northern Nigeria.
The Pope met with former prostitutes in Rome.
He listened to the troubled stories of the fallen women.
Pope Frantisek has met twenty former prostitutes who have escaped from the gangs of pimps thanks to the police.
The Pope listened to their difficult life stories and invited them to look with confidence in the future.
Frantisek wanted to draw attention to trafficking in human beings and call for intensification of the fight against it.
Pope Frantisek met with 20 former prostitutes in Rome, which the police freed from the power of the gangs of pimps.
The head of the Catholic Church listened for more than an hour to the troubled stories of the fallen women and then asked them to look with confidence in the future, Vatican spokesman said.
Former prostitutes visited by Frantisek were six women from Romania, four from Albania, seven from Nigeria and one from Tunisia, Italy and Ukraine.
Their average age is around 30.
They were subjected to cruel physical violence during the forced prostitution, according to the Vatican.
Frantisek wanted to attract attention to trafficking in human beings and call for intensification of the fight against him, the Pope's spokeswoman said.
Frantisek often draws attention to the fate of people on the edge of society.
On Thursday, for example, he had lunch with Syrian refugees who arrived in the Vatican this April and in June thanks to his personal invitation.
France strikes at the Jihadist factories.
But without the help of Muslims it will not work.
France has the help of Muslims in their struggle against radical Islam.
In addition, Prime Minister Manuel Valls's government is preparing major changes in the functioning of the mosque and the education of the clergy.
Since last December, we have closed 20 mosques and prayers.
And others will follow, said the interior minister.
More than a hundred Jihadist workers operate in the country.
"If Muslims do not help the state to fight against those who interfere with public freedom, it will be increasingly difficult for France to guarantee freedom," said Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
In particular, they want to ensure that only imams educated in France will preach in mosques and prayers.
At the same time, he wants to stop funding the mosques from abroad.
At present, about 20 percent of the money comes from abroad for the construction of new mosques, most of them from Morocco, Algeria and the Persian Gulf.
And because of this, preachers are coming into mosques, who can sow radicalism in France.
"Our country must show that Islam is compatible with democracy," the Prime Minister added.
The key to ensuring that these goals are met will be the new French Islamic Foundation.
It should act as a bridge between the secular state and the Muslim minority.
No more money from abroad.
The French Foundation for Islam, founded in 2005 by then Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin, is now operating in the country.
At that time, the Foundation was supposed to contribute to the transparency of financial flows between the mosques and the countries that funded them.
But soon the institution struggled with internal contradictions and rivalries.
"It's a total failure," Valls said recently.
On the French political scene, following the attack on Charlie Hebdo magazine in January 2015, the debate over a new institution has been blown up and replaced by a non-functioning foundation.
Everything has been hurried up by other terrorist attacks in France that have been carried out by Islamist militias in the name of the Islamic state.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has recently been told that the new foundation will be established this October.
It will have two main tasks - to secure the financing of mosques from domestic sources and also to supervise imams.
It is not yet clear where he will take the money not only for the construction of new mosques but also for various educational centers.
However, several suggestions are considered.
One of these is a special charge or tax on halal food.
Here, in practice, retailers would pay halal food for certification.
Part of that money would go to the foundation's treasury.
A contribution of ten to twenty euros (270 to 540 crowns) could be paid by French pilgrims who will go to Mecca.
Each year there are about 30,000 on a traditional Saudi Arabian journey.
And not just that.
According to the prime minister, only preachers who have undergone special education programs at French universities should work in mosques in the future.
This should ensure that the preaching is in harmony with democracy.
We will close the radical mosques.
The French government is at the same time in a campaign against radicals.
And others will follow, the Interior Minister recently announced.
There is no place in France for those who say hatred in mosques and do not respect some of our country's principles, such as equality between women and men.
Approximately 2500 mosques and prayers are estimated to be in the country.
It is estimated that about 120 of them are under the influence of radical Islamism.
Since 2012, the authorities have expelled about 80 imams and are considering several other dozens.
But not everyone thinks that the government's steps can significantly counteract radicalism.
Those who want to radicalize will do the same.
This is not the case in mosques, young people are radically on the Internet, said Severine Labat, an expert from the National Center for Scientific Research.
Kelemen lost the 1st round of Sprinter with star Baugé.
The Czech runway cyclist must be able to take part in corrective rides to advance into the eight-finals.
The track biker Pavel Kelemen at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, following a sprint qualification course between the best eighteen, lost in the 1st round a duel with the French grandmaster Gregory Baugé, an advocate of silver from the past games in London.
The progress to the eight-finals must be completed in corrective rides.
At the start of the royal discipline on the track, 27 riders stood up, and the best Czech track-winner of the present scored the 14th best time.
The two-hundred-year-old started in 9,969 seconds.
In the main elimination phase, he was expected to qualify for the fifth Baugé, who already has bronze in team sprint.
Kelemen was at the end ending with an experienced Frenchman, but he was looking after it.
Jason Kenny, a gold defense attorney, flashed great power.
Twenty-eight-year-old Brit made the third fastest two-hundred-year history and qualified 9,551 in the Olympic record.
He was also able to advise the latter, as expected, by the German Maximilian Levy.
The British quartet also worked out with Bradley Wiggins, who traveled a new world record of 3: 50,570 in the 4km fighter race and advanced to the final.
The current maximum (3: 51,659), which has been four years since the London Olympics, has improved for more than a second.
Young doctors push: They want a fresh wind in the industry
Representatives of young doctors gathered to approve new steps in their dispute over a new treaty.
The Board of Young Doctors (JDC) at the British Medical Association (BMA) must ask the council for support for other sectoral events in early September.
The JDC says the ministers were unable to resolve the Treaty issues.
Young medical practitioners and medical students voted in July to reject a contract agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who participated in the election.
In a letter to members published Thursday night on Twitter, JDC chairwoman Ellen McCourt said the government remained "silent" on the issues, which led to the rejection of the contract.
She said: "In this light, the JDC's executive body has decided to reject the proposed new treaty altogether and ask for new formal negotiations on all issues."
In response to the government's silence today, the JDC Executive Board formally requested a special meeting of the BMA Board to approve a running program of high-profile industry events in early September.
The controversy led young doctors this year to announce six strikes, including the first general strikes in the history of the NHS.
Leaders of young doctors at the BMA, Dr. Johann Malawan, resigned after a decision to reject the agreed terms of the contract that the BMA had recommended.
To the members of the BMA before the 54,000 young medics and medical students, the BMA said that the deal was good and should be accepted.
After the vote, the Health Minister said the treaty would impose a burden on physicians in England.
Russia and Turkey: Alliance "incompatible"?
It was a gesture that ended in a crisis.
Leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to give their hands and announce the formal ending of the eight-month verbal war and economic sanctions.
But while Vladimir Putin welcomed a Turkish counterpart in the magnificent palace hall in St. Petersburg, I had the impression that Ankara wanted more for this reconciliation.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Putin did not smile and barely radiate his warmth, even to his measured standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, repeatedly talked about his "dear friend" to Mr. Putin - five times, one of the reports said.
I did not count on it.
He also promised that relations with Russia will not only return to their level before the crisis but will be even better.
The next day, one of the local newspapers wrote that Erdogan acted as if nothing bad had ever happened.
In my view, his enthusiasm revealed the exact opposite.
But the persistent cold emanating from Putin showed that the Russian leader had forgotten nothing.
The real cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory speech: The shooting of a Russian battleship by Turkey on the Syrian border.
The reaction of Moscow was furious at that time.
Putin gave wounds around him, and Ankara accused Moscow of knocking the knife in the back.
The drive was much greater that it came from a supposed friend.
Rebuilding real trust will be difficult, perhaps even impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since December.
State-controlled media for months has led a massive nationwide campaign against Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed as if the Turks could do everything.
More serious was the accusation by senior state officials that Erdogan's own family benefited from illegal oil trade in parts of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He strongly denied this.
But in St Petersburg the official message came that it was time to move on.
After all, this meeting only occurred because Putin received the apology that he had asked for President Erdogan.
Russia could declare any kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of announcing the ceasefire are clear.
First of all, Erdogan was almost freed from power during the failed coup last month and therefore needs all his friends.
Repeated terrorist attacks in Turkey have also shaken visibly.
There is also an economic motive.
Russian sanctions have had a hard impact - especially the abolition of charter flights that transport several million Russian tourists every year on the coast of Turkey every year.
This figure has fallen by almost 90%.
As far as Russia is concerned, tour operators and charter companies will surely be relaxing here if there is a chance to resume flights.
They earn on Mediterranean tourism at the end of the season.
Even this week, state television promised cheaper fruit and vegetables when re-imports of agricultural commodities from Turkey were allowed.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as the news reported in the Vedemos newspaper.
But the visit had another political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for what he considers to be a poor response to the coup attempt.
In addition, prolonged hostility, lengthy talks about joining the EU and Putin's entry - which is eager to use cooling and break Turkey's ties with the West.
The Russian leader has certainly earned bonus points when Ankara asked him to help the elected authorities after a coup attempt.
You must understand that for Moscow, which is deeply rooted in fear of a change of regime, it is given.
So the summit in this pompous, seaside palace of Russia and Turkey has enabled me to show what one of my analysts has described as an "incompatible alliance": how the two countries that feel reluctant and exploited by the West are joining forces.
However, despite the public showing mutual reconciliation, there are fundamental differences between the two countries.
The first is Syria, where Moscow has recently been a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey stand on opposite sides.
One could say that after almost three-hour opening talks both presidents at a press conference said they had not even mentioned this issue.
The Turkish president deliberately threw out the answer to the question of the differences between them, while Putin chose to highlight these differences.
There is no clear agreement on which both states could find common ground on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and because of the risk of a complete catastrophe when NATO member Turkey shot down a Russian warplane - it is certainly better that the two leaders talk at least again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland
According to the bank's executive director, RBS should be suppressed as a back office role.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be lost to customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the Bank's global ambitions.
She was relieved when she almost disappeared eight years ago and had to be redeemed from debt.
At that time, strategic brands used "RBS" to protect other brands of consumer finance.
There have been millions of pounds spent on international sports sponsorship, from the Six Nations rugby championship to Andy Marray champion Winbledom.
Now, however, it has been decided that it is better to give more marks to national brands.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used by Scottish customers, but will not trigger new business.
All references to RBS in England and Wales, except the headquarters and stock exchange coding, will be changed to NatWest.
Customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland are already using the Ulster Bank brand.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking that are more prominent - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
During the trips to our customers and employees in Inverness-Shire, McEwan responded to Ross McEwan's questions.
BBC Scotland said: "The RBS brand is no longer our brand and the brand for which our employees work, because we are now becoming much more brand brands."
Because the bank itself has become a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
Now I say that we no longer have global aspirations, we have efforts focused on the home scene.
Each of these brands will mean something completely different in our own communities and our staff will work under these brands.
RBS has already said it will not continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations Championship, it has prepared a profile of individual sport sponsorships.
"The time has come for us to move to the bank of brands because the key question (which we put) is how to focus on becoming a better bank for customers", said the Executive Director.
Three years ago, it would have been very cynical to say that we would become a great customer bank and introduced the brands.
But as we focused on customer needs and not on our own, I think there are a lot of changes going on.
We can recall these marks, I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori in Newmarket on the Predilection horse led to the 3000th winner
Dettori splashes champagne after his double victory in Newmarket brought 3,000 victories
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured the 3000th victory in Britain in Newmarket on Friday.
This milestone achieved his second victory in the evening on his local track - the Predilection horse trained by John Gosden.
Forty-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey that has achieved such a result in plane races.
His predecessors are Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
Triple champion Detroit, who previously won the Ghayyar horse, said: "It's strange."
I am very moved because my family is here as well
I'm so glad that it happened in Newmarket because I just docked here 30 years ago.
It's not a huge event, it's not the Royal Ascot - it's a Friday night on earth with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very grateful.
Dettori collects congratulations when Predilection brings victory after victory
Two jockeys of this milestone reached the barrage races - jockey champion Richard Johnson and 20-time retired champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who, during his career breaking records, led to more than 4,300 winners.
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4,493 career winners
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of modern times and is not surprised to have reached a milestone that only a few riders have achieved.
He is stylish and powerful, but it's just his tactical fist, which distinguishes him from other drivers.
He is a fantastic racing ambassador, his enthusiasm and charisma have attracted fans to this sport for years.
A few weeks ago, I told Frankie at Epsom that if he did not just ride weekends and big races, he would have 6,000 winners!
Frankly, however, Frankie has been driving the UK winner for most of his 30-year career, and that's really something.
It has a lively character, which is good for British racing, but more importantly, it is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated his success with his famous flying jump
From flying finishes to flying jumps - Frankie Dettori, he was the messenger of the British Plain Race for two decades.
It was like a roller coaster ride.
Countless winners of big races, including his famous "magnificent seventh" in Ascot, but also survived the plane crash and had a start-up ban on drugs.
Three years ago he stagnated for the first time when he returned after a six-month start-up ban, but proved an incredible inner strength and despite all the doubters he returned in the best form.
And maybe it will not be the last time - Dettori has previously said he would like to continue racing for at least 50 years.
Russian President Putin dismissed the head of the presidential office of Sergey Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday unexpectedly dismissed Sergei Ivanov as the head of the presidential office.
Ivanov was one of Putin's closest associates for many years.
Ivanov, 36, was appointed Special Representative for Ecology and Transport.
The Kremlin statement states that Putin "released Ivanov from his services to the head of the Russian presidential office," but no reason was given.
His place will be taken over by Anton Vajno, who has been Ivanov's deputy since 2012.
Forty-four-year-old Vajno was a former diplomat.
Born in Tallinn, Estonia, in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious State Institute of International Relations in Moscow (MGIMO) and worked at the Embassy in Tokyo.
The website (in Russian) states that he later became head of the presidential protocol and presidential office.
While naming Putin, he said, "Thank you for your trust."
I believe that the most important task of the administration is to support your head of state activities in terms of draft laws and to control to what extent your instructions are followed.
Putin on Friday told a Russian television station that Ivanov had asked him to release him from the post and recommended that Vajno be replaced by him.
Convince smiles?
This step completely mystified Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov was, for a long time, one of Vladimir Putin's closest associates, and like Putin worked for the KGB.
As head of the presidential office, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin broadcasting on state television, both men said they were leaving the office of the presidential office at their own request.
But only a few people convinced smiles - especially now, just ahead of parliamentary elections.
Is this the consequence of some power struggle?
Nobody knows yet.
But the official assertion that the man he once thought of as a possible president, longing for Russia's environmental policy at one time, met with great distrust.
The Kremlin's pages quote notes to Putin, in which Ivanov states: "It is true that in 2012 I asked you in the interview to ask that this very demanding post, even a problematic post, would be given to me for four years.
Apparently, I have been the head of the presidential office for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Previously he served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defense.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, just like Putin, worked for the State Security Committee (KGB).
In the late 1990s, when Putin commanded the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Putin came to power, Ivanova appointed one of his five closest associates.
At the time, it was even speculated that Ivanov might become Putin's successor to the post of state after his second term because the third term would be unconstitutional for Putin.
This post was taken over by another nearby Putin's associate, Dmitry Medvedev.
Before returning to the presidency, Putin became prime minister just three and a half years later.
Thomas Gibson, the star of the Criminal Thoughts series, was released after he hit the director
Gibson Last Month In Los Angeles he got involved in the physical exchange of views on the scene.
TV stations ABC and CBS, which produced the series, announced in a joint declaration of his release.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, excused himself on Thursday before announcing him.
Creative differences in the scene and disagreements occurred.
I'm sorry it happened, "he said in a statement.
According to statements by ABC and CBS, the details of how Gibson's character disappears from the series that follows the stories of the FBI agent team a little later.
A four hundred and fifty-year-old actor celebrating major roles in the Dharma and Greg sitcoms has performed since the first series in 2005.
"I love the Thoughts of the Criminals, and over the last twelve years I've been giving them heart and soul," Gibson said in a statement he issued Friday.
I was hoping I'd be there until the end, but that would not be possible now.
I would also like to express my thanks to the authors, producers, actors, our amazing team and, above all, the great fans this show has ever been able to hope for.
The return of the series to the twelfth series is expected on September 28th.
In Banff, mysteriously landed in the garden of fish
A man from Banff asked for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 pieces of fish can be sand eels that have left a watercourse there.
Bain, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, has published a short film about his finding on the Periscope Channel, believing that someone could help him explain how about 5 centimeters of fish in his garden got him.
Queensferry Crossing: Most now joins Fife
The £ 1.35bn project is to be completed by May 2017
The engineers connected the northern plateau and Queensferry Crossing and the viaduct - the bridge now connects with Fife.
This is the first of four closures between the platform fans, which are now nearly completed around each of the three bridge pylons.
Part of the bridge from Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of iron and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 hanging ropes.
The £ 1.35bn project is to be completed by May 2017.
Economic Secretary Keith Brown visited the building today and was among the first to land on the bridge.
He said, "This is the historic moment and the symbolic moment of building the Queensferry Crossing.
In this project, we are all witnessing how construction engineers have, on the face of an impressive scale, used more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel to construct this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive dimensions and weight of the bridge, the closure between the viaduct and the bridge platform was a delicate operation that required extraordinary precision.
In its place now is more than 79% of the total area of the bridge, the concrete for the last part of the platform is now cast in Rosyth, so the entire platform is ready to be lifted to the bridge.
Michael Martin, Project Manager, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors, said: "The first closure of the construction of each bridge is always an important milestone.
On this amazing project, this shutter represents the cutting edge of civil engineering.
After installing the last section of the road platform and connecting it to the North Tower expansion platform, we had to close the last gap on the north side - towards the mainland.
We did this by stretching the northern approach viaduct 700 millimeters to the south.
This was a massive and very delicate operation.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 meters long, it weighs about 6,000 tonnes and has to be towed about 3%.
Delicate because the tolerances with which the team worked were very small - only a few millimeters in every direction.
Fortunately, it all happened very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: The three men are "happy to be alive"
The three men are "happy to be alive" after they have washed their water from their fishing boat at Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue boats have announced an alarm at Friday's 13:20 British summer time after the crew incident in the Bay of Moelfre saw.
All three men were trying to swim safely while their boat continued uncontrollably.
"We saw their boat circling near them and the worst of us thought," Moefre rescue boat helper Vince Jones said.
"Fortunately, the strong wind had driven him away from them before we left," he added.
Two men rescued a local fishing boat, the third man at the age of 60 was found without a life jacket exhausted as he kept the buoys.
They were all handed aboard the rescue boat and transported back to the rescue boat station
Jones said, "The three men dropping into the water are happy to be alive and completely injured.
The ship's engine had a rope for emergency shutdown, but somehow it was disconnected from the person who drove the boat when it rolled over.
Someone above the guys held a protective hand.
The judge refuses to deal with the case of Tluchoř's wife.
Petr Tluchoř is one of the three deputies who, according to the indictment, should have received a political traffick from the Prime Minister Nečas and his former head of the Cabinet of Jana Nagyová, a lucrative post for a political concession.
In 2012, the tax package was approved.
Šnajdr, Fuksa and Tluchoř allowed him to resign.
Then they appeared on influential posts in state-owned companies.
So they also faced suspicion of bribery and ended up in custody for a month.
However, according to the court, it was unjustifiably, and thus received compensation of almost 2 million crowns.
Tluchoer now acts as a witness in the case, following the intervention of the Supreme Court.
His wife works in a court building on the Ovocný trh and resolves civil disputes.
Still, he wants to be cautious of the judge Helena Kralova (he deals with criminal law issues) and to avoid possible objections.
The case will obviously be handled by another Prague District Court.
Kralova has already blessed Jan Necas, twice before Nagy.
It was an alleged misuse of military intelligence to watch Prime Minister Necas Radka's first wife.
In this case, Tluchoř did not.
According to Jaroslav Ortman, however, there is an unnecessarily exaggerated reaction.
I think that impartiality can not be interpreted in such a way as to rule out the court if witnesses have a wife or relatives in court.
I am afraid that nothing could be judged at all, he remarked for the diary.
"It seems to me stinking," he added.
Roman Boček, a former clerk, is also accused of political traffickers.
According to his lawyer Petr Toman, any objection would have a chance to succeed.
The District Court for Prague 1 discussed on June 13 an indictment of the former head of the Cabinet of Prime Minister Petr Nečas Jana Nagyová (today Nečasová) and other accused in the case of misuse of the Military Intelligence.
In the picture, Nečas and her husband come to court.
Tluchořová was supposed to solve the speeches about Peroutka.
For example, the wife of the exponent had to judge the statements of President Milos Zeman about the democratic pre-war journalist Ferdinand Peroutka.
Zeman said he had sympathized with Adolf Hitler.
One of the schoolgirls is already dead!
The girl apparently died in the air raid of Allied forces.
She and her two elderly girlfriends flew to Syria last February from London Gatwick airport.
The British Interior Ministry did not comment on her death.
Young Londoners who escaped from home were secretly transferred to Syria via the Turkish border, according to the police.
Shamima Begum, Amira Abase, and Kadiza Sultana headed for the media as their former classmate at London's Bethnal Green Academy.
The case last year caused a huge wave of attention and tensions in relations between Britain and Turkey.
British security forces estimate that about 600 British Muslims have gone to Syria, including about 50 young women and girls.
Many of them joined radicals from IS and other groups.
Those who return home are a terrorist threat to Britain.
Dream work for a hundred thousand dollars.
A great paid job that you do not even need a college.
So it looks at the first glance of the job.
And often the other.
The advantage is not only an extremely high salary in the Czech Republic (in Prague you will earn up to CZK 180,000 in IT), but also the extreme benefits.
The reason is a huge lack of IT specialists.
There are thousands of specialists missing.
An estimated 20,000 IT specialists are missing in the Czech Republic.
Among the most searched are Grafton HR agencies, programmers, developers, network engineers, and application specialists.
Candidates can choose between several job offers.
So they do not compete for job candidates, but job positions for candidates, comments Jitka Součková, marketing manager at Grafton Recruitment.
College is not a must.
Higher education is not a must for anybody.
Higher education is a good basis and is an overall indicator of the candidate's intelligence and educability, but it does not often have much to do with knowledge of development.
Developers need to constantly learn new things, which does not replace any university, says Petr Kubačka, director of Monster Career CZ.
The most is earned in Prague.
The wages of horses are everywhere high above the national average.
The most money will come in Prague and Brno, in regions it is not such a hit.
"The wage conditions in Brno are comparable to those in Prague," says Kubačka.
The highest earnings will be achieved by the technical directors.
In Prague and Brno they can come to CZK 120,000 - 180,000.
In other regions, the salary is lower, but it does not fall below 80,000 CZK.
Demands are also IT project managers.
Upon their arrival they can earn 60,000 - 100,000 CZK.
Fighting is also about graduates.
While in some professions graduates often have to go straight to the office of employment, they do not pay for the helpers.
If they are dragging and redeeming companies from another company, they are happy to reach for the graduate.
They can educate him according to his own.
Without language they can not do it.
Knowledge of a foreign language is appropriate in every profession, but at least it is necessary for the English to understand.
Knowledge of at least one foreign language is a must for some IT positions.
On the other hand, we encounter a number of cases where companies are looking for a highly educated and experienced person and are satisfied with only average English knowledge.
However, if a support worker controls more than one foreign language, he is interesting to his employer because he can serve more customers from different countries, adds director Kubačka.
Jóóó in Google, there is paradise.
Only Czech employees can be envious of envy in Google.
Of course there is flexible working hours, the possibility of working from home or various short-time jobs, not only for mothers.
"Newly-dated fathers provide the company with four weeks of leave after the birth of the child," says Martina Jonek, a Google spokesperson.
Pampering also includes health care for employees and family, meals, transportation, training, wellness and massage at the workplace.
Whoever wants to be educated has green and does not care what he wants to learn.
But the benefits are not over.
Such a full freezer refrigerator is also definitely not to be thrown away.
A healthy lunch (in some localities, breakfast and dinner) is available on site every day.
In addition, there are so-called microchips in all offices, where people always find a healthy snack, says the spokesperson.
And in order for nothing to be thrown away, what he does not dream of is put in boxes that employees can take home in the evening.
And the reason for these incredible benefits in the Czech Republic?
Create a creative and motivating environment!
"For Google, it's not important for employees to sit at the office eight hours a day, but the results of initiatives or projects, shifts or developments, ideas, and innovative solutions," the spokesman added.
The UN has sharply criticized Bulgaria for criminalizing refugees.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, UN Commissioner for Human Rights, accused Bulgaria on Thursday of systematically violating human rights by criminalizing refugees.
The official strategy of the Bulgarian government "raises serious concerns about Bulgaria's violation of international law," Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein warned in a statement.
He pointed out that "it is particularly worrying to see how important and influential public figures express public support for criminal armed struggles who rode harshly for refugees on the border between Bulgaria and Turkey."
"One of the most serious problems is that almost all people who cross the Bulgarian territory in an irregular manner are automatically arrested," Zeid stressed.
And worse - often prosecuted and imprisoned - for a year or longer - if they try to leave the country.
Their attempts to leave the country are criminalized despite the fact that everyone has the right under international law to leave any country, including their own.
Bulgaria has seized 14,000 migrants this year, last year for the same period of 21,000.
Pokémon Go - a hunt for health and happiness that pays off
It's fascinating to watch the world change.
Many people have been lamenting over the last decade that teenagers and children are no longer playing outside and prefer spending their free time in front of the screens.
Pokemon Go raises people from the sofas and leads them to activity.
The time spent in front of the screens has shrunk to television, later on video games and, most recently, on smart phones.
It's great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
Of course, I'm talking about fashion, Pokémon Go, the character-based app that first appeared in video games at the end of the 90's (later, cartoon, playing cards and more).
As with many cultural phenomena, there was a drop in interest in the US, Australia and New Zealand before the launch of this new game in early July.
Launching in other countries was postponed due to the massive interest that led to overloading servers.
Pokemon Go has received more users in a few days than Tinder and almost as many users as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, smartphone players go out to look for the Pokemon they are tracking with GPS, and when they find them, they can "take a picture" (via a screenshot on the phone) or "catch".
Mania captured the generation that played the game at a younger age, lifting her out of her seats and pulling out to look for the Pokémon.
In the USA, thanks to this game, there has been a significant increase in the number of steps an average person will make every day.
Apple's Cardiogram for Apples, which tracks 35,000 users, recently reported to the Washington Post that within two days of starting the game, the number of watchers who practiced for 30 minutes each day jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not have information about who Pokémon Go is playing - he only sees raw data about the levels of exercise.
Many public campaigns for people to "find 30," "get out of the couch," and "have been active every day" have fallen into barren soil because most public health messages are boring and intended for people who do not look good.
However, the importance of exercise must not be underestimated.
Those who exercise regularly reduce the risk of cancer or depression.
Physical activity is involved in controlling weight, high blood pressure, diabetes, and a long list of benefits that we can not provide here.
But the beauty of the Pokémon Go game is that people go out and do something they enjoy.
So you cover the three pillars of health - movement, fresh air and sunshine, and fun.
Some people even get new friends when they try to poke.
As is the case, of course, there are also those bored patrons who are looking for any excuse to complain.
And yes, somebody can enter the door.
And what, like?
It was a breakthrough.
At that time, smartphone applications, such as Fitbit, were able to track our activity, but they did not give us reason to do anything like this game.
The novel looks and the interest begins to fall into it at some point.
However, thanks to the success of the Pokémon, other games will emerge that will combine applications and virtual reality with real-world activity and help many people in pursuit of activity, health and better form.
Read Dr. Joe's blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles won gold in women's gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget the excitement.
Simone Biles is immune to all of this.
Dynamic on overflow.
Without effort on the beam.
In the plain, everyone was speechless.
Excellent in everything.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
The nineteen-year-old American gymnast went on a straight line on Thursday for a title in the multiplayer and the rest of the crowd under the Olympic spotlight overcame.
The overall score of 62,198 clearly confirmed her lead over silver medalist and team member "final five" Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafinová.
Simone Biles (USA) on Thursday during a performance in the finals of the Multiboy Individuals in Sports Gymnastics at the Summer Olympics in 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Biles became the fourth American in a row to win the multiboy, and fifth overall when she confirmed her reputation as the best gymnast of her generation and possibly the best at all.
When her final final score was on the blackboard and her long journey ended until that moment, tears appeared on her face.
This success puts her in the same league of unique athletes of his time, such as Michael Phelps, who have given their sport a new dimension:
Biles has dominated her sport for the past three years, winning 15 medals at world championships - including 10 gold medals - her fascinating sets are a mixture of ambition and precision, and the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton has described her as the "best gymnast she has ever seen."
The last test was expected in Brazil, not even between Biles and the rest of the contestants, but between her and the burden of too much expectation.
Anything other than returning home to her family in Spring in Texas with a hand full of gold medals would be perceived as disappointing.
Simone Biles (left) and Aly Raisman embrace the gold and silver medal in the Women's Multiboy Final at the Summer Olympics in 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
First Biles won Tuesday when she was an exclamation mark for the outgoing national team co-ordinator Martha Karolyi.
Biles insists that she has never been looking forward to her on her long journey, but this is not entirely true.
Part of her set-up in the backyard-the one that features a typical double-turn triple-salto for her-is set in Latin music that would just go home in the streets outside the Rio's arena in Rio.
It's no coincidence.
The girl adopted her grandparents as a toddler and her talents were discovered by Aimee Boorman's trainer's mother on the way to the gym where Boorman trained and gained strength.
The multiplayer has not competed since 2013 - it's a victory that can last as long as Biles wants to.
Although Mustafin took a short lead through two turns, it was just an illusion.
Blade and Blessing - where Biles defends the world championship - are waiting.
She got back to the forehead with 15,433 points behind the beam - and culminated with 15,933 points in the blanket.
Raisman embraced her gently as she waited for the final score - a mere formality - and Biles's tears appeared in the shimmering red, white, and blue shadows when a wish she had once written as a little girl was fulfilled.
Raisman's performance was somewhat rewarding for the Olympics four years ago when she was third in Mustafin, but she was bronze for the sum of the three bests.
This time, the twenty-two-year-old team captain that the Americans call "grandmother," was far ahead.
She sent air kisses to her crowd, overcome by a return that sometimes seemed uncertain.
For Biles, the post that this nineteen-year-old athlete has placed on Twitter, where he has become a complete hit, has a whole new meaning:
Police: Three victims in serial killer case shot dead while listening to music in car
Two women and a girl at the age of 12 died during the most serious attack of decades, in the case of the first serial killer in Phoenix, according to a police report released on Thursday, when they were shot in a car, chatting and listening to music.
The authorities announced that Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and daughter Ellis Maleah were shot dead on June 12 in a car parked on the driveway.
The report states that the armed man stood on the side of the passenger and fired eight wounds from a handgun, then fled in another vehicle.
According to the police, the three-time murder robbery does not cost, because the attacker did not take the wallets, nor the $ 2,900 that one of the adult victims had.
Phoenix police spokesperson, sergeant Jonathan Howard said the investigators were investigating whether the shooting had any connection with any of the previous four attacks.
In two predominantly Hispanic quarters, nine attacks occurred during four months, killing seven people and injuring two others.
"It's happening in a residential area in front of houses," Howard said earlier this month for the KPHO branch of CBS.
The police believe the suspect used several cars, including Nissan brown from the late 1990s, black BMW from the late 1990s and white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to reveal what evidence led them to conclude that the attacks were related and carried out by the same murderer.
Ellis (33) was taken to a hospital where she later succumbed to her injuries.
Liner (31) and Ellis' daughter Maleah died on the spot.
A witness told the police that it was not uncommon for women to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities also published a police report on shooting, the target of which was a blank delivery just half an hour before a triple murder. The police believe that it was the serial killer.
Investigators found cartridges and a bullet from the bulk of the bullets in the seat and from under the bonnet.
Mother of a six-year-old child with microcephaly: "His condition is improving"
Edmund Picciuto, like most children of his age, loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But unlike their peers, they suffer from microcephalitis, which is the result of a genetic disorder that his mother, Elizabeth Picciut, did not know during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, the first time I thought I could not do this.
I can not do this.
I'm not ready for this.
Which is not true at all - clearly, you're ready, "she said.
She and her husband, Vincent, learned that Edmund might never know and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested that they be placed in the institute.
"My first reaction was that I thought that people are not doing this today," explains Picciut.
Edmund walks with a walker.
He could not sit or crawl until he was three years old, and still does not speak.
Some milestones are already slowly filling.
He goes with help and rides a bike.
You also love to play with your two brothers and love singing.
Elizabeth performs sign language by which Edmund says "Please Sing Me".
"We teach him sign language," said Picciut for CBS News.
But it's not a common sign language - he says Edmund made some of his characters himself.
Microcephaly can arise from a variety of conditions: genetic, as is the case with Edmund, and infections in pregnancy caused by viruses such as measles or Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis may vary significantly.
It's too early to say what impact the Zik virus will have on the lives of the infected.
Picciut recalls the emotional tax that an uncertain future chooses.
I keep asking, "What's next?"
What's next?
And she still is not sure.
In fact, I have never asked what the overall prognosis is, because I do not expect anyone to tell me at all.
Picciut has an encouraging message for mothers of all children who suffer from congenital malformations caused by Zic virus.
The situation is improving.
Know that it will be better.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Strong rain and floods required rescue work in Louisiana, Mississippi
The heavy rain and heavy floods in Louisiana caused the governor to declare an emergency on Friday, with more rain in the state on Saturday.
The National Meteorological Service (NWS) has announced that after extreme deluge, a number of rivers in the southeast of Louisiana and in the southern Mississippi spill from its shores and threatens extensive floods.
Louisian Governor John Bel Edwards said that civil servants are in constant contact with local authorities and help is already on their way to the affected areas.
Mike Steele, spokesperson for the National Security and Crisis Situation Governor's Office, said they were receiving applications for water rides, boats and sandbags.
Steele said that only the Tangipaho district had asked for ten thousand sacks of sand.
Flood patrols will stay in most southern Louisiana to work Saturday.
Meteorological service said in the statement that more than 8 to 13 centimeters may be over the sea.
In southern Alabama, the flood patrol was on alert on Friday when rains continued in the Mobile area.
According to the forecast, Comite's Baton Rouge and Amite rivers at Denham Springs culminate in the weekend.
Meteorologist Alek Krautmann said that both said they could flood a number of homes in the suburban areas of Baton Rouge.
He also said that the downstream floods in the Ascension are the dangers, when these discharged streams will only slowly flow into Lake Maurepas.
The River Tickfaw, somewhat further south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, has reached the highest recorded levels on Friday at 9am local time.
Rescuers are still picking up people from the floodwaters in the Amite and Wilkinson counties in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepmother were already on Friday between Ghoster rescued.
Hansford (62) said that the water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 120 meters from his house, quickly rose overnight.
He said that his next stepmother, who lives nearby, raised him.
"We woke up and the water was approaching," Hansford said.
We had her up to her waist.
According to his wife, this is the highest level he has ever experienced in the river over the last 48 years.
Hansford said he and all the members of his family are disabled, and he is the only one who can swim.
Hansford said the crisis workers rescued all three huge military-style trucks and took them to the Gloster fire station where they were covered on Friday.
Krautmann said that with the continuation of heavy rains the floods "spread rapidly" and the authorities are considering evacuation.
According to Krautmann, an observer near Livinston announced that 35 centimeters of rainfall had fallen from midnight to Friday to morning.
Krautmann said the soil was soaked from Wednesday.
Officials said heavy rainfall and paid trips required residents to rescue their homes in the Tangipahoa district and cancel teaching in five school districts.
The CBS Branch WWL Branch reported that 200 homes were flooded under the age of Tangipaho.
The inhabitants were evacuated into two churches, which are now both flooded.
Mayor of the municipality, Robby Miller, said the authorities had rescued 72 people and seven domestic animals that had trapped high water.
In the village of Amite and in Hammond, shelters were established for those evacuated.
"They will be able to go home when the water starts to fall," he said.
In the Tangipahoa district of Hammond, more than 20 streets were closed due to the flood, and local residents were given sandbags that they could pick up and try to protect their homes and businesses from water.
"We've had the last major floods in March," City Administrator Lacy Landrum said.
It seems like these floods will be similar.
Rupert Lacy, a crisis manager at Harrison County, Mississippi, said persistent rain continued on the Gulf Coast.
He said Thursday was reported flooding a few homes, but on Friday none of them were reported in the report.
Keith Townson, Head of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for over 40 years.
"I've seen water in several places I've never seen before," Townson said, "and it's still there."
Mahaj Brown (6) - "Boy Shot Like Saying", survived shooting in Philadelphia
According to the police, a six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, this week being a second shot at a child aged 6 in the city.
The child's grandparents identified him as Ceausescu's Philadelphia as Mahai Brown.
Grandparents say that the boy suffered several gunshot injuries, including weaknesses, legs, arms and abdomen, but he was conscious when transporting to the hospital.
"He had missed it very much, his little body was shot as he was," said his grandmother, Delores Melendez.
I can not believe it.
The boy is in a critical condition in the hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
The family told the station that the boy should recover.
He was to enter the first class of elementary school.
Mahaj Brown is among the four people who were shot in Germantown.
Three other men were shot: two at the age of 29 and one at the age of 32.
One of the men aged 29 is in critical condition, according to CBS Philadelphia, there are two more victims in a stabilized state.
According to the station report, the child was found shot in the front seat of the vehicle along with a twenty-nine-year-old man in a critical condition.
Two other victims were not in the car and the police were investigating whether any of the injured men could be a shooter.
Investigators at the CBS Philadelphia said that there was probably a firefight between several armed men.
On the spot were found shells of attack-type weapons, belonging to various assault weapons.
It seems to be definitely a continuing battle.
There were cartridges on both sides of the sidewalk in the street.
It seems, therefore, that there were several armed combatants who were actively involved, "Anthony Ginaldi, Captain of the Philadelphian Police, told the station.
Several houses and vehicles in the area were also hit.
No one was detained and the police allegedly investigated videos from cameras.
Another six-year-old, this time a girl, was shot in a stray missile on Tuesday in front of the house in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
The girl is recovering and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Why do we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie?
That's how I imagine the women's gymnastics team for this year's Olympic Games, for several reasons.
Firstly, I have been to every summer Olympics since 1984 and the US has never been so dominant.
And secondly, there are three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who inspired so many young colored girls.
Everyone is proud of the composition of this team, which is complemented by Aly Raisman, who is of Jewish origin, and Catholic Madison Kocian.
Finally, we have a team that looks like America.
He also strengthened the presence of Blacks and Latin Americans at the peak of this sport.
The gymnast number one in the last four years was African-American.
Simone and Gabby were on the first and second place last year.
It means something.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Dougals surprisingly became the Olympic champion and America was glad.
Now the world could witness the incredible performance of three times world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, who showed unexpected but masterful gymnastic figures.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth American to win gold in women's multiboot singles.
And team member Aly Raisman got silver.
We are witnessing a sporting peak, but it does not look like gymnastics in the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie went to the Olympic team the same way as Aly and Madison.
They are "the final five" because the gymnastics team for the next Olympic Games will be composed of only four athletes, and this is the last year Marta Karolyi trains.
The fact is, though, that gymnastics is a financially demanding sport, and gymnasts train mainly in private gymnastics clubs that keep parents who pay for training, equipment, travel, jerseys, competition fees, hotel accommodation (for coaches and their carers and families).
Most of these sports clubs are in rich suburban areas that can support activities.
In these clubs, the gymnasts have all the workouts and for the gymnasts and gymnasts families it is a costly and long-term commitment.
Aimee Boorman, coach Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained athletes at the time they started gymnastics.
It is our duty to bring gynecology trainings that are more accessible and accessible to the communities of countless young girls inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded the Gymnastics Foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, where we offer free or low-cost gymnastics in Harlem for more than 15,000 young people within the city (primarily black and Hispanic), we have trained both national and international champions.
In September we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) where we will provide high-quality gymnastics to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination of the body and hard work, discipline and determination of the mind.
This combination means lifetime benefits for good health, success at school and at work.
Inspiring this team will send us thousands of young girls who want to do gymnastics, and that's great.
Participation in this sport is very important, especially for girls.
It's a very exciting time.
Thank you, Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison, for having demonstrated "girl power" and winning Olympic team gold, and thank you for motivating so many young girls of all origins to go on to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Following the dismissal of Jeremy Hunt's proposal, young doctors are ready to enter into further strikes
The ministers hoped that after the conclusion of the revised contract with the British Medical Association (BMA), there would be no disagreement about the changes, but 58 percent of the 37,000 young doctors who participated in the election refused the contract.
In July, Hunt revealed plans to enforce a treaty, saying the NHS was "nobody's country," and another delay would have a detrimental impact on employees and patients.
The first young doctors have already signed a new contract that includes changes in night and weekend work practices to improve care in non-social classes.
Dr Ellen McCourt, Chair of the BMA for Young Physicians, said in a statement last night: "Young doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, especially in the sense that the current labor crisis is rising and therefore fair treatment with all doctors."
Only eight weeks before the first group of doctors goes under the new treaty, progress is needed and time is coming.
BMA's efforts to resolve disputes through negotiation have met reluctance to engage with dr, and often with deafening silence from the government.
Notwithstanding Jeremy Hunt's vow last month, this option is still open.
"Jeremy Hunt now has to act, push for enforcement and resolve the fears of young doctors."
If this is not the case, young doctors are ready to take the next steps.
During the last strike at the end of April, nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 visits were postponed because nurses and specialists were called to represent doctors who were among the protestors.
The ministers hoped that after the conclusion of the revised contract with the British Medical Association (BMA), the disagreements regarding the changes would be concluded.
BMA wants higher weekend payments for the 54,000 young doctors who are subject to a contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chairman of the NHS employers, urged young doctors not to enter any strike.
Mortimer said: "There will be little or nothing at all in the field event, but pressure will be placed on already overloaded teams and services, and fears, exhaustion, and disruption will increase for patients, nursing staff and their families."
Over the past two months, we have been working with a number of young doctors, and along with the Ministry of Health and others we have responded positively to their concerns about the role of supervisor and informant.
Employers were hoping that the continued positive engagement of other important issues - such as spending, flexibility in training, further training for those returning after career breaks, training costs, mutual recognition of subjects, study time and gender pay gap - was a proof of how seriously employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health are agreeing with the BMA in November, February and May.
A cure for sixty crowns per day can reduce the risk of a heart attack
Thousands of patients who are at risk of heart attack will be able to take a drug that costs about six pounds (£ 2) and recommends that they be given to more patients for longer periods of time.
Ticagrelor's blood clotting medication reduces the risk of heart attack in people with heart disease.
The medication is now administered for 12 months after the infarction to reduce the risk of stroke or other seizure.
NHS watchdog NICE recommends that the drug be administered to humans for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Now, however, the NHS watchdog recommends that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
England suffers an infarction every year for about 140,000 people, and a quarter of them suffer another seizure or heart stroke.
Infarction and stroke are caused by the accumulation of fat that forms a continuous layer on the walls of the artery.
If this layer breaks out, a blood clot may occur, blockage of blood in the heart and a heart attack.
If the clot frees up, it can continue to move the bloodstream, block the blood supply to the brain and cause a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are at greater risk of another seizure.
Ticagrelor, manufactured by the British company AstraZeneca and marketed under the trade name Brilique, reduces the risk by making the precipitations less likely.
In the proposed NICE directive that was published today, it is recommended that patients receive 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months and then 60 mg with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Health Technology Assessment Center, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatment, there is a quarter of patients who have a heart attack and suffer further heart attacks or strokes - often with devastating consequences."
Fear of repetition may have a significant negative impact on the quality of life of the patient.
It is proven that Ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of further heart attacks and stroke in people who have already had a heart attack.
We are pleased that, with Ticagrelor's preliminary recommendation, we can expand the treatment options that are available to many thousands of people who can benefit from it.
Because information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited over three years, suggestion treatment is not recommended beyond this time.
Computer fraud has begun to flourish in Muslim areas
Mayor of Tower Hamlets, Lutfur Rahman was dismissed last year for corruption, coupled with a government report
The culture of political correctness has led to ignoring the spreading deceit in Muslim communities, the government report said today.
Ex-Secretary Sir Eric Pickles sharply criticizes the police, election inspectors, and town halls for ignoring voters' abuse due to "hypersensitivity to ethnicity and religion."
Earlier community secretary, now ruler of anti-corruption attacks, said voters' intimidation on the basis of their religion was so bad that the police should make coronets in front of polling stations and protect voters scared.
He recommended that voters take their identity card with them and can show who they are in the election.
At present, the voters just need to give their name and address.
The report further proposes to put indelible ink on the fingers of people when casting a voice to prevent someone from voting twice.
Whistleblowers should have more protection, says Pickles.
Requests that the press be given greater access to document documents and to decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
"It's not just about protecting against electoral fraud, but also protecting the local government from the wider corrupt environment and financial frauds that go hand in hand," he said.
Downing Street has claimed the report as a result of an election scandal in Tower Hamlets in West London.
Last year, a special electoral court ruled that acting mayor of Lutfur Rahman should be removed from his post for allegations of corruption and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman had "cynically hit" the religious feelings of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with allegations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, according to his words, "led his campaign so that it was a religious duty for devout Muslims to vote for him."
Up to 300 voices were questioned or as a result of identity theft, when one votes and makes himself known to someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed particular concern about fraud in correspondence voting - which allegedly claimed that older members of the Muslim community had put pressure on people to vote for the candidate they chose.
Sir Eric, pictured, gave several recommendations on how to clean up the electoral system, including submitting an identity document
The report states: "Evidence has been provided that vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, especially women and young people, have been pressured to vote according to the will of the elderly, especially in communities originating from Pakistan and Bangladesh."
"There was concern that ... the state institutions were eyeing such behavior because of" politically correct "hypersensitivity to ethnicity and religion."
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations on how to clean up the system, including allowing political activists to manipulate correspondence voices and prevent "voices".
The report, which is now being evaluated by Theresa Maya, also calls for more thorough checks on registrations to prevent the use of immigration and bribery lists.
Consider the possibility of asking voters to submit an identity document before voting.
Use indelible ink on people's fingers to vote to prevent someone from voting twice.
Performing systematic checks on the nationality of people to ensure they can vote.
Requests for automatic mailing-in to be limited to three years.
Disallow political agitators and activists to manipulate their correspondent votes and electoral envelopes.
Let the police have the right to create cords around the polling stations.
Modify laws to make it easier to prosecute people who have been subjected to unlawful coercion under the 1983 Reform Act.
Disable photo shootings in polling stations.
Require only English (except Wales) to work in the polls.
Strengthen training and ensure that workers comply with the rule that voters go to the polling booth individually.
Sir Eric criticizes the London police and says it is "surprising" that there were no allegations of crimes after Tower Hamlets.
"The Election Tribunal ruled out Lutfur Rahman and his agent for the litany of corruption and illegal practices," he said.
For many reasons, he was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - in the strength of evidence of a criminal offense.
It also criticizes the unsuccessful "checks of check boxes" in the departments for registration of voters in the town hall.
Sir Eric said, "The court decision in the Tower Hamlets case last night.
Our nation has a proud reference to the cradle of parliamentary democracy, but the worrying and hidden spread of electoral fraud and the status of rejection by some authorities threaten this reputation.
Bridging the Bike Duchess of Duchess Kate and other doubles of famous personalities at the Olympics in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio 2016 got crazy this week with French biker Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who is strikingly similar to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympian is by no means the only athlete seeking this gold this year, boasting her own double from a number of well-known personalities - at least not by social networks.
To celebrate the Olympic Games in Rio and all the famous personalities currently appearing on our screens, the FEMAIL Women's Pillar has compiled a list of Olympians who are more than remotely resembling Hollywood celebrities.
As a hunted game: A member of the Arcadian Army Team Brady Ellison (left) has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio
Besides Kate's double on the bike track, many people online quickly pointed out that an archer might be the twin star of Leonard DiCaprio.
Brady Ellison, a shooter from the American Archery team, caused a storm on Twitter after his pictures emerged, remarkably similar to the Wall Street wolf.
Brady himself noticed media madness and admitted that he had heard of his similarity with Leah from a little.
"He does not see any great resemblance, except for his beard," Brady told Huffington Post.
"He's a dude and looks good, so I think it's a compliment."
One of London's most popular comparisons this year will undoubtedly be accentuated this year: a striking form between Greg Rutherford, a British skipper, and favorite actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Ali Ali Mustafin, with her big, distinctive eyes, was said to be a copy of Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And when we look at the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been likened to the star of Gell Matthew Morrison for several years.
And for Change: The user thinks Nathan's "athletic version" of an actor from Inception,
Another long-term comparison is the comparison of tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who have similarly dense eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver swimmer Yulia Efimov boasts not just the same blonde hair and blonde hair as Annalynne McCord, and Nathan Adrian of the US fans say he looks like an athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt.
Fair Women: Soccer Star Hope Sol (left) and actress Dexter Jennifer Carpenter (right) have a similar face and eye shape
Not only one: The Twitter user was very pleased to see the similarities of others
On waves of theory: According to this user, there may be a reason for a similar pairs
One Twitter user recently reported on the site that "the rest of the Internet thinks Hope Sol and Jennifer Carpenter are genuinely identical."
Soccer star Hope Sol and actress Dexter Jennifer Carpenter have really incredibly similar face and eyes.
Among other favorites, Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile is almost identical to Laura Linney's smiling smile, or Gabby Douglas's golden medal for gymnastics, boasting her gorgeously wide smile, as if copying the smile of Gabrielle Union, the star of Bravo, girls!
Olympic Games Commentator CBC apologizes for saying that a Chinese swimmer said she "blew"
Viewers of Wednesday's live broadcast from the Olympic Games at the CBC station outraged the performance of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's commentator Byron MacDonald, who finished fourth in the women's race at the 4x200m free style relay
Canadian station CBC was forced to apologize after one of her commentators said the fourteen-year-old Chinese swimmer was "pulling like a smell" and "blew out" during the race.
Commentator Byron MacDonald believed that his microphone was off when he began to shed his own opinions at the end of the women's relay stage at 4x200 meters of free style.
MacDonald, who had a "revival" in CBC commentators, said: "That little 14-year-old woman from China has given up, you idiot."
Too much excitement, like a sting, ran out.
Thanks.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan (14) took the second race of the race at 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Ruck and allowed Canadian China to tighten.
Canadian audiences began to sound fast online and were horrified by the tone and language used by the commentator
Emmett Macfarlane wrote on Twitter: "Has the CBC announcer said a 14-year-old swimmer from China" blew up "????"
The idiot did not notice he was still in the broadcast. "
Ai Yanhan from China in the final of the women's relay race at 4x200 meters free style was described as: "That little 14-year-old woman from China has given up, you idiot."
Byron MacDonald's criticism of Twitter has come from all sides and many have demanded his appeal
When Twitter users learned how insensitive Byron MacDonald is, they did not hold back
Another user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow #ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and it sounds like we'd be a bunch of racists. # Disgusting.
Soon afterwards, Scott Russel, who hosted CBC broadcasts, apologized for MacDonald's vivid comment and said: "Sorry for commenting on the performance of the swimmer who escaped the broadcast."
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. "
CBC finally apologized more than 90 times to people who tweet in response to a comment
Co-thinker Scott Russel had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald
CBC then copied and put their apology in response to more than 90 Twitter users who complained about MacDonald commentators' comments
The station also apologized quickly and published a statement.
She sincerely regrets that the words were spoken, she could not get into the ether.
We quickly apologized to our viewers in the broadcast and to those watching us on social networks.
To be clear, Byron's comments concerned the performance of the swimmer, not the swimmer himself.
In other words, it was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words. Byron apologizes deeply for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, Byron MacDonald apologized in a live broadcast and attempted to explain his remark by saying he did not want it to sound like a personal assault.
"I would like to apologize now for the comment I made last night after the women's relay," he said in a broadcast from the Olympics at CBC.
"I meant the performance of a swimmer and not a swimmer as such."
"There is no need to say that I did not intend any disrespect and I am very sorry."
Customers in Primark are offended by a woman who has been shamelessly trying out lingerie in the middle of a business
When the woman was dressed to try out her panties on the sales area in the middle of Primark, the shopkeepers were not sure where to look.
To make it even worse, trying to get her size down, she took off her panties and returned it back to the shelf.
She continued to browse and finally tried four pairs of panties at the Bouverie Place Shopping Mall in Flokestone.
The Primark Store at the Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkestone, where the woman tried her panties before returning them to the shelf
The two-year-old mother, Jenny Davidson, who was in the store at the time, said that the mysterious woman "dressed up and went out of the shop without buying anything after trying out the underwear."
She said, "People could not believe their own eyes."
She stood in the middle of the store, took her panties out of the shelf, undressed her own pantyhose and panties, and put them on.
"She did not even try to find a discreet place-she just stood there like a monkey."
"Everyone was just staring at how she removed her panties again, and obviously did not like it because she was back in the rack."
She had done the same thing with three others before she finally decided she did not like her, dressed her again, and left.
"She did not seem to mind who was watching - not even thinking about the guy who might buy the briefs she had tried."
Miss Davidson (33), who lives in Kent, said, "The idea of taking some panties that someone else wore, and nobody cleaned them, that's ugly."
The event took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Miss Davidson added, "When she left, I picked up things that obviously tried to pull them off of sales - which is the only one that is right."
"I would be frightened of the idea of bringing my new panties home and finding that she was wearing another woman, stripping them and not being washed."
Primark's spokesman said: "Primark knows about the incident that occurred in our store in Folkestone on Tuesday, August 9."
All the products concerned were withdrawn from the sale.
How to defend against the attack of weapons using Krav Maga
The world outside is dangerous, but thanks to this Dailymail.com video it could be a little safer for you.
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, Grandmaster of the Krav Magy Federation, based in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers shortly.
This video will show you how to suddenly gain superiority over the rapist, whether you are approaching from the front or back.
If you approach the back, says Mizrachi, then the first thing you have to do is turn around to see your attacker and "have a free missile track".
You will then grab the weapon between your forearm and shoulder just before you hit it in your face with a free elbow.
Then, your knee moves to the weak, and while the attacker shrieks in pain, you cut his weapon out of your hand, hit it in the face and start to recede, keeping the weapon pointing at it.
If the armed man approaches you from the front, it's a similar technique - get your body out of the firing line, grasp the weapon and rotate it so the villain can not shoot.
At the same time put the force into the gun and hit the attacker in the chest, then the weapon from the grip of the grip and begin to recede, still focus on it.
Sounds complicated?
Check out the video to see exactly how Mizrachi is doing.
Do not forget, however, that the safest way to get out of the raid - if you are not the Grandmaster of Krav Maga - is to release all the cash.
Traveler Ian Wright licks the dirtiest places in Europe into a travel guide
A British traveler has decided to test his immune system and a bland reflex - licking the dirtiest and most disruptive places in Europe.
Ian Wright (51), originally from Suffolk, has been using his tongue euro banknote, the Piccadilly Circus rail, the toilet flush button on the train and the Russian public phone to prove the strength of his immune system.
He used a luminometer to show himself and all to what he was doing.
The experiment, based on which Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was shot, has brought interesting results.
The idea of licking the flush-on button on the train, which was used by thousands of other people, may seem totally repulsive, however, in the kitchen sink, it is actually much more harmful bacteria.
Ian Wright has been talking to physicians and healthcare professionals throughout his journey across Europe about strengthening bacteria of intestinal flora and about his own health.
Fortunately, nothing he licked left him anything worse than a taste in his mouth.
Ian Wright is famous for testing the immunity of his bowels while traveling around the world and eating both strange and amazing things.
During this mission he safely tested his immune system - from the public railings to the train stations after the flushing
In his film, he says, "I have not cared much about my health since my childhood, and I've been doing everything in my mouth, from clay to eating worms and muddy water."
In the film, he certainly confirmed his reputation.
The only thing he refused was dirty public toilets in Russia.
After a simple swipe, the luminometer showed more than 4,000 units.
For comparison, freshly washed hands should be less than 60.
One public toilet in Russia but refused to lick after his luminometer showed more than 4,000 units while freshly washed hands have less than 60
Ian Wright and Finnish dairy maker Valio shot a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, which shows the numbers of bacteria in different places, such as the bathroom
In the film, he said, "This is almost the toughest thing I ever felt in the toilet."
Nothing more dirty than this does not exist!
I will not eat anything, because it's disgusting.
Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was shot in collaboration with the Finnish Valio dairy manufacturer.
The company has provided Valu Gefilus, which contains lactic acid bacteria and vitamins C and D that help humans strengthen intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Niko Vuorenmaa, Senior Vice President of Valio for Snacks, Juices and New Categories, said, "We wanted to offer something really new to consumers.
Something that would follow interest, while allowing us to explain the benefits of probiotics.
We invented a lot of crazy ideas that ended up with the idea of "call John."
It is said that interest in bowel health is becoming a global phenomenon.
Instead of talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a wider context - good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of bowel health and how it is linked to the immune system.
Growing interest in healthy intestines is a global phenomenon, and through this document we have provided consumers with more detailed information in an interesting way.
I also think that the movie has a great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, adds, "Let's say that, Ian would lose my respect if he licked something from what I wanted - such as the disgusting Russian toilet in the movie."
Licking some things naturally made it easier for Ian, others quite hard.
I'm glad we shot some of those dirty things. "
In 2008, Valio conducted a survey of 84 percent of respondents associating lactic acid bacteria with gastric and intestinal health, and 58 percent said they were at least occasionally using products containing added lactic acid bacteria.
The family socially needed before the evictions damaged the municipal building in Saltash, Cornwall
The family of socially needed people left their house at £ 50,000 after being accused of terrorizing their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were evicted from a house in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long row of complaints against them.
After their violent eviction from the house, the officers of the housing association were shocked to find that the property was in a state of emergency.
There were holes in the walls, the floor covering was torn, garbage was rolling on the floor, and the walls were scorched.
The family has already moved out and is believed to be living in private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, Housing Officer at Cornwall Housing, said she was worried about rescuing the house.
She said, "It was a nightmare for the people, and I do not think people should live like this.
A number of circumstances need to be considered, as this property probably comes into the consciousness as "not so good a part" of Cornwall.
The family is infamous and their names are infamous.
The couple have three sons who sometimes stayed in the house, and the police said the horror of the family was street battles using baseball bats, intimidation of the surrounding population, drug use, drug distribution, and loud cries, quarrels and insults.
Skeldon (47), whose name was listed on the lease, was sentenced in June for anti-social behavior.
In several rooms in the house, which may have been demolished, smelly garbage has been found.
There was a torn floor covering in the house where drugs were distributed in the past
The neighbors say they saw them in the streets, and they regularly call people to the police
Cornwall Housing, her partner and her partner, forced herself out of the house this week after being given an additional 11 weeks to move out voluntarily.
The neighbors, relieved, had the exile to welcome their lives as living hell.
One of them said, "They did not care about anyone at all."
We lived with them for 20 years, and it always was like this.
The number of times we've seen the police here can not be counted.
"We could not sleep this morning."
We got up because there was an incredible silence - we are not used to it!
It will be nice when they are finally gone.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's Surveillance Manager, said the family was unable to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, the police were called regularly to the house
Waste and old toys lingered in the overgrown part of the village house
He adds: "It is a disgrace that the tenant has failed to take responsibility for his own behavior and his family's behavior. Moving out is always the last step that Cornwall Housing is considering.
This was a very complicated case because their behavior was extreme and their witness actions had to terrify their neighbors.
I appreciate all the work done by my team, Devon and Cornwall police, and members of the local community who have bravely informed us.
I hope this step will bring a bit of comfort to our neighbors and at the same time will carry a message that we will not tolerate non-social behavior.
Fitzpatrick said that all three of the tenant's sons who lived in the house at different times were about 20 years old.
A polluted mattress that remained on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after eviction
Workers will now have to remove the piles of rubbish that have been poured around the house
In 2014, the police shelled in the house and found over 70 grams of cannabis, weights, equipment, and £ 1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined when she was found guilty of holding Class B drugs she wanted to sell.
She claimed that money was spent on the foundations of her son's house, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
It is believed that Tanya and her partner after the eviction now live in private accommodation in Plymouth.
Walls in many rooms of the house were painted with graffiti.
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who violate the rules of their lease agreements
Angela Crow of Denova and Cornwall police said the eviction was sending out a clear message to other tenants who would continue to violate the rules.
"This is a message to all those who think they can behave with impunity and to those who want to follow such behavior," she said.
Denova and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and non-social behavior, and will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal are scared after a low-flying jet airplane over the beach
Tourists who enjoyed the sunshine in Aveiro, Portugal, were scared to death
Portuguese Air Force P-3C Orion flew up incredibly low
The Air Force declared that it was a training flight and insisted that there was no threat to safety
As soon as the low-flying jet hit the overflowing beach, panic struck the frightened tourists.
The dramatic snapshots show how a military plane gets close to the distance from sunny people on a sandy beach near Aveiro in northern Portugal.
The tourists started to rise after being disturbed by the jet engine noise without seeing what came out of the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon on Costa Nova near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several holidaymakers who published dramatic flyer videos on social networks, said, "The plane has flown twice very low and at one point it seems to crash."
Nuno Arroja adds, "I was surfing and I really thought the plane would fall on my head."
The tourists at the Aveiro beach were horrified when a plane flying low fell out of the darkness
The Portuguese Air Force announced today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to bear low because it was the only way to check the ship.
The aircraft allegedly flew a little lower than usual, due to the poor visibility caused by the smoke from nearby forest fires, but the airline insists that the safety of people is not jeopardized.
Forest fires destroyed part of mainland Portugal this summer and claimed four lives on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force announced today that the pilot had to fly low due to dense fog and smoke from fires that prevented him from viewing
The airplane was on a training flight, and the pilot was asked to identify a fishing boat during training.
Half of funeral services do not comply with regulations.
Half of funeral service providers do not comply with legislation.
The Czech Trade Inspection (CTI) found this during the second quarter inspections.
Funeral services do not usually tell the survivors about their prices or issue a written confirmation of receipt of the order.
CTI has imposed 41 fines totaling 73,000 crowns.
Today, her spokesperson Jiří Fröhlich informed her.
Inspectors found errors in 47 of 95 inspections.
In addition to not knowing the prices and missing confirmations, some funeral services also sold products or provided services at prices other than agreed.
In five cases, the products sold were not properly marked and one seller used an officially unverified gauge.
The Inspection therefore prohibited the sale of 23 products for a total of 7077 crowns.
It involved packs on urns, candle covers and vases that were not properly marked with mandatory information.
"Given that there is still a violation of the law in this specific service area, the audit will continue in the next quarter of this year," Fröhlich added.
A London schoolgirl who joined the IS was killed in Syria
It was reported that Kadiza Sultana, one of the three British schoolchildren who left London to join IS, died in Syria.
Tasnim Akunjee, a lawyer, said the family had learned about her death in Syrian Rakce a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported on Thursday that it was likely killed during a Russian air raid in Rakce, which is the group's bastion in the country.
The sultan was 17 years old and according to her family she died just as she prepared to escape the war-stricken country and return to Britain.
"People want to believe that the only good thing about the whole thing - like a message and a warning to others that these are the real dangers of going to the war zone - is that it discourages people from ever making decisions," Akunjee said.
Sultana and two other schoolgirls from eastern London joined in February 2015 into a plane to Turkey and then to a bus to the border with Syria.
The Sultan family found out she was married to the IS fighter in Syria - and she was widowed within a few months.
Reid says if Clinton is elected, he will leave Garland as a candidate of the Supreme Court.
Democratic Party Senate leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton nominates Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if elected.
Senators in the Senate have blocked Garland's appointment, even though President Barack Obama has nominated him in March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnel says the person who replaces the late judge of the Supreme Court will elect a future president.
Reid during a conference call on Thursday said he believes Clinton will select Garland "with a certain degree of credibility."
Reid's spokeswoman later said she did not talk to Clinton about Garland's nomination, and that he only speculated.
He appreciated Garland and said the Clinton team would not want to "swing the ship" by choosing someone else.
Garland is chairman of the Federal Appeals Court in Washington.
Reid said the republics blocking Garland's appointment are "minions" and "hopping" Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He said Trump did not fit into office.
According to Treats, naked calendars for "women and men"
The Treats Magazine works closely with photographer David Bellem on the 2017 calendar, inspired by Pirelli's 70s calendar.
But instead of revealed celebrities, they are trying to find the next generation of top models for their calendar.
President Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nudity magazine is different from Playboy from the old school because "Playboy is for men."
I do it for women.
She obviously thinks that the calendar also.
"We have to go back to displaying timeless and classical nudes where women and men feel comfortable and are inspired by photographs of the woman's body," Shaw said in a press release for the release of the calendar.
Women want to be part of this project because it is a wonderful piece of art.
Models can send their pictures online or personally during open auditions in Los Angeles and New York.
Where does vinyl go: who really buys gramophone records?
Vinyl loves lone middle-aged men.
Before you decide to overwhelm your comment section under the pseudonym "Not everyone in the Middle East", we note that this statement is based on actual data.
According to YouGov, the so much discussed resurrection of gramophone records is associated not with the boom of millennia who want to admire the originality of possessing a physical object, but with nostalgia of middle age.
Those who have recently bought an album on vinyl are the most likely people aged 45-54.
Young people aged 18-24 are the least likely.
It's not even a huge enthusiast - it all has an emotional dimension: older people who buy gramophone records are more likely to want to keep their feelings (56% versus 53%) and are happy (69% versus 66%).
But are YouGov's results true?
If this blog was broadcast as a TV report, I would watch the camera as I walk into a busy Soho street dressed in a decent gray suit and gesture wide, then stop, pull out my hands and say something authoritarian like, "Let's look at it."
So let's look at it.
While the charm and magic of Soho's heart slowly disappears - the buildings once occupied by independent retailers are now filled with hotels, restaurants and canteens, clothing and office supplies - a few fantastic specialty gramophone trades still remain.
I would probably ask the camera to stop shooting for a while, and I'll stand close to the different men in these stores and try to see what their age and emotional stories are.
Stuart (55), a native of Glasgow I'm watching from Sister Ray (counts: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (counts: eight middle-aged men, one woman around 20) has an appointment in London this afternoon and looks at the stores to fill up several hours of time.
I ask him if he's a collector.
"I think so," he says.
I have about 3 or 4 thousand recordings.
All the recordings are lining the walls of his living room - the picture above (the photo sent me by e-mail, I did not follow him home).
This huge number of albums and singles also has it because he can afford it: he can buy gramophone records he could not afford when they originally came out, buying again what he had sold in his youth and had no vindictor.
"Much of what I buy is from the late 1960s and early 1970s, and these are things that would be published when I was 11 or 12. At that time I was too small to be able to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy the record are probably introverts who like the company of themselves and adds: "I do not smoke or drink much.
This is my sin.
Wez (25) works in Sister Ray and also thinks that many of the customers he meets fit into the YouGov profile.
He also noticed a new influx of people affected by the media wave, people who heard about the comeback, and felt obliged to buy their old record labels back.
According to my interviews, the people of my collections got rid of most often between 1998 and 1999.
Customers who once sold their record labels and bought CDs now sell their CDs to buy back their record labels, "he says.
This could explain the boom of gramophone record lovers of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of gramophone records?
It will not take you more than a few seconds to find out in a shop like Phonica that you have a nice community of people with similar thinking in the music stores.
According to Weze, some older customers are especially offended by a contactless payment system.
Some fans of gramophone records may feel overwhelmed in the digital world and opt for a familiar envelope of gramophone records, things that stir up memories of peaceful adolescence.
"I think filling a gap or possessing something material can bring some comfort," says Wez.
I'm a collector myself, it's so much to me, and I think it's a lot of people too.
It's an easy way to fill a place in your head.
"We are all like their social workers!" Says a collaborator from a pile of gramophone records.
An ICM survey in April revealed that nearly 50% of people who bought a vinyl album a month earlier did not listen to it.
According to the survey, 41% of the questioned turntables are never used, while 7% of those who buy gramophone records do not have a gramophone.
At this point of report, he probably seemed seriously concerned about going through the stack compiling bossa nova.
The "trophy" aspect and the revival of interest is something Jonny (42), who works in Sounds of the Universe (count three middle-aged men).
"Someone recently came and said," I do not have a gramophone yet, but I want to buy it on Radiohead so we can put it on a shelf, "he says.
The percentage of such is not great, but it does.
It's more about a product page than about music.
People are coming to us saying, "I do not have a gramophone."
These are younger people, not older, grown teenagers who get into it.
Fopp, where almost a single floor is currently reserved for gramophone records, has many more diverse visitors at my arrival.
There are seventy-two couples, tourists who do photos, teens and middle-aged women.
While the atmosphere is not as relaxed as the stores before - the latest Beat Pop synthesizers and sex sounds from the speakers instead of the jaw-dropping jazz, it's good to see different customers.
None of them seem particularly isolated, but you can hardly estimate the traumatic mental trauma when you stand 30 seconds next to someone.
Elanora (27) walks through Fopp for several minutes and looks at various discs at the discount.
He's one of those who's looking for more than spending money.
In his words, he does not earn much money, so it does not take into account that the record labels are collected.
It's a lot of money.
It's easy to listen to music on a computer or the like, but gramophone records have their magic ... "he sighs earnestly.
I can not explain - it's unique.
My last stop is a store that allegedly inspired a new generation of gramophone recorders: Urban Outfitters.
I face the fact that I am very interested in the teeth of girls in tight jeans and I watch a group of teenage girls who are just around the Polaroid cameras and then their father and daughter decide to buy the Crosley turntable.
On the left is a stairway, the walls of which cover Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse, and Fleetwood Mac: A mix of contemporary and classical music, the basis of any average collection of gramophone records.
Nobody looks at them - perhaps because they are only for decoration and some are so high on the wall that they can not be reached.
It's purely a "vinyl trick".
But because any attraction to it could mean more money for the industry and send several customers to the depths of Soho for others, there's not much to complain about.
It is no surprise that the demographic area, which is more likely to have more time and money than other areas, is also the one where it spends most of the world's finest merchandise.
But while, according to my findings, the results of YouGov seem to be accurate - at least in record stores, they do not take into account the large number of collectors and vinyl lovers who actually exist in record stores and online forums.
These people probably work heavily in schools or offices.
He certainly does not spend Thursday morning wandering around the turntables on Berwick Street, browsing the recordings, and avoiding looking at the weird, thirty-year-old fake TV moderator behind the back of the unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrate - video coverage
According to scientists, the Greenland shark has the longest mean life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies sharks, says the recording shows a female whose age is estimated between 272 and 512 years and measures five meters
The court in France refused to destroy shops in the Jungle refugee camp
The court in France has dismissed the authorities in Calais to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp, where thousands of refugees live.
At a hearing this week, authorities in Calais argued that the state should be able to cancel a total of 72 temporary stores where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, temporary restaurants sell tea for 50 cents or basic meals for several euros.
The Calais prefect's office argued that places must be demolished because they represent a parallel economy that does not pay taxes and because they pose a risk of fire and health risks.
Humanitarian organizations have said in court that shops and restaurants are vital and that free meals offered by state-sponsored associations and other groups do not provide food for the growing numbers of refugees in the camp.
Spurious makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and food for free to people in need.
The Lille Court ruled that there is no legal basis to prevent 72 commercial transactions, but said the prefect's objections to Calais are "entirely understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said grocery stores, cafes and restaurants have a much larger role than simply serving food to people who "live in extremely desperate conditions."
He said the rooms provide quiet places to meet refugees and volunteers.
One of the places where the demolition was threatened was a Jungle Book Kids camp, run by a nonprofit organization, which offers 200 meals, English and French classes daily, and counseling for hundreds of unaccompanied minors in the camp.
The petition for the protection of the "children's" café has been signed by more than 170,000 people.
The Guardian received a letter according to which closure of the café "was a disaster for these children, some of whom are just 8 years old."
The charity organization Help Refugess and L'Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that the number of refugees in the camp has risen to more than 9,000 in the summer following a steep rise in the number of arrivals - which is the highest ever.
He thought he was dead.
Ulc slamming himself and the volleyball Usti.
"I've been able to train normally since March," he said in full force at the start of summer training.
What were you?
I had bilateral pulmonary embolism, then my heart problems.
Because when I was in a university in Korea, I did not know I had any blood problems.
So trouble has caused a long flight to Asia?
I had a clot in my throat for two years, and I did not know about it.
It hurt me, no one found me.
Then the clot got up.
A vein is damaged in the calf, it will always hurt, especially when the weather is changing or the weather is changing.
But nothing that would limit me was more of an aesthetic thing.
Were you worried about life?
He had.
Last year at the Dřevěnice summer tournament I did not know that I had an embolism, and I could not move there at all.
In the evening I blew blood.
The doctors told me that it was something completely different, and I had been completely cleared for five days.
I really thought in Dřevnice that I was dead, my girlfriend and my family.
I've seen somewhere else.
How did you compare it?
I must have had to live it, now it will only go up.
I know I have some blood problems, I have to watch more when I'm flying.
But you can do it all.
Just when I wanted to go back to preparation in Příbram last year, there were still problems with my heart.
Now it's all fine.
Since March I've been conditioning myself at home myself in order to be able to play again.
I knock it, I'm physically better off than before.
What do you expect from Ústí?
I look forward to the bunch looks good, I know most guys.
I'm curious about two other strangers coming.
Maybe we sit down human to fit it together.
Will you lift Usti?
He had a reputation for a bum, but each season is different.
Brno was eight years ago two years ago.
There is a new team in Ústí, only a few players remained.
It was the last in the extralize, so there is a lot of room for improvement.
How we use it is on us.
We will see after the first round, who will be a bastard, we probably will not.
Is Brom's coaching success guaranteed?
He is already experienced and experienced a lot, he will think better than last.
But my coming with him did not interfere, I had agreed before.
Other coaches were in the game, I was a great friend with one, and it was agreed to work here.
I will not say the name.
Finally, Mr. Brom came and I'm glad.
He has a big name, he has been in good clubs, trained many decades, is a former good player.
Moves us up.
What do you bring?
This team will fight, which is my position.
I like to fight, I like to go out and I like to get a chance in not so high-class team.
I was two years in Příbram, Ústí is a bigger challenge than being in the sixth team because it starts from the bottom.
You mentioned foreigners, Australian Boehm is already training in Usti.
What does it look like?
I happen to know him at the same time, we were playing against the team in the universe.
And a few times we had fun together, sometimes we sat together for the night, so we already know each other.
We defeated them 3: 1, I immediately spat it at the start of summer preparations in Ústí.
My Slovak girlfriend is a good friend.
America's Nadazdin and Brazilian Ze will arrive.
Do you know anything about them?
I wrote with the American, he looks like a good boy, the Brazilian knows how he can speak English.
Did you contact the American?
It seemed like a good idea to me.
I'm the recorder, the one who makes up, so I should communicate with everyone.
I immediately found out what it is for a player, I found myself on the internet playing, seeing some videos.
He was pretty cool, the kid jumps, he's tall.
On Facebook, we've written a couple of messages, it sounds like a joke, it fits us.
How do you look forward to the position of the recorder?
I did not want to take anything else.
I'll only be twenty-four and I do not have the character to go for it.
I'd rather be at the heart of things, I'd better lead the team than anyone else would.
I guess I would not want to play anymore if I had to be the second recorder and devote it to the full time. When something is not done, it's worth it.
How many times have you been the leader?
Half a year in Pribram, when it was not Kusta's captain, he was hurt, then there were problems with money, and he left.
Since then we've been up and I've been playing all the time.
In Brno, where I was a child, I alternated one and two.
The great year was in the Old Town, after him I had a lot of offers and chose Pribram.
From there Budějovice wanted me, I stayed, but I did not finish the season because of the embolism.
Now it's a new beginning.
Gold number 22.
Short position remains Phelps domain.
"Being back on the podium and hearing the anthem is as sweet as ever," Phelps laughed, his eyes full of tears again.
His fiancé and mother cheered again in the auditorium, and Boomer's son slept with earbuds this time.
I'm experiencing an unreal week at the end of my career.
It's crazy - 20 years ago, I started swimming swiftly and in a few hours it would be over, he said frowningly.
In the finals behind Phelps for almost two seconds behind the silver Japanese Kosuke Hagino, who won a long position.
Bronze was won by Chinese Wang Shun, a bronze medalist in this discipline from last year's World Cup.
After Alu Oerter (disc) and Carl Lewis (away), Michael Phelps is the third athlete to dominate the same discipline in four games in a row.
For most of the race, Phelps held another American Ryan Lochte and home Thiago Perreira.
While the gold defender in the final crawler fifty put on to the crash finish, they fell out of the medal positions.
The American superhero will still have at least one chance in Rio to expand its unique medal collection.
Shortly after the solemn announcement of the position, the bowl went up to the final of the race for 100 meters.
Legendu could not shadow even compatriot Ryan Murphy, who won the doubles double - after a hundred won in Rio also a double track.
In the final consecutive season, 37th of Australian swimmer Mitchell Larkin was left behind, the third finished by the Russian Yevgeny Rylov.
While last year's Murphy won only fifth place in the world, he became the emperor king in Rio.
From the imaginary throne, Larkin, who had the same double at last year's World Championship, was downplayed.
But he won the medal at the Olympics only now.
The Canadian Penny Oleksiak and American Simone Manuel were sharing gold on the craft.
For 16-year-old Oleksiak, it was the fourth medal in these games, for Manuel's second after the silver of the relay.
Plavecky zlato has been the first African-American woman in history.
I believe I can be the inspiration for others.
This medal is for everyone who comes after me, sport will become love for them and they will get to where I am, "Manuel said moved.
The third was Swedish Sarah Sjöström, who won a 100 meter butterfly race in Rio in the world record and has silver from the two-track scull.
By the sixth, Australian record holder Cate Campbell finished.
Rie Kanet was the winner of the two-breasted race, for which it is the first Olympic medal at the age of twenty-seven.
He has no precious metal from the world championship, his maximum being fourth in this discipline in 2013.
The second silver in Rio was won by Julia Jefimova, who is struggling with the hostility of the spectators and the rivals despite the doping past.
Once I made a big mistake.
But I won in court and I do not know why I should keep answering these questions.
I'm so tired of it, said the Russian swimmer.
The right to start in Rio has been recovered only at the special CAS sports arbitration panel just prior to the start of the game.
They dealt with my appeal and I won.
If anyone likes it or not, or if she has a different opinion, turn to the arbitration court, she added.
Hermann: We were disappointed to win.
And start at midnight?
I do not remember that.
The Czechs experienced a special day.
Only less than an hour before the match, they learned who they were going to do.
They had to master the tactical preparation.
And then, in unconventional times, the game began on a small court number 1.
The first set did not start well, then reached the lead, but at 19:19 the ending failed.
In the second, they were clearly better and compared, but the crucial tie-break did not work out.
Above all, a number of broken-down services meant a loss of 10:15 and good-bye to the Olympic tournament.
"We could defeat the Russians," Hermann said.
How would you rate the match?
Hermann: After an unfortunate start before I played, we got into the game.
At the end of the day, the last balloon flashed my income, which I used to get used to.
We lost the set, which was key.
In the next set, we took them over with a look at the pitch, another defense, and pushed for a service.
The tie-break was terribly corrupted, we got rid of this page.
It was disappointing because we could defeat the Russians.
Slučka: Damn the beginning of the first set, there it missed us.
We were able to download it, but we missed the points.
The second set was super, and the third was a service.
We made a lot of mistakes.
We gave them five points and the five of them were, we hesitated a lot.
It's a shame because the Russians were playable.
How did you play in a small court number 1?
Sluk: Similar to China in adjoining courtyards.
The environment and the atmosphere were different.
It was one hour in the night, complete silence, no music, nothing at all.
That was the difference from the center.
We would not choose such conditions, but we can not choose.
What was the preparation for a match when you found the names of your opponent an hour before the match?
Hermann: It was strange.
We started to rehearse for the match without knowing the opponents, so we could not make a tactical preparation like the other teams.
But Simon (coach Nausch) has set up a tactic almost to all the options that were there.
He had a lot of tactical papers ready, so we were pretty good at this point.
Remember, would you ever start the game at midnight?
Hermann: Probably not.
We played at eleven o'clock, but not at twelve.
Block Russian Birlov in the pre-play play-off at OH in Rio.
Beach volleyball players Markéta Sluková and Barbora Hermannová embrace the pre-play play-off at OH in Rio.
Was it unpleasant?
Slučka: Having played the last two games in the group since ten, we've had the mode shifted earlier.
This was two more hours.
It's strange, I can not imagine another sport has athletes who have to perform their best performance at twelve o'clock.
But I think we did the best we could.
We knew it would be, but it is not quite typical and it will probably not be my favorite time to play.
How do you rate the Olympic experience?
Hermann: Since the group's progress was our goal, it's okay for one thing, good.
We did what we said.
But now I'm sad after the game.
Slučka: I will sleep from this and from tomorrow I will remember the Olympic tournament only positively.
Big Brother is here, the first SIM simulator comes in.
You will not escape her.
The new rules should apply to all non-Thai passports who decide to acquire a SIM from one of the local operators while staying in Thailand.
Not only for tourists, but also for long-term visa holders working in Thailand for example or marrying there.
The Secretary-General of the National Broadcasting Authority and Telecommunications Commission Takorn Tantasith informed that there would be no exceptions.
The plan for the sale of SIM cards exclusively for foreigners was introduced by the National Telecommunications Regulator at the beginning of August.
The new authorities intend to introduce new measures to monitor their position within six months.
According to Tantasith, it is a means of preserving national security, which will allow the handling of crimes committed by foreigners.
In addition, the so-called tourist SIMs can help to expose people who exceed the permitted length of stay.
In the case of dealers, in the course of half a year, a special SIM for foreigners should appear alongside the SIM set exclusively for the Thais.
The tracking feature will be distinct, which will be permanently turned on for non-Thai passports.
It will not be possible to turn it off.
"This feature is not a SIM for Thais, because we can always keep track of it," Tantasith added.
It should be added that in Thailand, subscriptions are not anonymous, as in the Czech Republic.
Vendor requires an identity document.
On the other hand, one of the operators handed out free starters to airport tourists for several years.
So you were completely anonymous.
Thousands of telecoms regulators from other Asian countries, including Malaysia and Singapore, are also considering the same measures as Thailand.
Also, mandatory SIM registration is currently in place, however the legal use of the tracking system is not possible.
However, the precautionary measure does not mean for foreigners to acquire a local operator when entering the country of SIM.
They can of course use roaming services with their own home SIM, in which case the Thai authorities will be short.
Operators of a given country know only the relevant network information when crossing the border, that is to say, after logging on to their network.
They know the phone number, but not the owner information.
However, the difference between roaming prices and local operators' rates is so great that most tourists will start looking for local SIMs during their stay in Thailand.
The authorities' efforts to oversee the movement of foreigners have been criticized legally by foreigners living in Thailand.
Tantasith soothes the situation and, in the context of privacy protection, the planned system compares to the obligation to provide a residential address in immigration documents.
In addition, the police will need a court order to monitor a particular person if needed.
Any misuse of the system will involve an undetermined punishment.
"If a service provider monitors the SIM location without a court order, it will be charged with a criminal offense," Tantasith added.
In addition, the system should maximize the use of prepaid cards.
While the actual number is currently being recycled after the 90-day period after which the SIM has not logged in to the network, it could have recovered numbers after fifteen days if Thailand leaves.
Luxury apartment in a new building in Vinohrady has a swimming pool and a jacuzzi on the terrace.
Why did you choose an apartment in a new building?
We were looking for a carefree apartment where most of the property care is provided by the manager.
The condition was enough parking spaces and a lift in the house, which essentially disqualified the older building.
Not to mention problematic acoustics in old houses, floor swinging problems, high energy demands, and so on.
Conditioned were also large terraces, which the old building is not able to offer.
Other interesting visits can be found in Modern Flat.
The entire interior was designed for you by architect Lenka Langerová and her colleague Kamila Poláková from Artiga studio.
Why did you address them?
Would you recommend working with an expert for everyone?
We would recommend cooperation with an architect if everyone is proposing an apartment from the beginning, it is a very complex technical process.
The second plane is the interior design itself: Designers have a much better idea of the range of possible materials and are able to harmonize the interior according to the client's wishes.
With the architect Lenka Langerová we cooperated already in our mountain apartment, then on the basis of the personal recommendation of another client, and since everything worked well, it was a clear choice for us even in the reconstruction of our new flat in Vinohrady.
What were your practical and aesthetic requirements?
We wanted a generous social and living space with adequate background for a four-member family, conceived as a modern but not cool interior.
Priority was given to linking the apartment with terraces and implementing smart home controls.
And, of course, the quality of the design was to be charred.
Did you leave everything to the experts, or have you interfered with the final appearance of the interior?
All designs, including technical drawings and sample materials, were approved, but the design always came from architects.
At the beginning, we determined what we expected from the design and showed some elements of the interior that we would like to include in the design, such as carpets or paintings.
I think that our collection of predominantly Czech authors, including the works of Karel Malich, Karel Vysušil, Václav Špála or Otto Gutfreund architect, helped us to orient ourselves in our taste.
Also, the combination of black, white and walnut wood was the idea of an architect, as well as individual pieces of furniture, walls, flooring, lighting, carpets, textiles, art, etc. We then jointly verified the visualization of the whole thing.
Did they come up with any complications that you had to give up on the original ideas or come up with new ideas?
Perhaps only in the initial phase of the project when we came to the building when it was first possible to climb to the height of our floor and found out that the views we were planning actually shadowed the surrounding buildings.
At that time, we dismantled the layout literally overnight.
A granite was used on the kitchen line as well as on the cladding of the fireplace.
The interior is dominated by wooden surfaces with leather, such as Norman's Arper dining and bar chairs.
How would you characterize the interior?
Are you going to make any changes or is something you would like to have different today?
I believe it is a modern airy interior that primarily serves its purpose.
Changes are not going to be done, most adjustments after the move took place in the plane of shading and the laying of terraces.
Perhaps the only complaint is to the floor, when the walnut tree appears to be too delicate to house with a dog.
The word of architects, Lenka Langerová and MgA. Kamila Hornychová, the author of the realization.
The apartment is on the top floor of a new building, so it was possible to make a completely new layout solution and several other modifications within the building.
For the interior, an important element is the location of light pipes in the hallway ceiling and main toilets.
That's how we got the daylight into the darker apartment space.
Also direct access from the main bathroom to the rooftop terrace to the pool by USSPA is one of the building modifications, which has been very beneficial to the entire apartment.
It also has a swimming pool and jacuzzi.
Compared to the French, you are not negative, says a Muslim living in Prague.
You come from France.
Where did you live everywhere before you moved to Prague?
My parents are from Algeria.
I was born in the south of France, a short distance from the Spanish border.
I've moved quite a bit.
I lived in Toulouse, Lyon and Marseille.
In France, I graduated from journalism, so I got to work in one magazine.
Why did you decide to move out of the country?
I was beginning to feel like I was driving in France.
I just did not want to live there.
Especially because of the atmosphere among people.
It came to me that every Frenchman is terribly negative.
People in France have a negative attitude in general, but it has been getting worse lately.
That's interesting that you mention negativity.
Some people appreciate Czech nature like this.
Believe me, compared to the French you are not negative.
Some people may not be coming to France as they do not see it as tourists.
But it was too much for me.
The big issue is money.
People feel they have little money, while the minimum wage in France is fifteen hundred euros, which I think is enough.
Now there is a problem with people's behavior towards Muslims.
That's totally incomprehensible to me.
For example, in the street where I lived, my non-Muslim neighbor started looking through my fingers just because I was a Muslim.
Like I was some evil.
That's why I did not feel well in France.
My family stayed there.
So you decided to go to another country.
Why did you choose the Czech Republic?
I was looking for work basically anywhere else and I came across a vacancy with Air France here in Prague.
I admit that I did not even know Prague at the beginning.
I knew something about the Czech Republic, my father even told me what was happening in Czechoslovakia, but I did not even know what to expect from Prague.
I've been here for three years, and I can not imagine I was not living here.
Was it a big difference when you moved from France to Prague?
Especially because of a completely different atmosphere.
Maybe it's because I do not speak Czech, so I can not capture any negative reactions or swearing, but I feel that people are freer here.
That I can do anything, get dressed anyway and nobody will judge me.
In France, someone is still looking at you uncomfortably, for example if you have special clothes and the like.
In Prague, I began to feel truly free.
Prawns do not care for such things.
Where do you work now?
After working in Air France, I worked for one web site for a while.
Then, with a friend, we set up websites that people offer and search for shared housing.
So far we only operate in Prague, but we would like to extend it to the whole of Central Europe.
Do you have any Czech friends in Prague?
I have two very close friends here, half Czechs, and two Czech friends.
I have to say that the other specifics of the Czechs are that they initially hold more distance.
He will not let anyone get so close to the body.
This is quite different from where I grew up.
In the south, everyone hugs and kisses their faces.
Here it is different, but I understand it is a cultural affair, so I try to adapt.
You mentioned that you do not speak Czech.
Is the language barrier a problem for you?
On the contrary, I find it simple in Prague, because everybody here speaks English.
Even in veggies or in food.
I would like to learn Czech, but I do not have much time.
And because everyone can communicate at least a bit in English, I do not have the need to learn the language quickly.
And every time I have a problem, there is someone who can help me.
Have you encountered any negative reactions?
Maybe because of being a Muslim?
Basically not.
Maybe it's also because I work in an international environment that is more tolerant.
One experience is challenging me.
My leader, Czech, told me once about the French football team and said something in the sense: "They are not French, but Africans.
That touched me quite a bit.
But if someone had a problem with being a Muslim, it did not happen to me yet.
Even though my colleague once warned me about some anti-Muslim demonstrations.
He told me not to go to the center to scold me.
Anti-Muslim demonstrations are partly related to terrorist attacks.
How does the current situation affect you?
Are you afraid that something similar to Paris, Nice or Brussels can happen in Prague?
I feel safe in Prague.
But the problem is that anything can happen nowadays.
Until recently, I could not have imagined that something like that happened in France.
And not just Muslims.
Moreover, Islam does not recognize violence at all.
For me, people who kill are not Muslims.
The Qur'an says that man has no right to kill because he is not God.
How do you perceive it when terrorists shield your faith?
It's very hard.
I feel stuck and guilty, even though I did not feel it at all.
I'm not trying to keep track of the violence reports, but every time I read something, I need to apologize for something that is not my fault at all.
I'm completely different, so why should I apologize for the terrorists?
We met at Jiřího z Poděbrad.
On Wednesday, Czech Muslims and Christians demonstrated against violence.
Did you register it?
I did not know about it.
But I understand that people feel the need to prove that they do not agree with violence.
I do not think they should do that.
Why should they feel guilty of something they did not do?
Do you meet with other Muslims in Prague?
My collaborators are, for example, from Egypt and other Muslim countries.
They are a bit more religious foundation than I do, so we sometimes have a very wild debate about Islam because we all see it a little differently.
I come from France, so I went through a different education, they used to learn Islam at school.
We have different approaches, but we respect each other.
People sometimes associate Islam with the subordinate status of women.
How do you feel about it?
I do not think I can think of myself.
Quite the contrary.
I am a woman, I have strength.
This is also related to the fact that you do not wear any headgear.
For example, hijab?
And it's mainly about how I was raised.
My mom is, for example, a true Muslim.
She prays five times a day, but she simply does not wear the scarf.
She always taught me that faith is a purely personal thing.
It is up to everybody to interpret it.
When one reads the Qur'an, he should make his own views on these things.
So when I read a passage in the Qur'an that says God told the Prophet to hide his wives from the sight of others, I said, "I am not the Prophet's wife, so why should I hide?
On the other hand, I respect that, and when I go to Iran or Saudi Arabia, where scarves are required, I will take it.
Do you plan to stay in Prague?
Meanwhile, yes.
Nowhere else did I feel so good.
I've been thinking about Poland for a while, but I'm fine in Prague.
I can even imagine raising my own children here.
Prague is an ideal city for me.
Czech Muslims and Christians demonstrated against violence.
Yachting Kozelski Fencl's wind in Rio was ramped on the rungs.
Friday sailing at Riu de Janiero in Brazil, Czech Veronika Kozelská Fenclová.
In the Laser Radial class, she moved to tenth place before the final two races.
This would ensure Czechs participate in the final race.
Packages you collect as Pokemon.
They want to compete with carriers.
It is an idea to use the already planned routes for transport of consignments to the TV director Matěj Liška and the manager of the Prague music club Marek Greger.
With the idea, life was thrown by three applications with different geographic reach.
We launched Shuttle's domestic application in May.
At this moment there are thousands of cities in it and the network will be expanded.
In the Czech Republic, we want to learn first before we can focus even more abroad, says a 41-year-old manager in the iDNES.cz interview.
How does Transmission work and who can benefit from it?
Download it and sign up for free.
Then you can enter the route and the details of how much you can handle the big package and how much you want it to be.
Someone else needs a ferry on that day.
When both the route and the delivery time match, it is matched and the two notifications come together.
At that moment, a chat will open where the pair will arrange the handover.
How many people would you have to register for each package to always find your courier?
I do not know the ideal status, I can not guess how many registered and how many paths are needed to make the coverage optimal and each offer matched with demand.
It works on the main streets and is logically simpler than on the way between the villages.
The more people, the greater the potential of speed and accuracy.
People are still building confidence and finding that no one will run with the package.
So far, you have not had to deal with such a case?
How many users does the service have two months after starting?
We currently have about 5 to 6 thousand people who are making trips.
We consider this to be a success, and we believe we will be packing more.
Is there no need for the sender to wait too long?
We hope to compete for large conglomerates just because we can deliver the item for the same day and for a fraction of the price.
For a large company for delivery within two hours, you will pay a few thousand.
Here you pay hundreds or less, because that's the way someone is doing.
Should traditional carriers for the future be afraid of a possible loss of customers?
We hope it will be.
The market has tremendous potential, feeding huge transnational carriers, as well as retail chains where everyone has started shopping and gradually finding out that quality does not match what's worth.
No one wants to find a ticket in the mailbox with a message saying he wants to pick up the shipment at the branch, the day after 19:00 at the earliest.
At that time I needed the package for six hours and I waited home because it was important.
We want a better, faster and more functional service that will not hurt anyone and send signals to the competition.
Marek Greger (41) and Matěj Liška (39).
Neither has ever worked in the field of information technology.
Marek Greger works as a music club manager, Matěj Liška as a television director.
In 2014, they began to prepare Shippansee LTD, which uses already scheduled routes between world cities, especially aircraft, for the transport of packages.
In 2015, they entered a project to process a company that created applications for MALL.cz, Jobs.cz or ČSFD.
Programming lasted three quarters of a year and was launched in March 2016.
The Transition applications began to develop in December last year and released this May.
This is the local version of Shippansee adapted to the Czech market.
The Mesi and Mesi Profi applications have been developed since January this year and made available to users at the end of July 2016.
The intention was to make all these applications from the beginning, which will one day merge into one.
In the Czech Republic, they want to fine-tune the application and then, in cooperation with a strong investor, to focus more on the global market.
Shared economy has recently been a topic and this is an AirBnB or Uber service.
Are you afraid of working in an area that no one can tell much about where the boundaries of sharing and where the gray economy is?
It's the same, just another product.
It is clear to us that if it is successful and we will go up there, we will be another thorn in the eye through the gray economy.
But even if someone saves and someone earns, it is not the intention to bypass tax authorities and tax inspections.
Every user, on either side, will be encouraged to spend his or her income if he does so.
What do you think the service has so much potential?
The sender saves and the freighter earns, or reduces the cost of travel.
This is the strong idea that unites interest on both sides.
At the time of the social networks that divide people, we would like them to converge.
Nice stories can arise, people are happy to help someone and tell them about it.
Maybe someone will bring you forgotten glasses, keys or pills.
I think people have no personal attitude for a long time, people say that this service is human service.
So how do you guarantee that the courier does not get the package?
Each user of the application, together with the registration, scans the identity card and provides a bank, credit or credit card.
These are channels that give credibility to service and to man.
Couriers also collect asterisks based on senders' ratings.
We also offer insurance, details are still in place.
The unsecured shipment in the event of loss or damage is the courier, but it does not accept liability under the criminal law for content if there is something unlawful inside and does not know about it.
If the police stop him and find a machine gun or ten kilo of hashish in a closed packet in his trunk, he assails criminal responsibility on the sender.
Is there no threat of misuse of sensitive data from the database?
If they are registered, they will be traceable to the administrative authority, who will only be able to look into it and we are unable to see them, the data is protected against abuse.
How much money will a courier get after a successful delivery?
The courier determines the price and receives the full amount he / she will say.
The sender will be charged several percent more for contacting.
This money is our profit, but it's only a few percent because we want to push for volume.
A courier can also not accuse that delivery has not been delivered when it actually delivered, receipt and delivery are verified using QR codes.
Are there any restrictions?
Whether in relation to the size or content of the package?
You can transfer anything.
We have three sizes, small as a dice of butter, medium as a plate of eggs and as big as a bass of beers.
Then there is no further restriction and if someone has a seat in the car, they can take over the refrigerator.
Plus, the sender has the option to take a picture of the package in the app, so the courier sees what he wants.
You do not even have to wrap it if you do not want to hide content.
A forgotten sweatshirt puts the courier in your hand and it is.
Who came up with the idea and how long did it take the service to run?
My friend got an idea more than two years ago, I did not pay much attention at that time.
Then he showed me a demo application with transnational reach that mainly targets the passengers by plane.
At that moment, I told him I was not going to look for an investor, but I would like to stand up and save it.
The next year has continued to develop until we have established Shippansee LTD in London for the sake of greater product credibility.
But this is not the version you are now focusing on.
No, we focused on marketing in the Czech Republic, where we try to append the app because it had birth defects and it is still up to them to improve and improve.
We are trying to respond to customer feedback and the foreign market is not doing so much at the moment.
We know it's a long run, but we do not wander, we want to create a really good product for people.
Shippansee LTD was the basic and most expensive application, the other two were upgradeable.
The transfer was created when we said that the national segment could be far more interesting and that we would at least learn in the Czech Republic.
The third application of the Mesh is local, for the city.
But he can send the package to the exact address of the other end of the world.
It works for the shipper as well as the Transporter, but the difference is that you can see the shipment in the form of the map points that are closest to you, thanks to the geoloker in your mobile.
Apps for couriers who want to feed on it, we call Mesic Profi.
So, can someone make a living by picking up packages?
Exactly, the last application will be downloaded in Prague by a taxi driver, a student, a mother on parental leave, someone who wants to get to work.
As they are all stupid with the Pokemons now, they can collect that much the same.
One sees where orders are in the city, arrives at it, clicks, and sees when it has to be delivered and transfers the shipment.
It's set cheaper than competing services.
At this time, we are also making a web interface that will be the core of the shipments business and will fill in the data on the web, creating points on the map.
We are then able to invoice their use of the service every month.
Are you working full time now?
It does this to us, but it's normal for us to work and develop the project.
There is not a strong multinational investor behind us, we are two boys, one of whom had a brilliant idea, and the other got into it with other stimuli and ideas.
Now we are looking for an investor strong enough to be able to compete with us not the Czech market, but who, with the promise of the ball, should go with us into the global product and become another huge market player like AirBnB and Uber.
The storyline of Titanfall 2 is to bring almost forgotten variety.
This will correct the second part, and the solo game will be more varied, according to the first information, than Call of Duty.
The length will be around the standard eight hours, and the content is based on the concept of networking in the first part.
Therefore, you can look forward to the freedom of movement, which, besides running, includes the possibility of using a titan warrior.
In addition to the action sequences, the game will contain levels that are focused on the right movement.
They will remind the platforms and include the pigeons.
For example, double jumps, jogging and rope slides are essential to overcome them.
Sometimes it will also be necessary to eliminate enemies.
There will be no maps resembling mazes and levels with special concepts.
In one, for example, it will be possible to lift and lower the platforms and close the large door.
This will make you look like a battlefield.
The pace of the game should oscillate between raging action and quieter moments to explore an unknown planet.
Playing behind Jack Cooper's pawn dreaming of a pilot's career.
Cooper at the beginning of the campaign, along with Captain Lastimos, is stranding on the alien planet Typhon, which is inhabited by hostile soldiers.
And there will be no wilderness to him.
In addition, Lastimosa suffers fatal wounds in the crash, and Cooper is tasked with putting Captain's titanium into operation.
His dream of a pilot's career would be fulfilled before he expected.
But the first step is to steal the battery needed for robot repair.
Cooperative Titan calls will also be significant.
Players will serve as a source of information about the soldier's past, but humorous moments will be created by the robot's depopulated communications.
For example, when titanium will dryly list all the injuries that Cooper is threatening with the planned jump.
The Polygon server brought the first information about the Titanfall 2 campaign.
In addition, the outcome will be judged in two months, and Bonusweb will give you the first impressions of the network game after GameCam.
Titanfall 2 comes out on Oct. 28 for PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The THQ brand comes to life, but the original publisher remains dead.
Swedish company Nordic changes its name to THQ Nordic.
After the crash, THQ publishes in 2013 a number of its brands and the right to use the company logo and name.
Thanks to this, Nordic has released the Darksiders 2 Deathnitive Edition or the Red Faction Collection.
There are 23 more games for the publishing house, and 13 of them have not yet revealed.
Thirty years ago, at the time I retired, my wife, after thirty years of marriage, found herself a younger man, our neighbor, twenty years.
I knew it from the beginning - it was obviously a long time for him to try, then they got together.
She's such a big guy, probably her guy, because she and she have walked in front of me.
She was completely crazy about him.
In those early days her voice had even changed, she had such a girl's, in love, voice.
But when I told her I knew what was going on, she'd forgive it.
But I watched it all.
He then went out of work regularly at half past three, so she always left in three to buy.
Every day she tried to see him at least.
Later I found out that they were meeting him in a barrack, in the laundry room.
How many times I knew they were there.
I took care of my keys, decided to catch them there.
But I do not know why, in the end I always stayed at home.
I've never been able to go there, make the right move.
Maybe you laugh at me, but I believe my wife was mastering my mind.
I soon found out that I was manageable to do what she wanted.
And I really did.
Maybe I'm just such a slipper.
Meanwhile, my neighbors indicated to me that she knew about it.
I was such a jerk that I never asked what to do.
I was afraid that if it all broke, it would be bad.
That the family is all about it, only a daughter suspected.
So I always put it on, keep going.
Once, I went to the apartment after him, that I needed some help in the laundry.
He went there with me and I told him I got an anonymous meeting with my wife, and that he was telling me everything.
I asked him what he would say to me.
He stood there, shrugging his shoulders, looking into the ground, not saying a word.
Then I also met his wife on the way out of the store at that time.
I told her, but she did not believe it at all.
She did not react to it and she did not tell me anything.
No one told me at that time.
I am such a person who has never gone anywhere who has difficulty getting to know someone, let alone find a woman.
So I did not even think about divorce.
I was still relying on it to end one day.
I thought I'd forgive her all, and life would go on.
But it was not.
And I have never really matched it.
I still have it in myself.
Before that, I often gave it to her, but in the end I left it for peace.
He continues to live in a side house and I continue to live with her.
It's just more like my wife's housewife.
She always did everything at home - she cooked, washed, cleaned.
She's hard working.
I always tried to make no other reason to complain.
And one can say she is good.
But sometimes I want to caress her, hug and she will not be left.
We all go for walks and shopping, and everyone thinks we have a happy marriage.
She once told me she never loved me.
She loved and loved me, but she did not love me.
And I see that he loves him today, it's her god.
And I do not enjoy such a life.
Even when it started and I was badly carrying it, I once told her that I did not want to live and asked what she would say if I had finished.
I wanted to know if she would agree or not.
And I wanted to hear from her: yes or no.
But she thought, and finally said, "But there's enough space here."
Prime Minister Manuel Valls wants to establish a new French Islamic Foundation, which should serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim inhabitants.
After the terrorist attacks, France has been struggling against radical Islamists, and the government and the local Muslim minority are calling for help.
"If Muslims themselves do not help the state against those who violate public freedom, it will be increasingly difficult for France to guarantee their freedom of religion," Prime Minister Manuel Valls said.
He intends to ensure that only the spiritual education in France is preached in the country.
He also wants to stop the funding of mosques from abroad, where preachers who are inoculated with Jihad often come with money.
By October, Prime Minister Valls wants to establish a new French Islamic Foundation, which should serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim inhabitants.
The new institution will replace the current French Foundation for Islam, founded in 2005 by former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin.
It was supposed to contribute to the transparency of the financial flows between the mosques and the countries that fund their construction.
Soon after, it struck her with internal contradictions, and so it never worked.
"It's a total failure," Valls said.
The head of the new foundation will probably become former Interior and Defense Minister Jean-Pierre Chevènement, who is known as a supporter of the secular state.
In France, there are about 2500 mosques and prayers, about 120 of them serving radical Islam.
Since 2012, French authorities have expelled about 80 Islamic clergy from the country and are considering this move by a few dozen others.
This week, the German police also intervened against the jihadist clergy.
The Imams allegedly called warriors for the Islamic state.
One of them operated an area where believers reportedly radicalized and later attacked the Sikh temple in Essen.
Immediately after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo in January 2015, the debate over a new institution has broken up in France, replacing the nonfunctional foundation.
Everything has been quickened by other terrorist attacks by radical Islamists in the name of the Islamic state.
The new foundation will have two main tasks - to secure the financing of mosques from domestic sources and also to supervise imams.
However, it is not yet clear where to get funding, although several proposals are being considered.
One is a special charge for halal food, especially meat derived from slaughter under Islamic principles.
This tax would in practice be paid to sellers of halal food, for the granting of a permit.
Part of the money would then go to the Foundation's budget.
A contribution of 10 to 20 euros could also be paid by French pilgrims who will go to Mecca.
Every year, about 30,000 of them go to Saudi Arabia for a traditional trip to France.
In addition, the French mosques should only be used by preachers who have undergone educational programs at their universities.
That's why their sermon should be in harmony with democracy.
The government is also closing down radical mosques.
"We have closed twenty since December, and others will follow," said Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve.
"There is no place in France for those who say hatred and do not respect the principles of our country, such as equality between women and men," he said.
Zaragoza.
His former wife was badly injured by an unknown gunman on Friday morning at a shopping center in Zaragoza, northern Spain, the Independent daily reported.
Shooting occurred after a woman and her daughter left the garage in her car.
The man waited in the car in front of the shopping mall, where he also started shooting.
According to witnesses, the man then turned his gun against himself, writes Independent.
The woman was taken to the hospital by an ungrateful daughter, an ambulance had to come to a man in critical condition.
The act took place around 11 am in the central part of the autonomous region of Aragon, near the local university.
Referring to the Spanish agency Europa Press, Independent says the motif was probably unresolved for the recent divorce of both partners.
Tapas with asparagus, wakame algae, ginger and chili sauce.
Summer desires light, well-digestible meals, but we Czechs are rebels and we have our tastes and our heads.
And so from the summer gardens smells of grilled pork neck, belly, pork jar.
Nothing too healthy, not too light, sometimes with the exception of lettuce or roasted vegetables.
True, grilling is time consuming and dishes, plus it's a social affair and nobody needs to be locked in the kitchen.
But there are other alternatives to make delicious delicacies, such as delicious desserts, their preparation is a small ritual, but there is no need to brew, bake, fry or choke.
And they will still contribute to our health.
Whether it is home-made sushi or sashimi, where quality raw materials and a few well-received grips are enough to make food preparation and entertainment a real exotic delight.
Just like even easier rolls in rice paper from today's recipe.
There is even no time consuming cooking and cooling of rice.
Paper can only be softened for a moment, and then it only depends on the chef's imagination as he wishes to play with fillings and accessories.
There is no kelp like kelp.
The advantage of many dishes of Asian cuisine today is that raw materials are as a rule generally available.
Including pickled sweet-sour ginger, which is one of the basic snacks accompanying sushi or fresh rolls.
You can prepare it at home, but the real pink gari ginger has a unique spicy sharp and delicious flavor thanks to a secret recipe that blends with several varieties of vinegar and ginger.
So, you need to buy a bag of adequate size, and a supplement with proven antibacterial effects that promotes digestion and cough or flu resistance is complete.
Banana leaves.
They are especially used in Buddhist and Hindu cultures to serve and decorate meals in a variety of festive occasions and rituals.
Long ribbed banana leaves are widely used in a number of Asian and South American countries as an "aid" for preparing a variety of baked, cooked and fried foods packed in as much as aluminum foil.
The banana leaf then passes the food to a specific flavor.
They can be bought in stores with exotic fruits and vegetables, even pre-cut in the shape of wheels.
But choose only the leaves of green, so healthy - not cracked and stained.
Similarly, it is easy to prepare salad from wallama, sesame and sesame oil.
He can buy frozen again.
Those who often eat or prepare sushi will probably know especially the kelp of the clouds.
In Japan, it is one of the most important types of seaweed, which is produced by chopping, pressing and drying the so-called nori leaves - namely, slides intended for the production of sushi.
Wakame - dark green algae growing in the waters around the island of Hokkaido - it is fresh as well as dried and is as popular as the algae.
By the way, who does not know the miso soup with wakame, allegedly Asian women use it for the recovery after childbirth.
And in fact, this kelp has almost miraculous effects.
Cleans blood, strengthens blood circulation, even supposedly prevents hair greasing and is literally charged with minerals.
Dried and shredded wakame also serves as a spice, such as flavoring rice.
Fresh algae are first left in the water to leach, then rinse, put in boiling water and boil for half a minute.
Then cool in the icy water, cut out the center ribs and continue to adjust, like a favorite salad.
But to buy it already done, frozen is the easiest solution.
It is now left to just throw a roll of easy vegetable filling, delicious and light, full of healthy flavors.
Such a longevity bomb.
If you resist and do not add a grilled loaf.
Eat healthy, light and summer.
Asians know how to do it.
Just a few specialties and a little bit of dexterity, and you have interesting fresh food that deliciously combines flavors.
And it's done two times.
Four pieces of rice paper, 40 grams of carrot, 40 grams of white radish, 100 grams of green asparagus, 60 grams of salad cucumber, 60 grams of walnuts and 60 grams of sweet chilli sauce.
A handful of chopped coriander, a teaspoon of black sesame, a spoon of sriracha chilli sauce, 20 g of mango and 40 g of pickled gari ginger, a little pine nuts.
First we prepare rolls.
We dip the rice paper for five seconds into the cold water.
Then we remove it and wait for it to soften.
Meanwhile, in the hot water, shortly cook asparagus shoots, and after about three minutes, we can quickly cool them in the ice water so they do not lose color.
Place the vegetable filling on the paper and wrap it.
Prepare the filling from white radish, carrots and salad cucumber, cut into fine noodles, mix with sweet chilli sauce, add chopped cilantro, mix thoroughly and place on rice paper.
Put the asparagus on the banana leaf, add the rolls and finally finish the whole dish with wakame algae, pickled ginger, slices of mango, sprinkle with black sesame and add a few pine nuts.
Britain has to settle for silver in seven-year-old rugby, Fiji takes gold
The impressive performance of the UK in the seventh rugby ended in a devastating halt on the final hurdle, Fiji defeated the British at the Deodoro stadium last Thursday night in Rio high 43: 7.
The Fijians demonstrated a masterful lesson in processing, landing, deflection, supporting play, racing, and brutal strength - and won gold, their first Olympic medal at all.
The defeat came with a silver medal consolation - Britain's third on that day - and the British could be proud of their performances at the inaugural Olympic tournament of the Seven Rugby, defeating New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
A win over South Africa 7: 5 in the semifinals on the same day may have frozen in the final.
Fiji, however, would defeat the 15-member team in full health.
Most likely, it will not be a comfort for the British, but they can rejoice at least one of them will have a gold medal tomorrow around the neck: Fiji's main coach is Ben Ryan, England's former Wimbledon boss.
Great Britain has gone a long way.
Eight years ago under Ryan's leadership, they lost every match in Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost only one.
Although this defeat hurts, progress is undeniable.
The Fiji has begun magnificently, the breaches of the British reflected for joy.
For Captain Tom Mitchell and the other teammates it was like running behind a range of buses on the move and World Cup champions led 5-0 as Osea Kolinisau emerged from behind the corner.
The timer showed four minutes and Jerry Tuwai added another down on the right wing from which the conversions were made.
12: 0 and Britain hardly touched the ball.
The great Mitchel tried to stop the huge Leon Nakarawa and prevent him from scoring for the third time, but only the Fijans slowed down.
In the seventh minute Jasa Veremalu hit the touchdown in the right corner and the British lost 17: 0.
Nakarawa added another after the return, and there were still more than 1 minute left ... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouva then penetrated the poor British team and landed on the track where he scored.
After conversion to 29: 0, there was a break.
It was as if Fiji were born for rugby 7s, while the British were still learning to hand over.
That's exactly how it is.
The British have made massive changes over the half-time and the Fijans have stopped ... for the entire four minutes, which was good compared to the first half until after Fiori's brilliant midfielder Joshua Tuisova went on.
Dan Norton attempted to win the British for a chance, tossed a touchdown to the left corner to raise 36: 7, but the game had long been won by Pacific Islanders and their fans were singing, waving and dancing.
It was hard not to admire the Fijian's utterly joyful attitude.
In the final moments, Mata Viliame's next attempt at the victory of the Fijans was sweetened.
There was a whistle, the Fijans hugged, and the British fell on the lawn.
Even before that same day, Fiji defeated Japan in the semifinals 20: 5 and Great Britain overcame South Africa in the close semifinals - the difference of one conversion.
Kyle Brown got South Africa in the lead in the first half, but Dan Norton, through his dazzling footwork, broke through the defensive line and scored in the second half under the hook.
Marcus Watson's great late landfill, Anthony's brother from England's fifteen-year-old team, secured a victory - and eventually a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning to win the rowing race inspired a coach with cancer
You will not find more emotional gold on these games - and that's what to say.
From the first shot to the last one, during 220 treading exhalations into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found another meaning at their golden moment at Estacio de Lagoa.
Although there were two in the oars, there were three voices in the ship, and when the ship swooped across the surface to meet the second Olympic gold behind the women's race, there was still the voice of coach Robin Williams, still present, the first women in the history of British sport to have achieved such a result.
Their predominance was absolute, overall they were their 39th race, in which they did not survive.
What we see - two excellent athletes flying on the water with the elegance of the swans - does not reflect the nature of the victory completely.
For every golden rowing medal, there is a battalion of helper hand, which makes a difference by bit, and no hands were more helpful than the hands of a coach 30 months ago who did not know whether to survive that day when he was diagnosed with cancer.
In his words, it was uncertain.
I suffered from bladder cancer, which can be operated, and I underwent this surgery.
Without surgery, anything could happen.
It would be a very bad situation.
Somehow it will change your view of the thing.
Williams was diagnosed with cancer in December 2013.
Fortunately for the entire trio, he was able to get treatment at the beginning of 2014, out of season, and reduce the downtime to the minimum - if we can call it in such circumstances.
I needed to make money, so I had to get together quickly.
It was a stimulus.
I was in the hospital and I was walking around the room - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said a few steps were enough.
That's how it started.
Rowing alone is a way, but this was a bit more challenging.
Immediately after their victory, their first thoughts on Williams, who was very nervous in the morning, spoke less than usual as he tried to handle his own anxiety.
Stanning, captain of the Royal Artillery Regiment, who had a mission in Afghanistan, said, "This week I was having emotions at the bottom, maybe it's a bit extreme, but it means so much."
Again it emphasizes how much it means to me, how much we worked with Helen and Robin too.
Until now, it was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would not be anyone, so he's a big thank you, he's the best trainer in the world.
I could not wish for a better person for training or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning did not win a single race in five years.
The pair had a stunning rhythm that their rivals could not cope with.
Even in the final 500 meters, when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark started to approach, Stanning and Glover had a very large reserve.
At the moment, we were concentrating at the most.
Helen screamed, "Do not stop, do not stop."
It's really important not to be kidnapped.
We had a good start and at the same time we did not want to achieve something famous.
We did not look forward to today's fireworks, we just wanted to hang out, go out and win the race, which we did.
The couple will take a year to think twice before deciding what will happen next.
Glover is marrying her next week, her television adventurer Steva Backshall is coming.
Now he wants to enjoy that moment.
I did not mean to say it would be my last race.
That would be too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months to find out that I am the Olympic champion.
Everything was so new and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes here.
I feel a lot better, "she said.
A seat in the first row to the gorgeous architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
The Southern California Capital Society hosts a meeting with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: History of its Art and Architecture".
Gee and Schwartzmann will speak and show the images of Bertram Goodhue's 1926 design and the 1933 rebuilding and completion of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The meeting will be held from 14 am to 4 pm on August 21 at Salle Moderne in the Art Deco (formerly Bullocks Wilshire) private school, Southwestern School of Law, at 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Guests can see the Central Hall, Period Rooms, the Cactus Lounge, and the Tea Room.
It is necessary to buy a ticket in advance: SAH / SCC members 15 USD, non-members 25 USD.
The open industrial loft in DTLA will have a cozy redevelopment.
Celebrate with us the 90th birthday of the Central Library in LA, what next? - a new book
Prison?
Rather to take people free of charge, says the taximapa hunter Rubeš to the groundbreaking indictment.
Six taxi drivers and a former magistrate official in Prague are indicted by the CT.
You have made a number of reports in which you have discovered fraudulent practices and those who are supposed to be in a group that is going to court.
You faced several unpleasant skirmishes with exposed actors.
How much is the message about the accusation of members of the organized group breakthrough for you?
I was expecting some sort of trial to happen.
I'm mostly curious about the sentence.
But I do not think they should be in jail.
That's useless.
Primarily, they should return all the stolen money.
And they should return them by taking all the people for free.
This is a rather peculiar solution.
So does it mean that you do not see any punishment as effective enough?
For me, it is enough that some of them are so afraid they are not doing the job anymore.
For example, one is making a pingle, another pizzas, and one has completely cleared it.
The defendants can theoretically get two to eight years in prison.
Is this an adequate rate?
In general, I have a problem with imprisonment.
I find it a bad punishment.
It is nonsense to close someone in jail, especially in such a case.
Such people should return the companies they took.
For the fourth century, they committed our country's destruction of the name, and robbed people of it.
Let them now make a good business card and free people for free.
I can not imagine it otherwise.
It would work as a public service.
As someone goes to collect garbage, they would get a car, and they would carry people to Prague for free.
No, I really do think they will eventually get a condition and they will not care.
They find another way to cheat somewhere.
He studied at the Miroslav Ondříček Film Academy in Písek and then at the Tomas Bata University in Zlín.
It belongs to people who started with viral videos and videos in the Czech Republic directly for the web.
He works as an editor for Internet television Stream.cz, where he is involved in a number of programs, is currently preparing the Prague Guide, which is intended primarily for foreign audiences.
In their short reports, Rubeš advises on what services to be avoided in Prague and, on the contrary, recommends using it without worry.
Previously he made a series of titles How To, City of Fraud ?, Life in Luxury, A Lot! And Prague vs. Prachy.
The accusation is spoken of as an organized group.
The police watched her for months.
Can such a network of fraudulent taxi drivers be called mafia?
They are such cute mafias, not what we know from the Godfather.
It's more about mafias - juniors, but they are definitely organized.
It's just that they are guarding each other by a stallion (taxi habitats).
Prague is totally divisive.
For example, the main station did not like Paris, Pařížská did not like the taxi drivers waiting at Karlovy Vary (disco club)
Everyone just watches their place and every group is somehow organized.
It's probably an intricate network.
However, only seven people, six taxi drivers and one former magistrate official warned the drivers of the charges.
As you say, the unwanted phenomenon did not disappear from the streets.
What percentage of Prague taxi service fraudsters do you think?
It's a very small percentage.
The worst on the street is still.
I'm talking about Aleš Ryjáčkov for example.
This is a person who is really dangerous - he carries a telescopic baton in his car and stays at Charles Bridge every Friday and Saturday and carries people.
When I last went with him, he wanted seven hundred miles for me.
For some reason, his police did not hold.
Only a few people from the big group chose.
The same situation is, however, in other locations in Prague.
The prosecution of seven people is therefore hard to eradicate the already famous Prague dishonor, which seems to have much larger dimensions.
Of course it is not.
It will help, but all evil will not be eradicated, that's true.
Are taxi drivers robbing foreign tourists still in the same places you showed in the reports, at the Charles Bridge or on the Pařížská Street?
Yes, that's right.
In these locations, they are daily and every day violates the ordinances.
It ignores both the City Police and the Prague City Hall.
It's no longer cats, but utter indifference.
The business of Prague taxi drivers in numbers
Still, some of them, even if only part of a group, are brought to justice.
It's already a breakthrough.
So I have to ask: do you feel satisfaction?
If I took it as a satisfaction, that would be wrong because my goal was, is and will always be to improve the center of Prague.
And even if I feel like I'm a bit better, I'll continue to do that.
You need to push the door from the other side.
Though the last thief remains there, we should still do something to get rid of it.
It can not be satisfied with that.
But it is not so, of course, there is more.
Are you trying to confront them directly in taxis?
Sometimes I do a test drive and I have to say it's still bad.
Just last week, I caught a taxi driver, by the way, from the same group, and he was very surprised to see me again.
He charged 560 crowns for three kilometers, though he then claimed it was 56 crowns (he used the trick with a decimal point).
He had a receipt, the police arrived, and this taxi driver was so cute that he was still behind those policemen and asking them when someone finally gave him the 56 crowns.
A similar case.
The taxi driver on the taximeter overlaid the decimal point and robbed the tourists by 357 crowns.
Can you say that the cheat of fraudulent taxi drivers did not break even after you showed in your shots the faces of those who charged nonsense sums for a short ride?
Their bravery is still incredible.
How did the taxi driver charge 56 crowns?
The police officers sent him away with the fact that they could not discuss it on the spot because he issued the bill.
And that will be, I think, a problem even in that court (six taxi drivers and one exuberant).
On the one hand there will be a taxi driver with his bill, on the other side of the police.
However, according to the decision of the Supreme Administrative Court, the municipality may not use secret recordings from a taxi vehicle as evidence in court.
When I filmed parts about their scams, the taxi drivers themselves drew attention to this precedent.
But I always wanted to use it for reporting.
Are you afraid that this fact could protect them even in court?
I hope every judge will understand that no taxi driver could travel at six or ten crowns per kilometer, because he would not be a liveliver.
You talked about the trick with the decimal point, which is shifted especially by foreign clients by underwater taxi drivers.
Is this still up to date or are you afraid to continue using this file after publishing your reports?
I think we have popularized this trick by broadcasting the show.
I recently went with a taxi driver, praising myself that he was the honest taxi driver.
Then I noticed that a black cardboard was attached to the taximeter.
When I ask him what he has, he tells me, "You know what it is."
When taxi drivers-frauds were not too fine, can they make a court appearance with their colleagues?
Is there anything that can deter them from scams?
You talked about the way you think how to cheat, they will always find it.
I do not think they can discourage them.
But someone can push them out of those places.
And they are fair taxi drivers who should be more careful to get them out of there.
From my experience, I have to say that Fortunately, the taxi drivers in Prague are predominant.
But are they willing to go against those who spoil the reputation of their services?
They have a taste, but they do not have them.
They can not walk in that way and can not say exactly what they want.
When they organized the demonstration (due to the proposal for a nationwide limitation from the office of Mayor Adriana Krnáčová), they did not sound very clearly what they wanted.
Once they said they did not protest against Uber that they just wanted to have the same conditions as this service, then they claimed they wanted more than Uber.
It turned out that they only blocked Prague and only the best possible advertising for Uber was made.
How do you evaluate the Prague City Hall's approach to tackling the problem of overfishing?
It can be seen that the criminal police had to go into it to solve something.
The municipality was short.
They had the mole that carried the information, which means that the taxi department has been doing its job for several years completely unnecessarily.
I hope that he will charge the official to the final check of all the controls that he has to do to realize what he has done.
That's what makes me worse.
I was even with him on one of the control rides, which I found out afterwards from their schedule.
Since the release of the last parts of the series has gone on for several months.
What is the response?
I am thinking mainly of foreign audiences, to whom the series is the most focused.
Whenever I have friends from abroad, I'm going to have these videos.
And when we go to the Old Town Square, they are surprised that the same people who are seen in the shots are really standing there.
Famous Prague Celebrities.
But seriously.
I would put figurine around them so people would look at them.
Museum of Communism directly on the street.
My last question is clear.
Do you drive by taxi when you need?
Sure.
I travel with services I do not have to pay in cash, but with a card.
I use services like Uber or Liftago, where there is no possibility of fraud.
But there are many dispatchers that are fair.
I took a taxi in the street only once since.
The driver said to me after getting into the car: "Well, you have courage."
Bem in disguise for an Italian tourist.
The fraudulent practices of taxi drivers were written in 2005.
Former Mayor Pavel Bém, in the same year, set off on a check-out in a disguise for an Italian tourist, and at the first attempt, the driver drove him two hundred.
However, editor Rubeš had worse experience.
Taxi drivers charged him 820 crowns for a trip from the Old Town Square to Wenceslas Square, which is roughly equivalent to CZK 195 per kilometer, as the reporters have calculated.
The Prague City Hall has set a maximum price of CZK 28 per kilometer.
There are also other surprising sums in the filmed report: for example, a two-kilometer journey from Pařížská Street to the Truhlářská Street cost 400 tourists.
Exciting rides were also provided by taxi drivers waiting at Charles Bridge.
For a 2.5-kilometer trip to Andel, they even charge six hundred crowns.
Marble is washed mostly with clean water, as much as possible without chemistry, and the longer, the better.
The dirt goes well, though occasionally dirt has to be laid down by the scalpel, it must be extracted from the folds.
It is not easy and it is not fast, the restorant Vanesa Trost from Oldřichov in Hájech drew closer to her work.
The hat down in front of her: the tombstone is surrounded by scaffolding, which needs to climb several times and come down again.
"The restorer should be careful, patient, and unpretentious for the working environment," she said.
In Frydlantsk, it is by no means the first of its restoration work.
Thanks to it, the stone facade elements at the back of the Frýdlant town hall were restored, as well as the statues of St. Mary Magdalen in Zátiší, St. John of Nepomuk in Frýdlant, Piet in Frýdlantská Okružní Street, Mariánský sloup in Frýdlant or atlantes in the facade of the spa in Nové Město pod Smrkem.
The restoration of the gravestones of Melchior, Kryštof and Kateřina of Redern began in Frýdlant in 2011.
Now the surface of the stone elements is cleaned from the deposit of dirt and crust, the loose stone parts are secured against falling and shifting, either they will be anchored to the wall or to each other.
It is also expected to treat and preserve the surface.
The tomb inscriptions will melt again.
"Then the gilding gold plated inscriptions on marble slabs will begin," said Vrara Sobotová, the Frýdlant District State Office for Monument Care.
There are no records of the past that the tombstone has undergone any repairs.
Looking closer, they take holes drilled in marble columns.
They are hundreds of years old and are the remains of the tombstone decoration.
He was richly adorned, unfortunately after the Swedes raided the Thirty Years' War everything was gone.
They literally slapped the tombstone, Sobotova said.
In the Church of the Finding of the Holy Cross, restorers are mildly excited at home.
After the flood in 2010, it was necessary to get rid of the tombstones found underwater, restoration of the baptismal font, wall paintings in the tomb and now the tombstone.
"We would like to go to the stained glass in the future too," Sobotova said.
The church is otherwise in very good condition, and every year we put money into maintenance and repairs.
The restoration work for the redevelopment of the tombstone of Redernov will total 128 thousand crowns.
They will be reimbursed from subsidies, the city will not put any money into this part of the renovation.
One hundred thousand crowns will come from the win in the regional round of the Historical City competition in 2015, while the remaining 28,000 crowns will be the contribution of the Ministry of Culture, Frýdlant Mayor Dan Ramzer said.
The embassy decided to release the prize for the restoration of the tombstone.
Expert opinions on future developments in selected foreign markets, followed by indexes and comparisons with the Czech capital market (PX) over a one-month and a half year horizon.
Low volatility and growth prevail in the markets.
Who would have said it at the beginning of the year.
The US index S & P500, which went through 12% of corrections in February, is now at a new historic high and has already accounted for 7 percent since the beginning of the year.
Again, the iron rule is that the traders have never been against the interest of the central banks, which in the end have always attained their own.
In a situation where US stocks are at the historic high, volatility is now declining, which is currently the lowest since 2014, when the markets were satisfied and fearlessly growing thanks to the quantitative easing of the US central bank, and just as today the VIX was steadily below 12 percent.
And not to.
Although the Fed markets are preparing to gradually raise interest rates, quantitative easing in both Europe and Japan is in full swing and last week's Bank of England has also put its hand on the work, which will buy 70 billion pounds in the next six months.
The new wave of quantitative easing thus pushes even lower yields even further and contributes to almost complete elimination of risk and fear of the future.
How long does this state last?
That's, of course, the million question.
However, there are no risks at the moment, the world economy is going through almost constant growth without major fluctuations, the situation on the commodity market and in China stabilizing and brewing is basically not a subject, so we probably would not be surprised if they were still in a similarly peaceful regime.
Pity Juncker does not study Klaus!
I am very glad that my friend Michel Barnier has taken this important and demanding task.
I was looking for an experienced politician for this difficult task, said European Commission chief Juncker when the French politician (who was really experienced because he was so tired of so many transnational political functions that he was a better example of the so-called European elite) was the European Commission's chief negotiator of the conditions for leaving Britain.
Juncker's choice has blown up signs of hope that it is in the EU's grave concern to look for forms of future friendly coexistence with Britain.
However, most British media have accepted the name of Barnier as Juncker's War Act.
Barnier is a European rock federalist.
Britain hates it.
As European Commissioner for the Internal Market (2009-2014) he was in charge of reforming European banking law.
He behaved her just as he could handle it: the obstinate enemy of the Anglo-Saxon concept of the free market and model of capitalism.
A supporter of multilateral regulation, he co-authored the concept of the so-called banking union, and braving everything that came from the London Financial Center City, enforced the legislation of exhaustingly rigid financial sector and service regulations.
This is what Michel Barnier, a Paris representative in a dispute with London, will be a hard, relentless, and probably a ruthless negotiator.
It's probably not a good news.
How not to remember in this context the peaceful and friendly division of the Czechoslovak federation, to which so much contributed the balance, the overview and the ability of Prime Minister Václav Klaus to empathize.
That is why Czechs today Slovaks can be their closest friends and allies.
It is a shame that Juncker, at least in this, did not learn from Vaclav Klaus.
It would be good for everyone!
Earthquake around Putin?
The Kremlin ruler released his close Ivanov.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday dismissed Sergei Ivanov as Chief of the Presidential Office.
Anton Vajno took his place.
The Russian media reported on the announcement of the Kremlin's press service.
Putin indicated that Ivanova was dismissed at his own request.
At a meeting that was broadcast by Rossija 24, the president said he was looking forward to Ivanov's wishes on his appointment to be the head of the presidential office for a maximum of four years.
He also announced that Ivanov would be his special representative for ecology and transport.
The report on the replacement of the president's administration, now headed by Ivanov's current representative Vajno, is considered rather surprising.
Ivanov, who is 63, is one of Putin's closest associates.
This former KGB officer in the past, for example, served as Secretary of Defense and Deputy Prime Minister.
He will now leave the Chair of the President's Security Council.
Ivanov, in meeting with Putin, however, said that the length of stay at the head of state chief administration is actually a record-holder.
It lasted for four years and eight months.
In this context, he recalled that 11 people had been elected in this position for 25 years.
Both Kvitova and Deblistka Unry will not finish the final with Safarova.
So far, none of the Friday's tennis matches have failed to turn into final participation.
Petra Kvitova was the first to fight her, who succumbed to Puerto Rican surprise Monica Puigová after 4: 4, 6: 1 and 3: 6.
Kvitova was followed by Czech debtors Šafářivá and Uncle.
Williams sister Squadron in the first set reached for the win, but missed two sets and the Russians eventually captured the set in a shortened game.
The second set then lost 4: 6.
Half-time success in the morning program in Rio was recorded by Czech rowing: skipper Ondřej Synek with the win won his semifinals, when the second Damira Martina from Croatia beat despite the slowdown at the end for almost a second.
Good today, conditions were great, the wind calmed down.
I tried to save as much as possible, said Synek.
That his rivals, unlike him, had to fight for the fight.
So, they have somehow overtaken them, which might make it easier tomorrow.
But I'm not saying it's going to be easy, it's just playing in my cards, said the Duke of Prague.
Mirka Topinková-Knapková did not walk in Snykek's footsteps.
A thirty-five-year-old rookie occupied the fourth position in her semi-finals today, and on Saturday she is expected to start in the B finals and fight for 7th to 12th place.
The gold from London does not bother.
For the first time in the Olympics, I did not enter the final.
I'm sorry a bit, but on the other hand I was a good race and I did everything I could.
The opponents were simply better, Topink Knapkow bowed in front of them.
She fought to the end and believed she would be among the elite sixs on her fourth games.
The fight gave up just before the finish.
I knew the girls were well balanced, that anyone could move from this field.
I was surprised that the Chinese had such a finish.
And I thought that through the Austrians I could progress to the final.
Sadly, the race was held today, the 2011 world champion said.
Far behind the final gates in Rio remained the young shooter Filip Nepejchal, who did not even pass the qualifying for the second time, this time lying in the paddock.
Nepejchal took 33rd place in her.
Qualification was best for the Russians.
Sergei Kamenskij stepped in with 629 points, Kirill Grigorjan (628.9).
Nepejchal's shot had a value of 620.5 points.
For the first time, athletes, including the Czech sedanboy Kateřina Cachová and Eliška Klučinová, also spoke to Rio.
Cacho is eleventh after the discipline of the Olympic competition, the Czech record holder Eliška Klučinová is twenty-two.
British-born Katarina Johnson-Thompson, who jumped to a height of 198 centimeters, as well as the second Belgian Nafissat Thiam.
Both have taken care of the historically best height performance in the Sedmiboj.
They tried to jump 201 centimeters, but failed.
German, Russian, who is worse?
If we ignore the absurdity of this question: German society has gone through a profound self-reflection, while Russian does not.
In both the great eurasian peoples, dictators came in the 20th century, and regimes that were inhuman, brutal and horrible came to power.
The Russian Bolsheviks, from 1917 to 1989, contributed greatly to the 94 million victims of Communism, which featured the Black Book of Communism, whether it was day-to-day individual repression, targeted famines, incompetent warfare, or inhumane experiments.
The Nazis exterminated about 6 million Jews in an inhumane manner, and the total sacrifices of the Second World War are estimated at 60 million.
The Germans and the Soviets carried out atrocities in the occupied or abandoned areas.
There were not only a few individuals in Germany or the USSR, but a large part of the nation participated in these crimes, either actively, passively or just cowardly, or by squeezing their heads into the sand.
That is not the specifics of these nations, we Czechs are likewise guilty.
In Germany the immediate end of the war came to denise, the Nuremberg tribunal.
But the most important thing came later.
When the children grew up, they began to ask: "Daddy, Grandfather, why did you participate in such atrocities?
How could you!
This brought true reflection and cure for society.
The German elites have until recently been concerned with the prosperity of the country, the eradication of poverty, the well-being of its citizens.
Now they have other (often naively idealistic) goals, but they definitely do not want to join Alsace-Lorraine or someone - to revenge - to attack militarily - that everyone will recognize.
After the Lost Cold War in Russia, there was no major reflection.
The window of possible positive changes was finally closed at the turn of the millennium when a former KGB officer (sic!) Vladimir Putin came to power.
Often the crime scene is celebrated in Russia today.
The policy of Russia's little-sovereign is the revenge, the conquest of lost territories, the humiliation of the West.
The health, prosperity and future of our own people is of no value to the witch.
Your boy, and strangers will be afraid.
I still believe that it is only the decades of the despotic regime that the Russians are not genetically or culturally inferior - predestined to Asian (self) tyranny.
Who benefits the growth of tension around the Crimea?
Ukrainian Army.
In recent days and hours the situation has deteriorated on the Ukrainian-Russian border in the Crimea region.
Who is thriving for voltage growth?
After a longer period of relative peace, the relations between Ukraine and Russia again deteriorated again.
The pretext of the Ukrainian Party became the Peninsula of Crimea, which was connected more than two years ago to Russia and is part of its territory.
Of course, reports from both sides are contradictory, and it is difficult to verify them independently, so we can only think about the old well-known question of who is benefiting from it?
According to reports from Moscow, there have been terrorist attacks on the Crimea from the Ukrainian side, which of course denies Ukraine and, on the contrary, blames the Kremlin for provocation.
Information on the arrest of members of the Ukrainian Special Forces on the territory of Russia has already revealed from the case of pilot Savchenko that they were allegedly abducted in the territory of Russia.
If we come to the Ukrainian version, where would Russia benefit from a deterioration of the situation around the Crimea?
The simple answer is: in nothing.
Escalation of tensions around the Crimea can only harm Russia, mainly from the West in the form of further stigmatization of sanctions and reinforcement of anti-Russian campaign.
In the last year, in the background of the immigration crisis to Europe, the attention was drawn to the situation in Ukraine.
The Ukrainian leadership has lost all their credit to their citizens, when President Poroshenko's current support is around 15%.
The economy of Ukraine would long ago have gone bankrupt for not generous financial injections by the EU and, in particular, the IMF.
In this situation, the Ukrainian regime needs to turn its attention to its country again to justify its further requests for financial assistance and to try to improve the reputation of voters in its country.
President Poroshenko and other members of the Force Leadership once again want to show themselves as powerful men who are also not afraid to stand up to the great Russia.
All they have to do is hope that all those who are trying to unleash the open conflict between Ukraine and Russia will eventually realize their huge responsibility for the lives of not only soldiers but all ordinary people on both sides and stop their hostile actions in a timely manner.
Bulgaria for the first time in eight months reported inflation
According to national statistics, the monthly inflation rate in Bulgaria in July reached 1%.
This is the highest value in several years (since June 2012) and the first non-zero since October last year, when a positive inflation rate of 0.2% was published.
The annual average rate of CPI inflation over the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) was -0.8% over the previous 12 month period (August 2014 - July 2015).
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0% against June 2016, with monthly inflation at 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 versus December 2015) was -0.2% and the annual rate of inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
Compared to the previous month, in July 2016, the growth of these groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), culture and recreation (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), other goods and services (0.3%) were recorded in July 2016.
Prices dropped in clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%), health (0.1%).
At the same level as the previous month, prices for alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education remained.
US secret services have been following hacker attacks by the Russians.
Information on Russian attacks came to the public last month when the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) announced that it was targeting the attack on the servers of the party's Democratic headquarters.
However, no official report mentions the Russian share of the attack.
Moscow has denied the share of the attack.
The report on the monitoring of the alleged Russian attack was strictly secret because it would reveal that US intelligence hacker attacks were being monitored and revealed could be the way they do it and what resources they use.
Two Russian intelligence services were allegedly involved in the assault.
New Advisory Board on Cyber Security
The tracking material for the Russian footprint was encrypted and only a small group of experts had access to it, Reuters wrote.
Only a small group of eight leading members of the Congress, known as the US gang, was informed of public officials.
It is made up of the Chambers of both Chambers Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan, the Chairs of the Democrats in both Chambers, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid, and four members of the Defense and Security Committees of Congress.
Democratic Party Chief Donna Brazile on Thursday announced that it is setting up a Cyber Security Advisory Board to "prevent future attacks and ensure first-class protection of the Democratic Party's servers."
The smoked salmon of Alberta was a dangerous parasite.
The chain apologized.
On the basis of a consumer's inducement for health problems after consuming the food Salmon Wild Smoked - Pieces of 100g, the date of consumption 22.11.2016, the Prague hygienists checked the Albert stores on Wenceslas Square and Na Můstku.
The inspection found that lot L23012562 / T4 with consumption date 22.11.2016, which the customer was noticed, was no longer available and therefore the product of the same batch was taken with the consumption date 11.12.2016.
The presence of Anisakis spp. Anisakis simplex was confirmed by laboratory testing.
It is a parasitic worm of the digestive tract of marine mammals.
This is dangerous for humans - the larvae in the body cavity or the muscles of the fish are a strong allergen and live-breasted larvae can penetrate through the stomach wall into the internal organs, Šticha said.
We greatly apologize for the problems with this branded product.
We immediately withdrew the batch and, for precautionary reasons, we also downloaded all of the other batch of this item.
Errors occurred on the part of the vendor we are dealing with, and we have tested this product for ourselves, Alberta Barboro Vanko's spokeswoman told Newcastle.
If a customer purchases this product, he can return it to any store chain and get the money back.
The larvae will destroy frost as well as adequate heat treatment
The seller was Nekton - Vrňata.
The Czech and Central Bohemian Veterinary Administrations informed about the occurrence of dangerous product hygiene.
According to server bezpečnostpotravin.cz people after parasite infestation can become ill with anisakiosis, which is manifested by severe abdominal pain, vomiting and nausea, or the disease can occur without a mark, ČTK said.
Symptoms occur within an hour to two weeks after consuming infected fish with insufficient heat treatment.
Three weeks after the onset of the disease, the larvae mostly spontaneously leave the digestive tract.
Adult worms and larvae are susceptible to both higher and lower temperatures, therefore they are killed either with adequate heat treatment or when frozen.
Veterinarians have also checked salmon at the recipient of imported goods in the Central Bohemia Region.
Three of the five specimens examined had a parasite.
A consignment of 1700 products came to the Czech Republic according to the State Veterinary Administration (SVA) at the beginning of April.
Exported, largely to the Ahold chain, to date, 919 packs.
Currently, the unsold stock of products is being withdrawn from stores, Petr Pejchal, SVS spokeswoman, said on Friday.
Immediately after finding positive samples, the veterinarians banned the sending of other products from the warehouse.
The seventeen-year-old British wanted to escape from Rakka, killing her apparently with a Russian raid.
After an initial enthusiasm and a quick marriage to the jihadist who was soon killed, there was sobering.
The expected paradise of the Caliphate turned to the British girls in hell on earth, from which there was no escape.
The girl was, according to her relatives, in contact with her sister Halima.
She telephoned her repeatedly in Britain, and confessed she wanted to go back home.
Leaving the Islamic State is like trying to escape from Alcatraz.
They have an order to shoot without thinking, quotes The Telegraph of the family lawyer of the deceased girl of Tashn Akunjee.
The last footprints led to Rakka, where the girl had been the last to speak.
Then there was only a message of her death that could not be verified.
The family communicated with her from an apartment in East London.
Together they discussed how they could get from Rakka and cross the Turkish border.
There they hoped to meet a former student again.
But Kadiza was probably killed before she could escape because the house she was staying in was ramping up in May with the ground, British ITV News said.
The television added that the bomb apparently overthrew a Russian plane attacking the IS bastion in Syria.
You would bring blue from the sky just to get your child out of a dangerous area, said Tasni Akunjee, a family lawyer.
In the week when Kadiza was thinking of escaping from the territory of the Islamic State, an Austrian was caught in an attempt to escape and, according to available information, was publicly slaughtered to death.
I think he interpreted it (Kadiza) as a warning and decided not to risk, according to BBC Akunjee.
The family would do anything.
Kadiza Sutlana, along with 15-year-old schoolgirls from Shamima Begum and Amira Abas, set out on February 17 last year.
At home they only said they were going out.
They headed for Gatwick Airport and from there to Turkey to the IS controlled area.
The girl's family, according to the lawyer, did everything in her power to get Kadizu back.
You would bring blue from the sky just to get your child out of the dangerous area, and this family did everything she could, straining all the strength to get her daughter home.
It was not possible without risking being trapped by themselves, the lawyer added.
The only positive thing he says is that Kadizas's fate can serve as a deterrent case for other girls or even boys who are going to be fooled by Islamist propaganda.
"There are many cases when people went there, realized how things were there, understood how far it was different from the propaganda promises of the Islamic state, and wanted to come back," Akunjee said.
The fate of Cadiz's classmates is not known.
But as they have also paused, their families have to accept that they are most likely dead.
To jail for money.
In Scotland, you can go to grills without committing a crime.
For centuries, the village of Inveraray was the county center and seat of the Duke of Argyll.
Since the middle of the 18th century, courts have been running in the town hall, and the underground basement served as a local jail.
The conditions in which the convicts dwelt were pitiful and many prisoners tried to escape.
Many of them are successful too.
That is why the city officials decided to move the prison area to a new location.
The new building was completed in 1848 and was much more welcoming to the prisoners, with heating and gas lighting.
In any case, it has not been in operation for a long time since its closure occurred for economic reasons at the end of August 1889, as the smaller correctional facilities were expensive to operate and not paid much.
Stories of convicts and hunting for spirits.
For the public, the prison opened a century later, visitors can compare the old building with the new one to see how different conditions prevailed in them.
Guides in period costumes have an even more authentic experience.
There is also a torture room where visitors can find out what forms of punishment the criminals have been doing, whether it's finger breaking or burning marks on the body.
As part of the tour, tourists can be locked in one of the cellars, mostly due to a photograph of their memory, or to inspire the feeling that the prisoners experience.
Besides, Inveraray is one of Scotland's most famous sites, where it is reportedly haunted.
There have already been several groups of paranormal hunters, and to this day the museum allows people to come to some ghosts to hunt.
Such a night, however, will come out at 300 pounds, which is about 9500 crowns.
In addition to this popular tourist attraction, municipalities also attract great food, surrounding panoramas and history.
The "Animé" effect on Snapchat is criticized as an Asian cartoon
According to Snapchat, this filter is inspired by animes, but some observers say they are racially insensitive.
Snapchat everyday allows about 150 million users to change reality and to play with identity ways that bordering on absurdity.
You can make a pineapple, a dog, or a figure that looks like you're out of the picture of Roy Lichtenstein.
Filters are simple tools that deform reality and generate more than 30 million enhanced selfsets each day.
Any mistake will be published immediately.
Snapchat filters have historically been criticized for accusing the application of blackfacing or supporting white skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
So, when this week a user offered a filter that had sloping eyes, crooked teeth and inflated faces, some critics called it a racist cartoon of the Asians - "yellowface."
And they wondered whether these recurring issues were not a bigger issue for society - a problem with diversity.
On Wednesday, Verge and Motherboard wrote, and the news and indignation quickly spread, and Snapchat said the next day he had canceled the function.
The company offered an explanation: The filter was intended to show accounts to animated characters, not as cartoons of Asians.
But, the observers who witnessed racism, the filter reminded painful stereotypes in action.
The others without a cover comparison with the animé refused.
Grace Sparapani, a student of American art from Korea, whose tweet on photos was widely shared, said in an e-mail that the filter was "at least harmful and embarrassing."
She added that "it is hard to argue against the comparison of the obvious Asian cartoon and filter effects.
It turns out that the filter is not only a yellowface, but that the yellow face is drawn to a scruffy extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that has exceeded these cultural limits.
It seems that American culture has an endless struggle for diversity and inclusion, from Hollywood corporations and the facilities we all carry in our hands.
And a huge number of young people in Snapchat - who are more racially diversified than their older partners - may mean that even greater sensitivity can be expected.
"When one Snapchat filter creates an image that is offensive to some user," said Katie Zhu, 25, on Thursday in an interview, "it is very difficult for these things to go unnoticed today as it once was."
Katie Zhu, a product manager and designer working for Medium, decided on Thursday to delete her Snapchat account and invited others to do the same.
In the Medium article, she said she was convinced that racially motivated problems reflected the lack of diversity in the Snapchat staff recruitment.
Katie Zhu criticized the predominantly wholly, wholly male leadership of the company, and the article ended with a hash tag: #DeleteSnapchat.
"It's either that they do not have any diversity among the employees and the colorful people when they decide on these things," said Zhuo, who is of Chinese-American origin, "or there colorful people work but not in positions to feel safe or pleasant to speak."
Other observers share her opinion - a complaint that Snapchat left largely unanswered.
The company does not disclose the figures regarding the diversity of its employees, with the status of a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to talk about the racial origin of his employees, but according to a spokesperson, the company recently accepted a recruiter who should focus on the under-represented population and on internal control of inclusion.
Zhu adds, "I'm curious if they really need other users who can say it's not okay," saying that their account will be canceled.
Army officers distorted intelligence about IS, says parliamentary committee
The parliamentary committee in a report released on Thursday said officials from the United States headquarters changed intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic state in Iraq and Syria than the events provided by the country.
According to a preliminary report by a working group set up by the Republican chairman of the Armed Forces Committee, the Intelligence Service and the Subcommittee on Defense, there was "wide dissatisfaction" between central intelligence analysts according to which their superiors changed their assessment of US efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
The Central Command, known as CentCom, is the army headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The statement in the press release states: "Outcome intelligence services endorsed by senior officers at the Center usually offered a more positive image of the US counterterrorism efforts than were confirmed by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analyzes from other parts of the intelligence community.
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our fighters are damaged when misconceptions are made by senior policymakers," said Ken Calvert, Congressman and Republican of California.
Crash in Centcom leads to the top of the organization.
The ten-page report details the continuing problems of the Central Staff in describing and analyzing US efforts to train Iranian forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although there is no conclusive evidence that Obama administration's top officials have ordered the reports to be modified, the report states that analysts have the impression of being pressured by Centoc's leaders to present a more optimistic view of the dangers represented by the Islamic state.
"In the first half of 2015, many of the press releases of the Central Staff, statements, and testimonies from Congress were significantly more positive than what events really were," the report said.
For example, the Centoc's representative publicly stated that a major military attack to take Mosul could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"This is clear after the months of the investigation," Mike Pompeo, a representative of the Republican Party of Kansas, said in a statement.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, top USSR intelligence officers manipulated the intelligence output of the staff with the aim of harassing the dangers of the IS in Iraq.
Republicans set up a working group after learning about analysts' concerns that intelligence services related to the Islamic state are being manipulated.
After a report released on Thursday, further investigations must follow a further investigation.
Centoc's intelligence services are undergoing further investigations conducted by the General Inspectorate of the Department of Defense.
Democratic members of the Intelligence Service on Thursday published their own findings, which corresponded to some of the conclusions of the Republican Working Group.
"Between 2014 and 2015, the CentCo created a very narrow process for compiling evaluation information on the IS and the Iraqi security forces," said Adam B. Schiff, Chairman of the Committee and Democrats Representative.
According to Adam Schiff's words, this process "has led to a distortion of intelligence outputs," corrupting analysts' morale and "disregarding disagreements."
However, Schiff and the Democrats say they have not found any evidence that the White House is trying to push Centoc's analysts to adjust their conclusions to "a draft or a political situation."
The preliminary results of the parliamentary investigation were published on Tuesday at the Daily Beast.
Last August, the New York Times reported on an ongoing investigation into the Pentagon Inspector General, which was launched after complaints by Centoc's analysts.
Commander Lieutenant Patrick Evans, a spokesman for the Pentagon, said in a statement that the defense ministry would not comment on the parliamentary report because the investigation of the Chief Inspector is still ongoing.
He said, however, that "experts sometimes do not agree on the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence community and the defense ministry welcome a healthy dialogue on these fundamental issues of national security."
Investigations have implications beyond the question of whether Americans are conducting bombing in Iraq and Syria successful (a statement now claimed by a growing number of defense officials).
However, last year's accusations raised questions as to the extent to which President Obama can rely on the fact that the Central Staff honestly assesses military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis locations.
Islamic intelligence criticisms have sparked conflicts for more than a decade, when Centro's intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper stating that President George W. Bush's administration - despite many analysts' objections - advocated a small unit in Iraq and devoted little time to thinking about what will follow the 2003 invasion.
Hooker also played a key role in opposing the intelligence services of the Islamic State.
Last year, the authorities announced that the Hooker team had come to the conclusion that despite public announcements to the contrary, the air strikes against the refiners of the Islamic State did not weaken the financial resources of the terrorist group because the group built temporary refineries and sells oil on the black market.
The Times reported in September that the findings were not passed outside the central staff.
Centocal Commander Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III was then criticized for the past year after many lawmakers found Senate testimony to be a very positive assessment of the war.
General Austin resigned in April and was replaced by Gen. Joseph L. Votel in Centcom.
USA wins in field hockey in the fourth game in a row, so today will play a crucial match in the team of Great Britain
Katie Bam in the match against Japan, which ended with a 6: 1 victory, scored three goals and just a day later for the US women's hockey team scored the first two goals of the match in which America beat India 3: 0 on Thursday.
Five goals in two matches is a success worthy of remembrance, but Bam (27) said she was not sure if she had ever succeeded in doing so.
"I have no idea," she said.
I'm not one of those who write their goals.
But this one knows: The American at the Olympic tournament heads for the 4: 0 matches and is the first place in the group with Great Britain, which stayed on Thursday after the defeat of Japan 2: 0 remained unbeaten.
The United Kingdom and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last match of the first round.
Both teams qualify for the quarterfinals and the match will decide which of the six teams will finish first and second.
The team from the first place is a bit longer avoiding the strong Danes who are at the head of the second group.
Whatever the Saturday match will be, the Americans have stirred up their surprising drive here four years after finishing 12 teams in London.
The team was also Bam.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and landed her hockey stick when she was 3 years old (her older sister twins played in Drexel) and joined the national team when she was 16 and became her youngest player at all.
The 2008 Olympics escaped her because she did not get to the final list.
Then came the year 2012, when neither her nor the members of her team did well.
Next year, Englishman Craig Parnham was appointed coach, and things started to change.
"Cultural change, mental change, physical change," Bam said.
In London we did not have the pace of work that we have today.
We made a complete turnaround.
On Thursday night Bamova started in the first half by taking a goal by a nearby bekend.
India made the match without winning the tournament, but the team turned out to be surprisingly tough and held a score of 1: 0 until the end of the third quarter when Bam took the opportunity.
She leapt to the left of the field, then scrolled to the center and shot the ball into the goal to get the Americans to the lead 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez added the last goal in half-fourth quarter.
The retirement of the American goalkeeper, Jackie Briggs, who helped in one of three victories in each of three victories, was the first in the tournament.
It's in great shape.
Like Bam.
"Now we are in a good place," said Parnham, but how good it is, it will depend on the outcome of the Saturday match.
Zen trampolines amid olympic rampage
No matter where you are, no matter how many hours it is - it's the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro are felt by a persistent, indescribable and enthusiastic rotation of competition and effort.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself was a glowing relay pin that is passed on from the lone swimmer, gymnast and triathlete.
You can not turn on the TV, read a newspaper, or listen to your neighbor's queue in a coffee shop without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecka, or the bitterness between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, the upcoming valentine of women, is the first time in the Olympics and could also be among those whose names are heard in mainstream homes between advertising and sponsor spots if he were a swimmer, a gymnast or even a swordsman.
But Dooley (28) from Lake Forest, California, is fighting for Olympic gold in the trampoline jumps.
The Olympic Fire does not shine on all competitions as well.
Next to the center, a bit in the shade are sports that are not universally recognized: air pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekvondo.
We will always be successful in a classic swimming style - and will probably rule long.
But if I can name my extraordinary favorite, let me draw attention to the inconspicuous trampoline spell.
Even though the trampoline jumps to Olympic sports since 2000, when they were first introduced to Sydney games, after 16 years of intervention, this sport is almost unnoticed - many people I have questioned did not even know that it is an Olympic sport.
It may be regional indifference.
The USA never won the medals in the jump on the trampoline and until 2012 none of the athletes got to the final.
Male prizes are usually divided between China and Russia and in the female category between China and Canada.
This year's gold medal from London will feature Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada.
Trampoline jumps have another bad luck, partly because the uninitiated ear will seem to be more suited to Clown University than to the Olympics.
I have to admit that I am not an expert, but only a watching enthusiast.
It has a comic potential - the comic vibrations of endless reflection - but also the glamor of gymnastics and diving, the two sports that combine it.
The word "trampoline" is derived from the Spanish "el trampolín", which means "diving board."
Aspirational champions jump on a huge trampoline that flies them up to almost 10 meters in height and shows sets with several elements (salta, screws and combinations) before finally landing on their feet again.
According to the official Olympic program, they are rated according to performance, difficulty and "time in the air".
In Rio, thirty-three athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete in Rio.
The usual trajectory of the Olympic Track is ahead.
Gold medal fighters must go on, faster and higher, sometimes to the end, sometimes back and forth, up and down.
They try to catch up not only with the target tape or the starting wall, but as TV news reports also suggest another line of thought: the world record or the Olympic record.
This unanimous effort is fabulous, admirable, a bit fanatical - and sufficient to bring the audience to tears.
But I think it's somewhat exhausting when you watch the Olympics.
Trampoline jumps in this respect bring relief.
Trampoline athlete's path is up.
The point is not moving forward.
He or she is reflecting as if they were in a stateless weight like astronauts, flying up, then down, then again effortlessly up.
Without competition and, of course, no difficulty, but for the duration of the race there is no furious fight to achieve the goal, no distance measurement, but only a perfect, graceful time and gravity.
This is the closest when the Olympics and the Zen approach.
The Women's Qualification and Final will be held on Friday afternoon, at 13 o'clock in the East, male competitions on Saturday at the same time.
NBC will broadcast the final in the afternoon block, which starts at 2pm at 2 pm.
In the midst of the Olympic madness, they promise quiet, pleasant moments that you will probably miss over other battles.
And if only athletes are to be the subject of loving looks and materialization - as the US gymnasts have recently suggested by the Wall Street Journal - Logan Dooley is just waiting for his new fans who are breathtaking.
"Protesting generation" in Ethiopia, a longtime US ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia have come across a violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses say that during the clashes with the police many protesters were shot.
Is there a war in Ethiopia?
In the past decade, it has been one of the most stable nations in Africa, a solid Western alliance with a rapidly growing economy.
Over the last few months, the country has been engaging in anti-governmental riots that have spread to more and more areas.
Just over the last week, thousands of people have been pushing for the streets, demanding major political changes.
According to human rights organizations, the government's response was merciless.
Witnesses say the police shot and killed a host of unarmed demonstrators.
Colliding videos of protests likely to come from the end of last year or earlier this year are captured by security forces battling young people with sticks after they were forced to stand by the wall in their hands.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and make a step forward even harder," said Rashid Abdi, Head of the Horn of Africa project for the International Crisis Group.
Ethiopia is Nigeria's second most populous nation in Africa, and its stability is backed by the West.
US military and intelligence services work closely with the Ethiopians to address the threat of a terrorist attack in the region, especially in Somalia, and few of the African countries, if any, are getting such assistance from the West.
The economy of Ethiopia developed at an impressive pace.
Its infrastructure has fundamentally improved - in the capital of Addis Ababa, there is even a new suburban train.
And city streets are typically quiet, safe and clean.
However, Ethiopia can hardly be described as a model of democracy - human rights organizations are constantly talking about government repression - the opposition in the country has been suppressed, dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were denounced, imprisoned, killed or expelled to the desert.
However, this may change.
"When people suck and they have no choice but to protest, it will break," said Seyoum Teshome, who lectures at the University of Central Ethiopia.
It protests all the youth.
It protests the whole generation.
Complaints are many and concern everything from controversy over land after absolute control of the ruling coalition's power.
After last year's election, which was widely criticized, the ruling party and its allies won the last chair held by the opposition and now controls 100 percent in parliament.
At the same time, the pressure on the border with Eritrea is rising. The conflict along this inaccurately marked controversy has claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Anylitics are concerned that separatist groups that have been more or less suppressed over the past years, such as the Oroman Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to use confusion and rearm.
There are several factors that explain why now, after years of smoldering under the surface, these bitter feelings have re-burst.
The first is seemingly harmless: smart phones.
Many Ethiopians can communicate through social networks for the past few years, when cheaper smartphones have become available and Internet service provision has improved.
And while the government forbids access to Facebook or Twitter, as is usually the case during protests, many people can still communicate over Internet proxies that hide the location of these people.
Several young Ethiopians spoke about how they gathered for protests.
There is also greater solidarity between Oroma and Amhara, the two largest ethnical groups in Ethiopia.
Oroms and Amharas are not natural allies.
For many ages, the Amharists, mostly from the Christian hills of Ethiopia, excelled in politics and business and used the Oroms, many Muslims living in the lowlands.
But it also changes.
"We are on our way to unified leadership," said Mulatu Gemechu, leader of the Oroms.
The largest protests occurred in the areas populated by Amhara and Oroma.
Many Amhar and Oroms believe that Ethiopia is wrongly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which accounts for about 6 percent of the population, and controls the army, intelligence, trade and politics.
The third reason for the turmoil is the death of Mels Zenawi.
Zenawi, the former leader of the insurgents, was the Ethiopian Prime Minister for 17 years until his death in 2012, when he suffered unspecified illnesses.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could see the corner.
Analysts say he was particularly capable of revealing the initial signals of dissatisfaction, and used the ambassadors to process and gain access to his side.
"The current regime lacks basic knowledge," said Abdi, a conflict analyst.
New Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hailemariam Desalegn, was pulled out of relative ignorance to replace Zenawi.
Unlike Zenawi, which originated in the Tigrian region of northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he has no confidence in the security services run by the Tigers.
Many worry that the result will be another shedding of blood.
Last Ethiopia experienced such unrest in 2005 after thousands of people protested against what the analysts had described as an election that the government had crushed and then stolen.
There followed a hard hit, during which many protestors were killed - albeit less than in the past months - and this period of turmoil has passed relatively quickly.
Developers appreciated the leaders of Ethiopia for visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new suburban train and measurable progress in combating poverty.
However, it is quite obvious that the gradual increase of disputes within the Ethiopian government did not stop.
And there is dangerous ethnic formation.
Last month, protestors in Gandar, an Amharic city, have invaded Tigrets-owned businesses, and hatred against Tigrets on social networks is becoming more commonplace.
Analysts say the protests are putting the US and other Western allies in trouble.
The US government uses Ethiopia as the base for drones over Somalia, although it has recently declared that the base has been closed.
While the West wants to unequivocally support democracy, it does not want its ally to fall apart in an already volatile area.
"That," said Abdi, "is a very sharp edge of the blade."
Donald Trump explains his statement on Obama and IS funding as "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump attempted to mock the latest controversy flooding his campaign by saying he did not mean it seriously several times this week that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were "founders" of the Islamic State terrorist group.
The explanation raised new questions about the ability of the Republican presidential candidate to talk clearly with the American public.
He also puts his supporters in a state of disarray, who have been hindering him vigorously in stormy weather, and must explain that he may not have thought seriously about his remarks.
Following this proposal Wednesday night, Trump confirmed the statement Thursday and insisted in the interview that he did not really intend to say that the President and H. Clinton created the IS.
But in a Twitter post on Friday morning, Trump said he was just sarcastic.
The paper was the opposite of the old one day's statement, when Trump said in several interviews that he was serious about his accusation.
When the conservative radio moderator Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump slackening the remark by reminding Obama of destroying the IS, the Republican candidate for the president did not respond.
The latest storm comes as Trump tried to focus his campaign on the economy, while his preferences in election polls are falling.
Trump and Clinton took part in the Michigan Duel this week on economic issues.
On Friday, Trump tried to return to the topic again.
On Twitter, he again warned that Clinton's proposals were linked to raising taxes, and said that her speech was boring.
Trump used the defense of sarcasm earlier.
At the end of July, when he took a wave of criticism with a suggestion that the Russians should penetrate Clinton's emails, he would later explain his remark by saying, "I am, of course, sarcastic."
This approach allows Trump to push the limits of policy statements and mitigate them as needed.
"I think it's his way of testing the extent to which some reports have a response to his supporters to find out how they react and responded one way or the other," he explained, "said Ruth Sherman, a communication specialist who followed the language used by both candidates.
But I also think that he is skilled in his statements and knows they are vaguely vague enough to explain them differently.
As the results of the pre-election polls continue to decline, Trump has been even more flipping over the last few days, instead of mitigating things for general voters.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist survey, which was released on Friday, showed that Tump is far behind Clinton in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and very close to her in Florida.
Trump even tries to avoid apologizing for the provocative statements he says but often criticizes his critics for misinterpretations of his words or misunderstanding of his sense of humor.
But as Trump faces increased attention in the closing months of the presidential campaign, Trump's jokes have put his dear supporters to the unpleasant situation, who have to publicly stand behind him, no matter how provocative his remarks are.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City, one of the most prominent Trump's supporters, had to advocate a broad-based defense on Thursday in a CNN interview.
"I think what he says is a legitimate political commentary," Giuliani said, when asked about the credibility of Trump's claim that Obama and Clinton had founded the Islamic State.
This is true in the sense that Obama was almost unknown to Obama, a small organization he erroneously called a newcomer, and it was because he withdrew his troops from Iraq.
Most common Republicans are trying to argue that Obama's government, in which Clinton served as Foreign Minister, allowed the IS to swell and failed to handle the situation in the Middle East aggressively.
Before Friday's rallies in Pennsylvania, Trump continued to fire fire on the media around the world for spoiling his every word and being impressed with him.
He laughed at the "poor, pathetic" television scholars who tried to understand him and said, "It can not do that!"
Several Democrats apologized to Trump for being just another proof that he was not eligible for the presidential office.
Café pushed prices out of the market, now returning to Greenpoint
The Verb Cafe Cafe was a tricky place in Williamsburg, where you could pay only in cash, without Wi-Fi, but where coffee was served for 15 years.
Naturally, she was pushed out of the facade of Bedford Avenue.
Soap Cherie - the store that Verb replaced in the summer of 2014 - sells soap-shaped soaps.
Local people have been crying as the last loss of a growing city.
Artist Molly Crabapple on Twitter wrote: "New York is a change, I know, but I still can not believe that CBGB is dead, Chelsea Hotel is plundered and Verb is now a soap shop."
But if New York is changed, then it's also a rediscovery.
Resurrected Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original site.
The new Verb has a wifi and accepts credit cards, but some of the original employees work there and there is a modest, modest atmosphere.
Coffee is still good.
The manager of the new Verbu is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the original cafeteria, who is also the owner and executive director of the new site.
In Verb he started in 2001 and stayed until the end.
When one of his customers offered him to pay for a move to a new location, he said he would do it with joy.
Rodriguez (36) left many things the way they were.
The verb still has the same bakery supplier and bought the same model of espresso machine.
He even used the illumination of the old Verbu again.
But Rodriguez said he wanted to try something new.
He started using new ingredients.
Ham sandwiches, eggs and cheese and toppings, such as capers and fried onions, are available.
There are also brown rice dishes.
The café no longer offers beer, but offers you fresh fruit juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez noticed a steady influx of original stamagasts.
"A number of original customers from Williamsburg also had to emigrate for prices," he said.
Last Sunday was one of those customers, Rebecca Oliveira.
Mrs. Oliveira (34) lived in Williamsburg and went to Verb Cafe frequently.
It did even when the café moved to Greenpoint.
She said that when Verb closed, she stopped drinking coffee for some time.
"I found out that what I like is coffee and culture in Verb," she said.
Now she's still drinking coffee, but on that day, instead of her usual icy coffee, she gave mixed chai, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another long-time customer, has been going to Verb since 2003.
He goes to work and always orders the same thing.
"In quarter and eight here every day, like a watch, I will come and prepare my dough with everything and butter," he said.
Photo: Rodriguez said he wanted to try something new and add new ingredients to the offer.
Mr. Rosenthal continues to order what he usually does, but occasionally he lets his bacon with bacon, eggs and ham.
Rodriguez said he was not sorry that the soap trade had taken his old place.
The truth is that the owners of Soap Cherie offered him to make a special soap for Verb and use filtered coffee from the café as an ingredient.
"I think we could still use it," Rodriguez said.
Also, the traditional Polish residents of the Greenpoint Café accepted well.
One of the new customers translated the offer into Polish, and Rodriguez said he wanted to find a place to expose soon enough to make his new neighbors feel at home.
The new site has other benefits.
Local fruit juice maker wants to roll into bottles and sell filtered coffee.
There is a possibility to extend the café into a neighboring building.
Many customers just need to get back their old favorite.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer, and when the coffee house closed, he was breaking his heart.
Mr. Whitt says when the café opens again, to come in and have coffee is like coming home.
"She missed the smell," he said.
Depressed food from the crisis - in "Square Meal"
Shortly after he joined the president in March 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat in the Oval Office and drank.
Gourmet President Roosevelt enjoyed some of the 5th avenue dishes, such as a goose liver pâté and a Maryland turtle soup.
His menu for this day was modest: egg for a devilish way in tomato sauce, potato purée and dessert plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who suffered," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, "It was also a message to the Americans about how to eat."
The couple who lives in Brooklyn Heights is devoted to gastronomic history.
Andrew Coe's latest book "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Jane in his book "97 Orchard" tells the story of a home on the Lower East Side through food.
Their new joint work "A Square Meal," published on Tuesday by Harper, is the history of American cuisine during a major economic crisis.
They themselves showed cookery solidarity, and they met with the reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's sandwich shop, a small austere buffet in the Flatiron district, which has been in operation since the crisis since 1929.
Jane (54) ordered cream cheese and sandwich with chopped olives, Andrew (57) put turkey, potato mash and mixed vegetables.
The reporter ordered a mass meatballs, which, according to the couple, fit perfectly to talk about food during the crisis.
"The meatballs were very popular," said Miss Ziegelman.
The peanut, liver and bean meatballs were sold.
They were made from the ingredients and other cheap foods that set the ingredients.
Convert a number of peanuts that you have to eat for dinner.
Andrew Coe grinned.
"They would be in your stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the crisis, American cuisine, especially in rural areas, was served as a buffet of snacks.
Women's teams cooked for farm laborers and a freshly baked cake served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War. "A Square Meal" follows the ways in which the nation coped with the fact that it was not a country of abundance.
"It was a time when food became a central, dreaded point for the American people," Coe said, explaining why he and his wife chose to write about it.
The new budget diet was equally feared: mysterious meals such as burgers and cashew nut dishes, castrails as "a wonderful way to use the remains," Ziegelman noted, as chefs could hide non-estetic ingredients beneath the creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat - long-standing central point of American food - has become economically allocated luxury.
Strange smells, which were meant to serve as a calorie and nutritional fill, preferred to taste or even common sense in cooking.
During the surveys for a book that contained recipes, Miss Ziegelman prepared a roasted onion meal filled with peanut butter.
"It was not a favorite addition to the evening table," said Andrew Coe.
Jane Ziegelman emphasized: "It was surreal."
Burlap butter with roasted onion does not go together.
It was typical of many homemade recipes.
As ever before, and never before, domestic economists - among them Louise Stanley, the heads of the Federal Office for the Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - have controlled the eating habits of the country.
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, encouraging women to take over budget rebates, and slices such as carrot spaghetti and carrots turned into tasty dishes.
The book "A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical delights.
In particular, desserts were created by the government's response to hungry citizens, such as the pose of President Herbert Hoover, "I'll have a cake."
While publicly praising the simple iow farm kitchen of his childhood, he was dining as the chosen millionaire he had become.
"He likes to eat continental cuisine like fish with cucumber sauce," said Andrew Coe.
He ate in an almost gaudy room, wearing smoking.
He was incredibly old-fashioned.
President Roosevelt would probably have made the same mistakes if his wife Eleanor did not want him to go through his own stomach.
As the book tells, Mrs. Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who was not interested in it at all, which led to the White House "not only serving almost the finest food in Washington but also in the most inexperienced manner."
A number of eating habits from the time of the crisis faded as soon as the earth reeled to its feet.
The link has remained in our constant study of calories and nutritional values, says Miss Ziegelman, and in the way science is applied to cooking.
The couple said they were better able to understand the eating habits of Miss Ziegelman's mother during writing, and why she could not throw out food.
"She was really afraid of wasting food," said Andrew Coe.
Ziegelman said, "People were wrong with her."
There was a wreck accident.
When Eisenberg had clean tables, she and Mr. Coe drew the dessert they prepared at home: the plum dessert that President Roosevelt ate at lunch.
"It's called plum cream," Ziegelman said, adding that the usual trick was to give the modest recipes elegant names.
There was no cream, just plums, some flour, sugar, water, and cinnamon.
Every man reluctantly buried the spoon into a dense brown mass.
Surprisingly, it was bad.
Andrew Coe added, and then again.
And as a good man, he said to his wife, "It would be a little chopped wool."
Europeans: Migrants go for benefits.
Most refugees who come to Europe are coming for economic reasons.
Young Russians make fun of themselves.
This is how serials would look like if we were making them.
A group of Russian artists who call themselves 2D Among Us are making fun of their native country.
Using photoshop, he creates collages that are funny to show how it would look if famous series and movies were filmed in Russia.
Gilead is entitled to reimburse the cost of legal representation in the case of a patent against hepatitis C against the Merck Group
The district court judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc. is entitled to the lawyers' fees paid to her in the patent proceedings against hepatitis C against the drug manufacturer of Merck & Co. Inc.
In June, Gilead's decision to pay 200 million damages for the violation of two Merck patents in connection with highly successful Gilead, Sovaldi and Harvoni's drugs was canceled after a federal judge found repeatedly unlawful behavior on Merck's part, including a lie under oath and other unethical practices.
Federal judge Beth Labson Freeman said on Thursday that Gilead is entitled to waive the fees that have arisen in connection with the representation of the case.
Merck tries to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for new generation drugs against C-type jaundice that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with this liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and claimed to be the owner of the basic laboratory research for sofosbuvir, the active ingredient of Gilead.
US-backed military units claim they have full control of the Manjid city
US-backed military units have gained full control of the northern town of Manabi near the Turkish border after the last Islamic state fighters fled the city, a group spokeswoman said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) is now scouring the city after leaving the rest of the group of radicals hiding in the city.
Units have freed more than 2,000 civilians detained by the radicals, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF Alliance and the Manibe military council told Reuters.
"The city is now fully under our control but we are still searching for it," he told Reuters.
In 2015, Clinton earned $ 10.75 million and paid the federal tax rate of 34.2 percent
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her tax return for 2015, which states that the presidential candidate for Democrats and her husband had $ 10.75 million in revenue and paid a real tax of 34.2 percent.
Clinton donated $ 1 million to charities, mostly to the Clinton Foundation, in 2015. Ex-President Bill Clinton contributed nearly $ 5.3 million in lectures to a joint bill, and the former foreign minister admitted $ 3 million in income from Simon & Schuster's book on his foreign affairs job.
Clinton's co-candidate, US Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia and his wife Anne Holton published tax returns for 10 years.
In 2015, they paid a real tax of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to be a model of financial transparency," said Jennifer Palmieri, who helped the Clinton campaign.
Against this, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and retreats from his earlier promises to publish his tax returns.
It is customary that US presidential candidates will publish their tax returns, even if the law does not impose them.
Trump, a trader from New York, and his lawyers cited the tax department audit of the Ministry of Finance as a reason for declining his tax returns.
"Your move," Hillary Clinton's aide adjuster said on Twitter and followed up on the tax returns of Democratic candidates.
Michael Cohen, a special Trump's advisor, said on CNN Thursday that he would not allow Trump to issue tax returns until the audits are over.
According to Trump critics, including Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other members of the Republican Party, they agree that his rejection raises questions about his net profit, charity contributions, business transactions and various other relationships, including relations with Russia.
Clinton on the issue is strong and on Friday she released a video in which she recalls how high-ranking Republicans urge Trump to make their tax returns public.
On Thursday, the question is mentioned in his speech on economic issues in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what all other presidential candidates have done for decades - publishing their tax returns," she said before the people.
Politico said Trump had paid no or very low taxes for the last two years of the 1990s, and a New York Times columnist quoted a number of tax advisers and accountants who say it can be so today.
Federal tax rates have become the theme of President's election.
Clinton enforces a rule named after billionaire Warren Buffett, which would ensure that everyone who earns more than $ 1 million a year will pay a minimum of 30 percent tax.
President Barack Obama also supports the proposal.
Last week, the Buffett at the Clinton Assembly in Omaha, Nebraska, home to the Buffet Concert of Berkshire Hathaway, invited Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffett said he also went through the IRS audit and that Trump "is not afraid" of the tax office, but voters.
The Clinton campaign published tax returns back to 2007.
Clinton, now living in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average federal tax of 32 percent and a combined tax of approximately 40.5 percent between 2007 and 2014.
The Clinton tax return for 2015 shows that, unlike most Americans, they make only $ 100 in their earnings.
Their main investment was a low-cost mutual index fund, from which Clinton reported income on dividends and interest of $ 109,000.
More news by Kevin Drawbaugh, editing by Jonathan Oatis
Condoms filled with chili or fireworks to protect the elephants in Tanzania
Nature conservationists in Tanzania are using an unorthodox way to prevent elephants from going to human dwellings - they are throwing condoms filled with chili powder.
This has proven successful, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which came up with ideas several years ago, together with the US environmental organization The Nature Conservancy, promotes and educates volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to protect their homes and their crop without harming animals.
Many of them earlier used a spear for their defense.
Friday is the world day of elephants dedicated to the protection of these animals.
"Since they've developed this ... set of tools, we've noticed a change in behavior in these communities, and people are much more confident they can keep elephants out of their fields without harming them," said Damian Bell, the executive director of the Honeyguide Foundation, in a statement.
The first and second steps are to shine the flashing elephant and launch the horn.
If this does not deter it, the so-called "cloud of chilli" will be discarded.
Chilli powder mixed with salt together with petard is wrapped in a condom, its end trapped to look at it only the wick.
After firing, the condom explodes and the fine chilli powder is sprayed into the air.
Usually one blow and the elephant goes in another direction.
The last option is launching the fireworks, which causes a loud, clear explosion.
Jewish director leans on Berlin hotel for removing code for calling Israel to "request" Arabs - RT News
French film director of Jewish origin sparked a stir in the media after he discovered that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin had no code for calling Israel, according to the staff on the basis of a "request" by Arabic clients.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of the documentary about the Holocaust "Shoah," ventured his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin in an open letter to the German daily FAZ.
During his recent stay, Lanzmann attempted to find Israel in the code for making calls to the hotel.
However, the state was not listed among countries where it is possible to call directly from the room.
How could it be removed and deleted in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of Germany?
Written by Lanzmann.
Hotel Kempinski Bristol offers instead a call to Israel via its own call center.
The director was looking for an explanation and turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received was "shocked" by Lanzmann.
The hotel staff replied that the measure was "decided at the discretion of Kempinski Hotels management."
The reason for this step was even more excited by the director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they have demanded that Israel's call code be erased," Lanzmann quoted his staff as saying.
According to Suddeutsche Zeitung, the Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman described the case as "a great disgrace."
We were horrified and shocked by the events.
In itself, it is a huge disgrace.
The fact that something like this happened in Germany and, moreover, in such a hotel chain is even more disgraceful.
No further explanation is needed.
We expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions, "he said.
The event has triggered a strong online reaction, people have described it as scandalous.
Some believe that the Kempinski Hotel simply "lost" in the demands of Arab customers.
"Shame you," says another paper, which points out that the hotel, located on the noble street of Kurfurstendamm, stands near the synagogue.
According to the Spiegel daily, the hotel quickly removed any charges by calling the event "oversight" and "apologizing" to Lanzman.
"There has never been a direct order" not to include Israel in the list of call codes, quotes the Suddeutsche Zeitung representative of the Kempinski hotel.
It adds that the call code has been added to the list.
Police used tear gas and rubber projectiles against Brazilian protesters
Student and police clash occurred in San Paulo, Brazil on Thursday, when students met for a demonstration against government reforms in the public education system.
The police have used tear gas and rubber projectiles against protesters.
The problem was exacerbated when government lawsuits tried to dislodge students, which ended when the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
The demonstration was attended by several hundred students in order to express their fears of the plans.
Among the suggestions of the Governor of San Paulo State, Gerald Alckmin, in order to save money is also the closure of nearly a hundred public schools and the relocation of 300,000 students.
Some of the participants in the demonstration could see how the inscriptions against Temporary President Michel Temer were being sprayed on the wall.
The latest protest comes just days after protesters went to the streets in support of the deposed President Dilma Rousseff when the Senate in the country ruled on her accusations.
Trade between Russia and Iran grew by 71% - RT Business
Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, has grown by 70.9 percent year-on-year after lifting sanctions between Moscow and Tehran.
As the Ambassador said, since international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, there has been an increase in interest from Russian companies that trade in the country.
Russian companies renew existing ties with Iran, while new companies are ready to enter the market.
Further expansion of trade is, of course, one of the main priorities of bilateral co-operation with Iran, "Dzhagaryan said.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016, trade turnover between Russia and Iran grew by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015 to $ 856 million.
In particular, Russia's export to Iran jumped 91.5 percent to $ 697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to $ 158 million.
The jump in trade has provided supplies of machinery, land vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan also expects Russia to visit a record number of tourists from Iran this year.
Last year, the Russian diplomatic mission in Iran issued approximately 35,000 visas to the citizens of Iran, mostly travel.
In addition, Iran has for the first time been among the top 20 countries according to the number of tourists arriving in Russia.
It can safely be said that the record number of tourists from Iran in Russia from last year will be overcome, "he said.
At the same time, however, Iran is attending a relatively small number of Russians, and the ambassador hopes that there will be a change.
"I can personally recommend a visit to Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where the ancient Persian civilizations are preserved in good standing," he said.
Callum Skinner is rushing home after the British have won gold in cycling
Callum Skinner of Scotland entered yesterday night in the Hall of Fame Hall of the men's sprint on the Rio Grand Prix when the VB trio defended the London 2012 title.
A 22-year-old native of Glasgow was in the role of the bracket he took for his Scottish Sir Chris Hoy, and the young man of the legend pleased when he came to the finish and stole the victory from the hands of favored New Zealand.
Britain surprisingly won four years ago, and Hoy won the fifth of six Olympic gold medals.
And the same trick was repeated after the modest sixth at the World Cycling Championship in March, although Hoy had finished his career.
The problem between Beijing and London was a substitute for Jamie Staffe, a special introductory racer.
So Hindes appeared just in time.
After Hoye's departure, the space that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill was also released.
Skinner was a British trainer and the search for potential has now been confirmed.
Kenny Hindes - who had been with Hoye champion four years ago - and Skinner achieved the Olympic qualifying record, but the jersey took over New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won gold in the team sprint.
Hindes was slightly behind his lap, but Kenny pushed forward and Skinner retained the lead.
The change of strategy was a big part of the transformation when Hindes was heading for a higher transfer to slow down, allowing Kenny and partly Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy watched his BBC commentary and when Skinner, Kenny and Hindes stepped on the podium, he did not turn their eyes.
22-year-old Skinner, a native of Glasgow, said, "It's a flattering comparison."
I am here to get the best of my own and honor my name.
We created the Olympic Final in the final and beat the best.
It was simply unbelievable.
There is no better way to win it.
After the triumph next to Kenny and Hoy in London in 2012, Hindes admitted that he deliberately dropped off the track after a weak start.
The note was later retracted and Britain's opponents had no choice to appeal.
This time around this victory no such problem has occurred.
Hindes said, "I felt like I was in London with all the British flags on the stands."
In the last three months, we've all teamed together.
We lost in many world races, so winning the Olympics is just amazing.
It is one event, one gold medal for the nation, which won seven out of ten competitions in Beijing and London.
If this is to be the indicator of progress over the past five months, then a five-day success is waiting for us on the velodrome.
With the form Kenny showed, it is unthinkable to repeat Hoy's success and win three gold medals at one Olympics at the same time.
That would be the birthday of March 23 for Kenny, who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also celebrating the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah, and Roger Bannister. This meant six gold medals and one silver medal.
Anyway, how much did Hoy get.
Kenny will take part in the sprint, which begins today and lasts three more days.
A twenty-eight-year-old native of Bolton said: "Now I enjoy this.
The team race is always the best.
You win with others.
To be honest, winning for yourself is a bit lonely.
Hindes said, "If he wins two more gold medals, he should get knighthood."
It was the only medal race of that day, but the UK was waiting for another good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified as the fastest in the four-kilometer squad.
They ended with a time of 3: 51.943.
The world record that fell in London in 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round and the final (22:42) take place on today's second day of the race, which will surely focus on Wiggins.
Yesterday before the qualifying race, he debated with the commissioners when the referees asked him to measure the height.
In a similar race of women, which continues and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie World Record reached 4: 13,260.
The VB team relied on its strong track-cycling team and dominated the middle season of the Olympic Games and won many medals.
After truly exceptional performance, showing absolute dominance in Beijing and London, the expectations for Rio were falling.
Dramatic events unfolded in the background, not least the resignation of Shane Sutton's technical director in April for allegations of sexism and discrimination and the ending of the careers of giants such as Hoy or Victoria Pendleton.
However, as demonstrated by the first night of the velodrome races, it seems that the legendary reputation that the UK team can deliver top performance with perfect timing could be confirmed again.
The uncertain future of the melting plant in Portland after the end of the power supply contract
The future of the Portland aluminum melting plant in Victoria - and the jobs of hundreds of workers - is uncertain because of a power plant that supplies power to the electricity company and has informed the intention of one of the meltowners to terminate the electricity supply contract.
This move comes after the government of the state of Victoria earlier this year decided not to extend the subsidies that the company keeps running.
A fixed 20-year subsidy expires in November.
At Alcoa Portland, up to 2,000 jobs may be at risk.
There may be up to 2,000 direct or indirect jobs at closure.
And because the melting plant consumes about 10 percent of the total electricity produced in Victoria, there may be other avalanche impacts.
Alcoa closed the Point Henry melting plant in 2014, which led to the closing of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's melting plant in Portland is loose and threatens to close it.
This move follows several years of speculation about the future of the business, originally in response to a strong Australian dollar and recently due to plant production prices.
AGL, which supplies a large aluminum rendering plant with electricity from the Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects another of the three owners to decide to terminate the deal.
The majority owner of the plant is a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, small holdings held by the Chinese company CITIC and Japanese Marubeni Corp.
"AGL expects the Portland plant to continue to operate, in other words, that the demand for electricity from the melting plant will continue," she said.
The AGL stated that the contracts were so-called "hedging contracts", which were due to enter into force in November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period so their validity will actually end in 2017.
"AGL continues to assume that the contracts will make a profit for the fiscal year 2017," the power plant said.
Any potential impact on AGL's profits since the fiscal year 2018 is further limited by the strong outlook for the commodity market for wholesale electricity prices.
The AGL said it had already written down the value of its $ 187 million book value book "in the event that the termination occurred."
Alcoa said that the decision to terminate the contract "has no impact on its ... ability to run a melting plant or secure the electricity supply to the rendering plant."
The American company said it concluded a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to enter into force this November, although it still needs to explain why it has withdrawn from the deal.
Analysts are very cautious about the possible closure of the Portland melting plant in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the weak economy in the industry.
AGL Operations Manager Stehpen Mikkelsen, who turned to analysts earlier this week, said Portland consumes about 600 megawatts of electricity each year and Tomago about 900 megawatts.
If both companies withdraw from the market, it would mean a substantial reduction in demand on the [electricity] market.
For us as a manufacturer it would not be good, "he said.
Kendall is not just the star of the Kardashian real estate TV show - now is the cover of September's Vogue
Kendall Jenner (20), model and fourth daughter of mother-manager Clan Kris Kardashian-Jenner, appeared on the front page of the September issue of the US magazine Vogue.
Kendall, Estee Lauder's ambassador, who showed off on fashion clothes in Milan, Paris and New York, announced on Thursday in her Instagram account.
"In a room full of people I love, I want to cry out looking at this front page," Kendall wrote.
Revealing the cover page followed the bizarre video (or simply a sequel to the humorous Kardashians' performance), which included the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (bar-riders Rob and Caitly, along with all of their favorite uncle in the show business, producer Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest).
It's the story line of almost every "birthday" part of a children's television show (Seacrest says, "Did you think we forgot you?" But Kris needed to make sure that the other girls could be alive on this publicity.
Because when we look at the September issue of Vogue, we are sure to have entered the new Kardashian era.
Older sister Kim may have Kendall printed on the Vogue envelope (she was with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the title of the September issue of the magazine is another league.
September edition of Vogue magazine is the best-selling number of the year.
The edition, which is more like a book for advertising purposes than a fashion magazine, attracts many advertisers (Fashionista counted 832 pages in last year's 615 pages with advertising content).
The revelation of the star that appears on the cover page is eagerly awaited, so it's no surprise that the images of the magazine have leaked before the official publication in the past two years.
Among the women who appeared on the cover in the past are Naomi Campbell, Linda Evandelista or Kate Moss.
In recent years, there have certainly been more "celebrities who make models" than "celebrity models".
Jennifer Lawrence, Oscar winner and Dior Ambassador, appeared in the title in 2013, one year later she had the honor of Lagy Gaga.
But even though Kendall - which the magazine describes as a "breakthrough model" of her generation - is unlikely to fall into the first category, she will be in a very good company.
These celebrities are not related to well-known people, not real estate show stars, or kids of today who know how to make a well-cut video (though Jenner presents all this).
They are demonstrably talented women who excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyoncé, who appeared on the title page last year, had one of the strongest years in her career thanks to the release of the Lemonade album.
Of course, not everyone is happy Jenner happy.
Her position in the fashion world will always be difficult due to her participation in the reality show.
Stephanie Seymor, the original Victoria's Secret model in June, criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid and called them "girls of the moment".
These feelings reemerge with the news that Jenner appears on the Vogue cover.
But this discontent is not right.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September Vogue.
She's a supermodel in the true sense of the word.
Performing for Mark Jacobs.
Sells you makeup by Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their own paywalls.
Sells photos of Cindy Crawford's daughter, which she shot for LOVE Magazine.
And in the free moments she performs in a reality show, perhaps only as one way to see Kourtney and her children.
Community aid centers annually refuse 160,000 people
More than 160,000 most vulnerable citizens are refused each year in community legal assistance centers and are in the sector themselves looking to the impacts that will have further cuts in funding for already overburdened services.
In Queensland, three out of five people - predominantly people of advanced age, immigrants, endangered workers, victims of violence, and people without funds to fight unfair evictions - are denials when they are looking for free legal assistance and representation.
Community law services, which are already tight to rupture, are preparing for further cuts.
From June next year, these legal aid centers will lose another 30 percent of federal funding.
James Farrell, director of community law centers in Queensland, said that according to the latest summary report of the National Association of Community Legal Aid Centers, five thousand people were rejected annually.
Mr. Farrell said that the situation would worsen without canceling the federal government's decision.
"Community Legal Aid Centers in Queensland are chronically underfunded, which means thousands of people are denied the vital services they need," he said.
People who escaped from the rapist's relationship, people with excessive and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly dismissed - all of these people have problems with the legal dimension, and this report shows that they have no chance of getting the help they need.
Since June 2017, the federal government will cut funding by 30 percent, resulting in the fact that thousands of other people at risk from Queensland will have to deal with complicated legal problems without help.
We call on the State Attorney and Senator of Queensland, George Brandis, to immediately prevent this reduction in finances, so that people get the help they need when they get into legal trouble.
In the past year, the government has been committed to funding legal aid up to the nationwide average.
Now is the time to look at the needs of community legal aid centers and the community of their clients, and Palaszczuk's government must invest in this important work.
Claim for Donald Trump's campaign after a staff member allegedly aimed at a gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign was filed for alleged inactivity after being told that the North Carolina Operations Director in February directed a gun to a crew member while driving a jeep.
The incident was described in a court case, which was handed over by Vincent Bordini, a former software training campaigner in the state, on Wednesday at the Charlotte State Court.
Bordini said he had been waiting months for the situation to be resolved internally before he came to the conclusion that "it will not happen."
Director Earl Phillip "fingered his pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger and aimed the barrel on Vincent's bowl," Bordini said in the lawsuit.
The file states that Bordini, following a complaint at the local and regional campaign management, found that at least four other people had experienced the same with Phillip.
"Weapons do not have to fire to cause damage," Bordini said in the lawsuit.
The lawsuit comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate raised the allegations when the North Carolina voters said they could attack gun owners and holders (which is regulated in the US's second amendment to the Constitution) if his opponent, Hillary Clinton, is elected and will be able to appoint his judges.
Trump's campaign says the media has pulled his words out of context and Trump did not defend violence.
In the lawsuit, Bordini asks the Campaign for compensation for negligent oversight, and for Phillipe's threat to personal security, the illegal use of violence and the loss of emotional harm.
Trump's spokeswoman Hope Hicks did not respond immediately to the comment request.
Attempts to get a statement from Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news agency in Charlotte, announced that Phillip recently left the campaign.
Calling his consulting consulting company Innovative Consulting Services no one responded in a short time.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump leads a controversial pre-election campaign.
Case of Bordini versus Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division of Mecklenburg (Charlotta).
Britain must spread the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also be a source of recovery and prosperity not only for our local communities and across London, but across the country.
For me, Heathrow is enormously attractive, just like London 2012, when we have made extraordinary efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions can benefit from the Olympics.
The Olympic games have brought tremendous benefits to both Startford and East End.
And we'll do it again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses near Heathrow.
Only for our local communities will we create 10,000 new jobs, 40,000 new jobs, and we will end the unemployment of young people around the airport.
Just as before the London Olympics in 2012, there will be some who will think Heathrow is too big.
I was told that Britain would never be ready for the Olympic Games and that we were ridiculed on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and even in the case of Heathrow it turns out they were not right.
It will always be necessary to overcome obstacles, but Heathrow can answer every question that concerns him.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is a infrastructure project involving many people and businesses, not just a few.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create 180,000 new jobs, an economic growth of £ 211bn, to leave skills and jobs inheritance both around the airport and across the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has put in place a £ 11 billion infrastructure investment program on schedule and with a set budget, starting with the T5 terminal - which has been elected the world's best terminal five consecutive years - after the T2 terminal, built between the two busiest runways in the world.
Now they are ready to deliver a third runway worth £ 16bn of private investment.
Games in London in 2012 were a huge success for the UK, and I believe that the Heathrow expansion will be so.
It is time to further expand the spirit of the Olympic Games and broaden Heathrow, secure trading for the future and leave the legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is Chairman of the Board of Directors and former Deputy Minister for Finance of the Ministry of Finance.
Adblock Plus - Facebook in the game of cat and mouse in ad blocking
Attempts to overcome ad blocking programs have made cat and mouse a game for online marketing companies, according to one of the companies that program such software.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would block ad filters on its desktop site, Adblock Plus posted a post on its site stating that users can update their filters on their program and re-block ads on that social network.
Facebook on Tuesday said its desktop website would change the encoding around the ads so it would be more difficult for ad filters to find out which parts of the site are advertising.
But Adblock now claims that the new codes have already passed.
AdBlock spokesman Ben Williams wrote in a blog post that "this kind of war between the open source community of ads and those trying to get around is taking place since ad blocking was invented," and that Facebook is likely to come up with another custom fix.
The fact that the largest social networking company in the world is involved in the war just demonstrates how big a problem of ad blocking for industry has happened.
According to the study, Pagefair conducted Adobe last year, and Adobe has used advertising filters around the world for around 200 million people - nearly four times higher than in 2013.
Mobile advertising now reaches 84 percent of profits from Facebook advertising, Facebook's Facebook mobile device visits 1.03 billion active users every day.
The spokesman said the company is opposed to desktop advertising filters, as mobile ads for mobile social networking applications and Instagram do not work.
Desktop ads still represent a profit high enough for Facebook to invest in it.
Facebook also said on Tuesday it would update the ad preferences tool to give people more control over how their ads are displayed.
Facebook said on Thursday that the new Adblock filters are worrying because they might also block content on the site that is not related to the ad.
"It's not a nice experience for people, and we want to solve this problem," said a Facebook spokesman in an e-mail statement.
Ad blocking is an insensitive tool, so we've focused on building tools such as Ad Preferences to control people.
The woman hit the Swiss highway car
The victim lay on the highway in the middle of the night.
The police are looking for witnesses to an event on Thursday morning, when a woman who has probably attempted suicide has been driven by several cars on the highway.
The accident occurred on the A1 motorway near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight on Thursdays.
The Vaud police said in a statement that the actress of a "desperate act" was lying in the dark on the road and passing through several cars.
It is clear that the victim, a woman at the age of 49, wanted to kill her and hit her with several cars, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Several drivers have already been heard, but the police still have not been identified. Police call on these drivers and everyone else who has witnessed an accident to sign up.
Criminal Investigations have been opened, a "logical" step in a situation like this, said lawyer Gilles Hofstetter for Le Tribune de Geneve.
It is still necessary to find out if any of the drivers involved will face any allegations.
Could the impact be prevented?
This is what the prosecutor must find out, "Hofstetter said.
Based on two similar cases from the past five years, it appears that drivers will not be held accountable.
In both cases - of which one was a motorway - it was decided that motorists could not expect a pedestrian who crossed the highway in the middle of the night, as the newspapers said.
Last year, police officers were freed from accusations of negligent killing after a night in August 2014 had killed and killed a man lying on the A1 motorway near Paynerne.
The court heard that the victim had drunk alcohol at the age of 22 and fainted on the road.
The court found that the police officers - who responded to the emergency call - were in a reasonable way and that the presence of a man on the road was "a very exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone with information on Thursday's incident at Morges should contact the police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Tolerant city.
Prague is a popular destination for the LGBT community.
The Association of Czech Travel Agencies and Agencies (AČCKA) expects to attract up to 20,000 visitors to Prague Pride to Prague.
On Friday, AČCKA Executive Director Kateřina Petříčková announced it.
The 6th Prague Pride began on 8 August, bringing the life of lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender (LGBT) to life.
About 35,000 people attended the event last year.
"Prague is one of the most popular LGBT community destinations for a high degree of tolerance and a wide range of specialized businesses," said Petříčková.
According to the survey of the organizers, foreign visitors spend an average of CZK 3100 per person per day on average.
Gay tourists are provided with special maps of Prague with a complete list of Prague gay and gay-friendly bars, clubs, cafes and restaurants in the form of mobile applications, etc.
"For tourism in general, LGBT clients are very lucrative, they are interested in stays in higher prices with a high standard of travel services and spend more than others," Petříčková said.
The first Pride Tourism Symposium is held this year as part of the festival program.
Lecturers are LGBT tourism professionals from Europe, USA and China.
The festival continues until Sunday 14 August.
The theme of this year's theme is love, but it will also focus on several thematic areas, such as family, AIDS prevention and transgender issues.
The highlight of the festival will be a traditional parade with allegorical cars on Saturday, which will take you from Wenceslas Square to Letna.
The parade, which has been attended by thousands of people in recent years, this year will honor the minute's silence of the victims of a June nightclub attack in Orlando, where the attacker shot 49 people, mostly gay.
Pat and Mat celebrated forty years.
The indescribable DIY Pat and Mat, whose quest ends with a disaster, have been enjoying young and old audiences for forty years.
The pilot part of this comedy series by director Lubomír Beneš premiered on August 12, 1976.
The cartoon jokes of the artist and director Lubomír Beneš, which he invented for the two-man magazine with guys Ouholíček and Sedlec, were the cartoons of the animated series now known to the audience in more than 100 countries.
Benes then invited the dramaturgist Jiří Kubíček and the artist Vladimír Jiránek to work together and to create the film Kuťáci.
Today's appearance with yellow and red trick and ball and radios were taken by figures in 1979, when a series for Slovak Television was set up in Short Film Prague.
The names Pat and Mat did get the doctors in 1985, this time it was filmed directly for Short Film Prague.
In 1990, Lubomir Beneš founded his own studio of animated film AIF Studio in Prague and Zurich where other works were created.
After his death in 1995, other works continued with other creators, many of whom contributed Benes son Marek.
There are now over ninety episodes of stories about these do-it-you-do-it-yourself-but they never get angry with each other and are always filled with optimism, ideas and DIY enthusiasm, and they are happy with their work, which is documented by the famous gesture "... and it is!"
Pat and Mat have even moved from TV screens to books, DVDs and theaters, and figures or other toys depicting Pat and Mata are the hits of every toy shop.
Fairy tale for the Fiji and the two-year Harmony.
The end of the week is a fairy tale, we have chosen one sporting and one of life for you.
Both have a good end.
So let's look.
Fiji has achieved historical success.
What is the reason for the joy of the whole country?
Two-year-old British girl has an identical friend and is happy with her.
And what are the things people spend most at airports?
This is a Friday overview of the world's sites.
The first medals from the Olympic Games.
Historically, the island state of Fiji celebrates its historic success.
Ragby's selection of this archipelago defeated the Great Britain team in the final of the Olympic tournament of the Sega Rugby.
It is the first medal ever won by Fiji in the Olympics.
Waiting for the first precious metal's profit lasted sixty years after the first Olympic Games expedition.
The coach of Fiji carries great credit for success.
But it is ironic that he is Brit Ben Ryan.
The team has been running since 2013 and after the final as a British citizen, he could be satisfied with his compatriots.
"Let's play freely and lightly and see if the biggest match in our history can handle," said the coach before the final.
Fiji eventually overwhelmed it and a small state with 900,000 inhabitants is now experiencing an Olympic fairy tale.
The news came from the French daily Le Monde.
A new girlfriend and happiness for a little girl.
2-year-old Harmony-Rose, Ivy Allen, who has lived without hands for 11 months and has a new friend with her legs.
A doll that looks like her.
"Mom, she's like me," she said, enjoying a two-year-old girl, as her mother told ABC News.
She added that her daughter likes the doll to take off her hands and legs and then sit together without a prosthesis.
Harmony was diagnosed with type B meningitis in less than a year of life, giving doctors only a ten percent chance of survival.
There is nothing I do not love about her.
She is beautiful, smart, funny and never gives up.
He's got a look.
I saw her present to other children with words Hi, I'm Harmony and I have no hands, my mother said.
Check out the joy of the doll.
How much do we spend at the airport?
CNN brings a finding that people spend most on bottled water at airports.
The Hudson's travel eshop store chain has released data for the past year, summing up the 10 products that customers buy at its airport stores most often.
The water was the first.
Drinks were generally very popular, with the top ten being eight.
Ninth place occupied a large pack of M & M candies with coconut flavors.
And can you guess who closes the top ten?
Only one of the things mentioned above can not be eaten.
According to CNN, it's the Wall Street Journal.
Other popular newspapers sold at airports include: New York Post, The New York Times USA Today.
Among the magazines are US Weekly, In Touch and The Economist.
Rowling sovereigns.
We're just going to win, Murray and Bond laughed.
Vespers Eric Murray and Hamish Bond of New Zealand have sovereignly reigned the seven-man-free category for seven years and have confirmed their dominance at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At first glance, the unmarried couple passed to the smaller crew after the Olympics in Beijing and since 2009 crushed the competition.
On Rodrigo de Freitas's Lagoon, they scored the 69th win in the Thursday finals.
What are we different from others?
We are simply nicer, Murray joked during the Olympic Regatta when he was to answer questions about the domination of the New Zealand couple.
Honestly, we are not doing anything different from the others.
We just train hard, very hard.
And we are constantly trying to improve our technique, that's our philosophy, Murray said more seriously.
Their domination is remarkable also because they are physically different.
Murray is almost a two-meter long and a hundred-pound gallop, the academically looking Bond is five centimeters smaller and 15 kilos lighter.
They are also of a different nature.
Bond studies and finances, Murray has a charity boxing match behind him.
That's why they do not spend a lot of time out of rowing.
Eric enters the ship basically with the fact that we can not lose.
We're just going to win.
I have a tendency to think about what may go wrong, admitted Bond, who also demonstrated at the press conference that Murray's dominant crew.
He was always the first to answer and Bond waited for his opportunity.
On the water, however, he destroys his opponents with a quiet force.
They keep their pace, and although they are not in the middle of the track, they have not found a recipe for their gradual acceleration.
We race on a two-kilometer track and we never wanted to go the first kilometer anyway.
We just try to drive a pace that no one else can do.
We know what we need to do to win, "said Murray, thirty-four.
With his four year younger partner he won seven gold medals at the World Championships.
Triumphant in 2007, when they were both members of the golden four without a helmsman.
Just after the unexpected failure of the bigger crew at the Beijing Olympics a year later, they decided to move to two without a helmsman.
At the Olympics in London, the biggest defeat of their career was apparently weakened and the dominance confirmed in Rio.
London was very intense.
We did everything the coach told us and did not ask anything.
This was a bit more fun this time.
We knew it would be damn hard, and we had to make sure we were mentally well, Murray said.
We know that all of us want to overthrow the throne.
We have the target on our backs all the time.
But we are trying to be half a step ahead of all, he added.
NASA Climate Model: Venus was once habitable
According to projections of the new NASA climate model, Venus was once habitable.
Scientists at Godsard's NASA Space Studies Institute have developed a model for exploring Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine if once Venus, whose surface is hot, free of water and saturated CO2, could have conditions similar to those on Earth.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus's low rotation speed can be explained by its dense atmosphere.
However, according to the latest simulations, Venus once seemed to be proud of a thin earth-like atmosphere, while slowly turning.
The model also dealt with the earlier topography of Venus.
The area was likely to be drier than on Earth, but once there was enough water and geographic diversity to rule its life and provide protection against rapid evaporation.
Venus earlier used the Sun, which was 30 percent more subdued.
"In the simulation of the GISS Venus model, during a slow rotation, he puts his day side to the sun for almost two months at a time," GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a new report.
This results in surface heating and rain formation, creating a dense cloud of clouds that behave as an umbrella and protect the surface from excessive solar heat.
The result is a climate with average temperatures that are actually slightly lower than they are currently on Earth.
The model compiled the story of Venus, similar to evolution previously hypothetically composed by planetary scientists.
Although Venus was probably habitable in the past - over several billion years - it was exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Its oceans evaporated and water vapors were burned with ultraviolet light.
Hydrogen has escaped, leaving only a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with the lethal effect of greenhouse gas - that's Venus, as we know it today.
Researchers have published their results from the new climatic model of Venus in Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy retired as Colorado Avalanche coach
Patrick Roy resigned on Thursday for his coaching and vice president of Colorado Avalanche hockey operations as a reason for not making it possible to take part in the decision-making process on team issues.
The senior vice president / general manager, Colorado Joe Sakic, confirmed the move and said the club would start looking for a new coach right away.
"For the last three years, I have been the head coach and vice president of ice-hockey operations for Colorado Avalanche, with energy, passion and determination," said Roy, 50, in a statement.
I have been thinking over and over again over the summer how I can improve it, give it the depth it needs and get it to a higher level.
To achieve this, it is necessary that the vision of the coach and vice president of ice hockey operations be in line with the organization's vision.
They must also be able to take part in decisions that affect the performance of the team.
These conditions are currently not met.
Sakic, who received Roye on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his team's benefits.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," Sakic said.
We value everything he has done for our organization and wish him good luck in the future.
Roy was nominated to win Jack Adams as the best coach of the league during his first season with Avalanche 2013/2014.
He led the team to gain 112 points and the first place in the Central Division, but Colorado was struggling with Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and over the last two years he has never played for the season.
The Avalanche team scored a 39: 39: 4 score in the 2015/2016 season and missed five points to win the second wild card in the Western Conference.
Goalkeeper Roy, who enrolled in the Hall of Fame, won the Stanley Cup four times - twice with the Montreal Canadiens and twice with the Avalanche.
Workers on the North Sea oil rig renew the talks and interrupt the strike
The senior officials of the negotiating parties stated that the strikes due to wages for North Sea oil workers are interrupted while all parties to the dispute have come to a new round of negotiations.
The strikes against the Wood Group Oil Field Service sporadically occurred on the North Sea platforms operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"The Wood Group and trade unions Unite and RMT can confirm that they have agreed to resume the process of addressing current disagreements," the statement said.
Beginning next week, we will have a series of day-long meetings over the next few weeks where we try to look at the issues from new angles.
According to trade unions, their recent action, which was their first in more than 25 years, to protest wage cuts by up to 30 percent.
Wood Group cut rates this year and paid off to its suppliers in the North Sea about 9 percent less due to negative market pressure.
Company cuts come after a 10% cut for coastal companies in 2014.
The company claims that further cuts would allow companies to cope with the market slump.
On the other hand, Shell has thrown thousands of people out of their payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries to modernize their processes - immediately after the mega merger with the British energy group BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to low oil prices, the economic situation associated with Britain's June decision to leave the European Union.
Scottish Parliament member Dave Anderson met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disagreements of the entire generation that led to a strike in the North Sea.
The North Sea, he said, is vitally important for the economy in the region.
"We need an economy in the North Sea and across the country that works for everyone, not just for some," he said.
By comparison, nearly $ 1.4 billion in investments in new North Sea projects are expected in 2016, while the average over the past five years has been around $ 7 billion.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of the stars in Pleiades
The latest mission of Kepler Space Telescope to help astronomers is to obtain an almost complete list of spin speeds from the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
New data helps astronomers understand why star clusters are spinning at different speeds, and how rotational time is related to the formation of the planet.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other clusters we will learn more about the relationship between starfish, its age and even history in its solar system," Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a new report.
The Pleiades cluster is located 445 light years from Earth.
Many stars in the cluster now reach adulthood and have grown over 125 million years.
Now it rotates fastest.
At moments of maximum spin speeds, these teen stars release huge amounts of star wind.
Because these winds move along the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a slowing effect on them.
Along with how the star gets older, it slows down its spin speed.
Kepler measures the rotation speed of each star so that it measures the time between the discovery of recognizable points on sun-like stars.
According to the latest spin speed data, larger stars rotate more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compares stars to dancers, bigger pirates make slower than smaller ones.
"In the Pleiades ballet, we can see that slower spinning stars are more massive, while the ones that rotate the fastest are usually very light stars," Rebull said.
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare star quality and spin speeds.
"The Pleiades provide us with anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, both younger and older stars," Rebull said.
There is still a lot to learn about how, when, and why the stars slow down their spin speed and say "hang their dance shoes on a clove".
Rebull and her colleagues described in detail the latest Pleiades spin speed analysis in three studies that will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Is the Qualification Agreement Necessary?
If I did not, then the qualifying agreement would not be concluded and after several months I could go to another hospital?
Is it even possible to work without having to enroll in specialized training?
I am concerned that the field I would like to work for now is now a vacant post only in a somewhat farther hospital, but in about half a year I could relax in another where I would like to work.
So I do not know how to deal with the situation for about half a year, the question continues.
Responsible for Lenka Vlková.
No legislation prescribes the obligation to conclude a qualifying agreement with the employer - the hospital.
The Qualification Agreement is a legal institute governed by the Labor Code and can be concluded between the employee and the employer to ensure the return of the costs incurred in increasing or deepening employee qualifications.
In the field of health care, long-term pressure is being put on non-closure of these agreements with a view to ensuring labor mobility for health workers, and not all hospitals currently require this agreement.
According to Act No. 95/2004 Coll., On the conditions for acquiring and recognizing professional competence and specialized competence for the medical profession of a doctor, dentist and pharmacist, it is expressly stated that participation in the specialization education is considered as a deepening of qualification (not for its increase).
This means that the Qualification Agreement can only be concluded under the Labor Code if the costs are at least CZK 75,000.
Nor does the law provide for the obligation to apply for specialized training.
The law only sets out the conditions for applying for inclusion in the field of specialized education.
However, the doctor is legally entitled to practice as a physician by completing the necessary university studies, even under statutory conditions (under the supervision of a physician with specialized competence in the relevant field).
The Act foresees a situation in which professional practice acquired in another field of specialization may be included in specialist training if its content and scope correspond to the relevant educational program.
Theoretically, it would be possible to count the time worked elsewhere, which would correspond to the interviewer's situation.
However, given the fact that I do not know the more detailed circumstances of this case, it is advisable to consult with the relevant department of the Ministry of Health (Department of Science and Medical Occupations) as the Ministry of Health provides by law a counseling and consultation service related to the specialization education and its course.
The advisory service is also provided free of charge by the Czech Medical Chamber, to which each doctor must belong.
Doctors from Syrian Halab are asking for US intervention.
The United States has not made any effort to end the siege (the rebellious part of the city by government troops), and has not used its influence to promote civil protection, the AFP said in a letter to the White House.
"We do not need tears, compassion, and even prayers, but we desperately need to create a no-fly zone over the eastern Halab to stop the attacks, and we need an international action to ensure that Halab is not re-encircled," the doctors said.
Russian forces that support the army faithful to President Bashar Asad have announced that they will stop every day for three hours every day in the Halab area to allow for safe passage through humanitarian convoys.
From 9:00 to 12:00 CEST, all military activities, air strikes and artillery fire should be stopped.
NATO chief humanitarian operations Stephen O'Brien welcomed it, but stressed that a two-day ceasefire was needed.
According to AFP, according to AFP, 15 out of 35 doctors who are operating in the eastern part of Halab are already under the control of the rebels.
They say during the five-year war they witnessed the violent, cruel deaths of countless patients, friends and colleagues.
The world is watching and observing how complex Syria it is, but it does little to protect us.
Recent offerings of evacuation from the Syrian regime and Russia are just slightly hideous threats, said pediatricians, surgeons and other doctors.
Doctors said that over the past month, 42 attacks on medical facilities in Syria were reported, including 15 hospitals in which they work.
The most sad is that we have to decide who will live and who will die.
Small children with such serious injuries come to our emergency room, so we have to choose among them the ones who are most likely to survive.
And sometimes we do not have the material to help them, the doctors said.
Two newborns drowned two weeks ago when the explosion interrupted the supply of oxygen to their incubators.
They were breathing, and then their lives ended - before they could really start, they remembered.
The army, faithful to President Bashar Asad, supported by Russian forces, surrounded the insurgent-dominated eastern part of Halab in recent weeks, with over 200,000 people out of the reach of food.
Rebels, who are under constant strikes by the Russian and Syrian Air Forces, managed to break through the encroachment on Saturday after three weeks and launch a counter-offensive.
Both sides then strengthened the city and its surroundings.
