-Chef found dead in store in San Francisco
The-chef, who had recently moveded to San Francisco, was the local business stairs this week.
But the victim's brother says that he does not know who would harm him, and adds, "At last he began to prosper."
The body found in the Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as the-population of San Francisco by Frank Galicia, said the office of the medical Examiner.
The San Police Department said it was a violent death and investigations were underway.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, for ABC KGO in San Francisco, said that Frank, who was formerly a serial chef in Boston, won his dream work of a chef in the Sons & daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokesman for the restaurant Sons & Daughters said that his death was "shocked and destroyed."
"We have a small team that works as a closely connected family. We'll miss you too much," said the spokesman.
In this difficult time, our thoughts and sorrows belong to Frank's family and friends.
Louis Galicia said that Frank had first přespával in hostels, but that he had recently "finally begun to prosper."
"You found a flat, he went with a girl," said Louis Galicia for KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he could not think of him who would want to harm his younger brother.
He had a kind soul and a great heart.
When he wanted to contact his family, he always made food, made us dinner, "said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to take part in any quarrels.
He was a brother who took things as they were.
"Even if everything else in the world was wrong, he was an ungrinded diamond that illuminated every day", he said.
If you have any information, call SFPD at: 415-575-4444.
Czech Railways invested more than 31 billion in the modernisation of vehicles.
They have air conditioning and new toilets.
In the last six years, the state carrier has invested more than CZK 31 billion in the modernisation of vehicles.
A third of the cars are currently equipped with air conditioning, about half of the trains have a new system of closed WC.
However, the amounts for modernisation in individual years, with the exception of 2012, are gradually declining.
Czech railways in the last six years have invested more than CZK 31 billion in the modernisation of vehicles.
A third of the cars are currently equipped with air conditioning, about half of the trains have a new system of closed WC.
The money spent was reduced by two years of average age for locomotives and stand-alone units and six years for classic cars.
A larger share of the investment was given by the carrier to regional transport, where roughly 60 percent of the said money was directed, 40 percent then the company invested in the renewal of long-haul vehicles.
The average age of locomotives and units currently reaches 19 years.
However, modernised older vehicles are counted as completely new in this indicator.
If the modernisation of vehicles would not be counted, the average age of the drivers of čd vehicles would increase by ten years.
Slightly older are on average passenger cars, whose average age when setting off the modernisation is 23 years.
If only the age from the date of manufacture would be taken into account, the average age of these vehicles would be 33.4 years.
However, conventional trains consisting of wagons and towed locomotives have been gradually disappearing from the Czech and global railways in recent years and are being replaced by motor or electric units.
Between 2011 and 2015, locomotives decreased from 280 to 223, likewise the number of classic cars from 2716 in 2011 to 2132 in the middle of this year fell.
The carrier has disposed of especially the old vehicles equipped with imitation seats and doors without the possibility of blocking the opening while driving.
From January to July, the carrier allowed to Scrapp 110 of these cars.
For example, from investments planned by ČD in the near future, the purchase of 50 wagons for a speed of up to 200 kilometers per hour, which the carrier plans to deploy on the international Route Prague-Bratislava-Budapest, or a framework contract for the purchase of electric units for the domestic express line.
The contract foresees the consumption of up to 30 units of motor and 20 units of electrical units.
The authorities in the quarter know about illegal advertising, they cannot get rid of it.
We are utterly helpless, admitting.
For a quarter of the year's editorial online journal Aktuálně.cz follows the story of Billboard in South Bohemia, which now attracts motorists to visit Lipno, where is not only a touristic interesting walk in the treetops, but also the Olympic Park.
Highway managers know that they're standing there undeclared, but they say they can 't do anything.
Similar ads are hundreds, maybe thousands, across the country.
According to officials, it is a weak law to blame for which illegal mobile billboards cannot be removed right away.
A complicated bureaucratic wheel is needed.
Meanwhile, the company changes its name and the office is short.
Or just move the ad a few yards away and the official process has to start over.
The Roads and Highways Directorate had confessed a quarter ago: The main turn from České Budějovice to Lipno stands on our land on the national road advertising Billboard black.
But for three months, officials were not enough to get rid of the unauthorised portable structure with a giant advertising poster.
As if they didn 't mind that they were standing close to the roadway, in the Padesátimetrovém protection zone, where nothing could happen for safety.
Road managers argue that they cannot easily cope with the billboard because of a leaked law.
Maybe load it and take it away.
"We must not just afford it," says the spokesman for the Directorate of Road and Highway Nina Renal and refers to a complicated bureaucratic wheel that the removal of the billboard must be preceded by the law.
The case of this particular billboard, whose fate began the online diary of Aktuálně.cz in detail in the spring, is not unique and points to a general problem that cannot be solved effectively and quickly by the state and authorities.
In South Bohemia only, the editors counted dozens of similar mobile ads placed against the rules just next to or near the roadway.
Likewise, there are other regions.
"We have trouble forcing the company to remove the billboards," confirms the head of the Transport Department of Budějovice Regional Office Jiří Klása, whose colleagues have similar stories to address.
According to Klásy is to blame the leaky law that the clerks bind.
First, the owner of the billboard must reach out to give the advertisement away.
But the company's bosses are often nedostižní or familiar with the trick that the Aktuálně.cz has already described in the past when it became more interesting about the issue: simply move the mobile stand with your ad a few yards away, and officials can throw a previous call to remove black ads into the trash.
This is because the office has to pinpoint exactly where the illegal billboard stands.
"If someone moves it and the coordinates suddenly disagree, it looks like a new device and we have to reach the owner again," explains Jiří Klása.
The New Testament will not help.
The change could have brought a new Testament that will ban billboards on motorways from September next year, and also limit them to the roads of Class I.
Critics point out that the rules for combating illegal and easily portable ads will remain the same as before.
And the authorities are so neuleví.
Companies can continue to earn tens to hundreds of millions of crowns per year on leases of illegal areas, and no one can.
For example, a billboard attracting to Lipno belongs to the company Commerz Billboard.
The clerks know her well: the České municipality is currently running three administrative procedures for the undeclared billboards.
The company threatens to Třísettisícová a fine in every management.
These are multiple ads that were placed in the I class Road protection zone without permission.
The proceedings are not yet completed, says Jaroslav Mraz, head of the Transport Department Budějovice the magistrate.
The ad Aktuálně.cz interested in is not yet included in these cases, but it will be most likely to come to them soon.
According to the spokesman Rmd Nina, the kidney company did not respond to repeated written calls for removal, and the case would be on the table regional and then probably magistrátním officials.
The company Commerz billboard belongs to those suspect companies that are unable to contact.
He does not accept mail and the official seat in Žižkov was cancelled more than six years ago.
It is not even clear who is behind it.
In the past, the post office went to the South Bohemian entrepreneur Anton Fischer, who was renowned for the sharp controversy with the head of the Czech representation of Hyundai brand.
Fischer, whose company the euro billboard has rented billboards from Comerz and offers them to advertisers, has, however, declined any connection in the past.
This spring, when RMD started at the behest of Aktuálně.cz interested in advertising at Lipno, Fischer's state officials had to send a letter to the mysterious company Commerz Billboard to their pension, where the allegedly newly residing company.
None of this address has ever been answered by the motorway managers.
A futile struggle.
Similar silence or opaque changes to settlements are not uncommon.
A few years ago, we gave one company fines for two million crowns.
But it changed the name and IDN and there was nothing to deal with.
The executor's case returned, the ads were standing on, maybe in other places.
We are quite helpless against similar companies and their business practices.
It's like fighting windmills, it admits the condition of maintaining the anonymity of one of the officials.
The amendment to the law is not yet addressed in this respect.
Aktuálně.cz spoke with several MEPs, who took the problem.
However, they have not yet developed any activity.
On the contrary, there were MEPs who wanted to prolong the term for the preservation of billboards on major Czech roads.
The government rejected it.
Billboards are not only for national, but also regional and municipal policies very sensitive and somewhat schizophrenic theme.
On the one hand, they know about societal demand after their restrictions, on the other hand they need them for advertising in campaign campaigns.
I do not take the relatively established impression that when something does not work, you need to change the laws.
Farmers reap less corn this year, but more rape and poppy, they estimate statistics.
According to estimates by the Czech Statistical Office, the cereal harvest will be 6.7 percent lower this year than last year.
Yet this year's crop surpasses the average over the last five and ten years.
In contrast, the harvest of rape (by 3.9 percent) and poppy (2.5 percent) will be higher.
The cereal harvest will be 6.7 percent lower this year than last year.
Farmers reaped 7.2 million tons of grain.
This results from an estimate which was published by the Czech Statistical Office according to the status of July 15th.
The initial estimate a month ago was pessimistic and assumed a decimal drop against last.
The last harvest of cereals was above average.
This year's crop surpasses the average over the last five and ten years.
On the contrary, the higher this year will be the harvest of rape and poppy.
Rapeseed growers reaped 3.9 percent more than a year ago, when they got under the roof 1.256 million tons.
This year's poppy crop could be 2.5 percent higher than last.
The expected decline in cereal production is due to both a reduction in yields of yield of 3.7 percent to 5.71 tonnes per hectare and a decrease in the crop area.
Farmers this year the donkey's three percent fewer fields.
The wheat winter, which is the most important cereal for the Czech Republic, is estimated to reap 3.3 percent less this year.
The farmers vyselied it on more fields.
However, a lower hectare yield will be signed on the decline, which falls to 6.04 tonnes.
Roughly one-fifth of the decline in statistics is anticipated for spring barley, which is most often used for brewing.
The reduction in the crop costs a reduction of sowing areas by 15.2 percent, but also a lower yields per hectare.
On the contrary, barley winter urodí by 6.3 percent more.
The harvest of rye will also increase.
The crop of rapeseed statistics is estimated at 1.305 million tons, which is against last more.
The crop areas widened by 7.3 percent.
But the yield per hectare will be 3.2 percent lower than last year.
This year's rape crop surpasses the year average by 13.3 percent, with a one-third larger area than it was ten years ago.
In the last four years, there are also fields with Poppy.
This year farmers Vyseli on 35.543 hectares.
In the year 2008, when the poppy in the Czech Republic was cultivated on a record 70 000 hectares, the fields are half.
With the expansion of the sowing areas, this year's poppy harvest will be richer.
It rises against last by 2.5 percent to 27 423 tonnes.
But the yield per hectare will be 6.1 percent lower.
Olomouc policemen accused two men of attacking with a knife and machete, the court sent them to custody.
Police accused two strikers who attacked a knife and machete pětatřicetiletého man on Tuesday in the centre of Olomouc.
"Even though he tried to escape, he cuttinged and cutting wounds that required treatment in hospital and other treatments," said the police spokesman Marie Štrbáková.
The two obvious perpetrators arrested policemen immediately after the attack.
The plaintiff filed a court proposal for their custody and the court complied with it on Friday.
Both men are at risk for three to ten years of jail.
Police officers accused two detainees of assaulting the pětatřicetiletého man in the centre of Olomouc with a knife and machete.
The attackers caused him combat and cutting wounds, the man ended up in the hospital.
The attack was preceded by an incident between two groups of people, who became the right noon in the Freedom class on Tuesday, said the police.
The offenders ended up in custody, informed Olomouc police spokesman Marie Štrbáková.
The collective skirmish between the two families took place in the area of the garden in front of the bar trattoria in the immediate vicinity of the centre of Olomouc.
After an aggressive verbal dispute, two invaders attacked the knife and machete the pětatřicetiletého man.
Although the assaulted man tried to escape, he cutting and cutting wounds, which necessitated treatment in hospital and other treatments, said the police spokesman.
At the stick, which aroused great attention in the city centre and for which several police patrols and constables had to intervene on the spot, it was a family feud.
Detectives čtyřiatřicetiletého men from Slovakia and sedmatřicetiletého men from Olomouc accused of attempting grievous bodily harm and disorderly.
The plaintiff filed a court proposal for their custody, and the court passed it on Friday, the speaker added.
Machete used in the centre of Olomouc at the mass fight attackers also five years ago, it happened then only a few tens of meters further, before the disco Varna in Rieger Street.
Police officers then said that a group of roughly ten aliens with weapons attacked the guests of the company who stood in front of the entrance.
According to the police, they had knives, sticks and machetes in their hands.
The court then punished the two attacking aliens with a contingent punishment.
Abandoned and empty houses in the center of Prague.
You'll be surprised, maybe you're walking around them daily.
One of the most examples of the unused and empty house is the sprawling building of the former IPB residence in the midst of Senovážného square.
She had a long time to work as a hotel.
But still nothing.
The need to build new and new apartments and offices in the metropolis?
And what to use existing, often architecturally valuable and protected?
Right in the centre of Prague in the immediate vicinity of Wenceslas Square there are several apartment buildings, which, despite their location, size and often even monumental protection, only a desolate and zejí emptiness.
We selected real estate in the centre using the project Prázdnédomy.cz, which maps long-term empty properties in the Czech Republic.
Houses are usually victims of the financial problems of their owners, opaque relationships between firms, or belong to a state that cannot or does not want to deprive them.
Empty houses are more than homeless in the Czech Republic.
Whether the owners pay special tax, the initiative
There was almost a shot of Fidel Castro, and Hitler brother lived there.
The writers showed a different little side.
Shopping apocalypse.
Business centers in the US zejí emptiness.
For a walk through Prague unknown.
Karlín was a luxury suburb.
The zoning plan is reminiscent of Manhattan's New York, says the architect.
The husbands of Clinton earned $10.6 million last year.
Trump refuses to publish its tax return.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, former Bill Clinton last year earned $10.6 million.
More than a million dollars were donated to Clinton for charity.
Most of the Clinton income — over six million dollars — is behind their speeches.
Trump refusing to publish its tax return.
The U.S. Democrats ' candidate for presidential office Hillary Clinton published her tax statements on Friday, raising pressure on his Republican rival Donald Trump to do the same.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, former Bill Clinton last year earned $10.6 million, announced the agency's AP.
Most of the Clinton income — over six million dollars — is behind their speeches, mainly from the period before April 2015, when Clinton launched his campaign before the election.
The tax report showed that the spouses had paid a federal income tax of 34.2 percent last year, and a tax on income at national and local level of nine percent.
In total, they paid 43.2 percent of income to taxes.
But Trump has a similar problem, so far, the publication of the tax return dared.
There is a certain possibility that Donald Trump pays no taxes at all, Clinton wrote on Twitter a few minutes after the publication of his confession.
Clinton has repeatedly returned to the secrecy surrounding Trump's incomes, and, inter alia, to give doubts as to whether her opponent is truly as rich as he claims, said AP.
Trumpovo fortune is estimated to be billions of dollars.
Lower earnings would damage the reputation of a Republican candidate as a successful entrepreneur.
Senator Tim Cain, who in tandem with the former first lady, stands for Vice president, today published a report on his tax levies over the past ten years.
Together with his wife Anne Holtonovou they gave 7.5 percent of their earnings to charity and in taxes last year they did 25.6 percent of earnings.
In Nigeria, polio has erupted again.
The Islamists of Boko Haram defended the rigorous vaccinations and the doctors killed.
Cases of polio have reappeared in Nigeria.
In the northeast of the country, the government declared an emergency vaccination, as two children infected with this disease ochrnuly.
The vaccines brought the helicopters there.
In the affected area, Islamist terrorists from Boko Haram, who defended the vaccinations and even killed the doctors.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO) there virus undetected cycled.
In northeast Nigeria will start an emergency vaccination of polio children because there ochrnuly two children infected by this disease.
In Africa, polio was last diagnosed two years ago in Somalia.
The Nigerian government announced that a million children and another four million in the states of the surrounding country will be inoculated in the born state.
Nigerian military helicopters on Friday by AP agency quickly brought polio vaccines to the north-eastern part of the country, where Islamist terrorists from Boko Haram.
The World Health Organization (WHO) said the virus has cycled undetected for many years.
Extremists from Boko Haram in the past have defended vaccinations and doctors even killed them.
Their attacks also on Thursday prevented to get doctors into areas where polio children were detected.
Both affected toddlers came with refugees from part of Nigeria newly liberated from Boko Haram.
The director of the WHO responsible for polio eradication, the BBC's Michel Zaffran station, said that vaccination in Nigeria would begin next week.
In the state of born, the Islamic radical group Boko Haram.
The area was made available to international organisations and government until the beginning of this year, when Boko Harams in this part of the country have been substantially weakened.
Nigerian Health Minister Isaac Adewole admitted that new cases of polio are disappointing for the country, because Nigeria wanted to announce that polio was eradicated in the next year.
Who noted that it was possible that, although the disease had not occurred for two years, it was still spreading among the children.
Children under five years of age will now be vaccinated.
In 2012, half of all cases of polio in the world seemed to Nigeria.
While polio was still in 125 countries in 1988, it now persists only in three areas-Afghanistan and Pakistan and the north of Nigeria.
The pope met the former prostitutes in Rome.
He listened to the pohnutým stories of fallen women.
Pope Francis met with twenty former prostitutes, who, thanks to the police, escaped from the Pimp Gang.
The pope listened to their hard life stories and called them to gaze into the future with confidence.
František wanted to draw attention to trafficking in human beings and call for an intensified fight against him.
Pope Francis met twenty former prostitutes in Rome, which the police liberated from the power of the Pimp Gang.
For more than an hour, the head of the Catholic Church listened to the pohnutým stories of fallen women, and then urged them to gaze into the future with confidence, said the Vatican spokesman.
Among the former prostitutes visited by František, there were six women from Romania, four from Albania, seven from Nigeria and one from Tunisia, Italy and Ukraine.
Their average age is around 30.
They were all exposed to cruel physical violence by the Vatican during forced prostitution.
By visiting František, he wanted to attract attention to trafficking in human beings and urged to intensify the fight against him, said Pope spokesman.
František often draws attention to the fate of the people on the edge of society.
On Thursday, for example, lunched was the Syrian refugees who arrived in the Vatican this April and June thanks to his personal invitation.
France strikes the jihadists.
Without the help of Muslims, it won 't.
In the fight against radical Islamism, the Muslims themselves are to help France.
In addition, Prime Minister Manuel Vallse prepares major changes in the functioning of mosques and spiritual training.
Since last December we have closed 20 mosques and prayer.
And others will follow, said the Minister of the Interior.
The country operates over a hundred production jihadists.
"If Muslims do not help the state fight against those who violate public liberty, it will be harder for France to guarantee this freedom," said Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
In particular, it intends to ensure that only imams who schooled in France are preached in mosques and modlitebnáchs.
At the same time, he wants to stop financing mosques from abroad.
At the moment, about 20 percent of the money for the construction of new mosques, most from Morocco, Algeria and the Gulf countries, is coming from abroad.
For this reason, the mosques are also given to preachers who can sow radicalism in France.
"Our country must show that Islam is compatible with democracy," said the Prime minister.
The new French Islamic Foundation will be the key to ensuring that these goals are met.
This should act as a bridge between a secular state and a Muslim minority.
No more foreign money.
The French foundation for Islam is now operating in the country, which was founded in 2005 by Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin.
At the time, the foundation had to contribute to the transparency of financial flows between mosques and countries that finance their construction.
But the institution soon intervened in internal divisions and rivalry.
"It's a total failure," said Valls recently.
On the French political scene, after the attack on the magazine Charlie Hebdo in January 2015, the debate on the new institution to replace the dysfunctional foundation was burned.
All spurred other terrorist attacks in France, which were zradikalizovaní Islamists in the name of the Islamic State.
The French interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, has recently heard that the new foundation will be created this October.
It will have two main tasks-to ensure the funding of mosques from indigenous sources and also to oversee the imams.
For the time being, it is not clear where it will take money not only to build new mosques, but also to various educational centers.
However, several proposals are being considered.
One is a special fee or tax on halal food.
In practice, halal food retailers would pay for certification.
Part of this money would then travel to the Register Foundation.
The contribution of ten to twenty euros (270 to 540 crowns) could then be paid by French pilgrims, who will be issued to Mecca.
Every year there's a traditional pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia going around 30 000.
And not just that.
According to the premiere, only preachers who have undergone special training programs at French universities should be in the mosques in the future.
This should ensure that the sermons are consistent with democracy.
We'll close the radical mosque.
The French government is simultaneously in the campaign against radicals.
And others will follow, announced recently by the Minister of the Interior.
In France, there is no place for those who preach hatred in mosques and do not respect some of the principles of our country, such as equality between women and men.
In the country according to estimates, there are about 2500 mosques and prayer.
It is estimated that about 120 of them are under the influence of radical Islamism.
Since 2012, some 80 imams have been expelled by the authorities and are considering it in a few other tens.
But not everyone thinks that government action can significantly strike radicalism.
Those who want to radicalized will do the same.
It does not occur in mosques, young people radikalizují on the internet, said Severine Labatová, an expert from the National Center for Scientific Research.
Dráhař Kelemen lost in the 1st round sprint with the star Baugém.
The Czech railway cyclist has to fight for the round in the corrective driving.
Track cyclist Pavel Kelemen at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro following the progression of Sprint qualification among the top eighteen lost in the 1st round duel with the French giant Grégorym Baugém, advocate of silver from past games in London.
The procedure for round must be fought in the corrective rides.
27 riders were built to start the royal discipline on the track, and the best Czech dráhař of the present was the 14th best time.
Dvoustovku with glance start Stihl in 9.969 seconds.
In the main phase of the knockout, he waited for the fifth Baugé, who already has a bronze medal in the team sprint.
Kelemen was in the end asked to an experienced Frenchman, but he was watching the procedure.
Great performance has flashed the advocate of gold by Jason Kenny.
-Brit drove the third fastest dvoustovku history and qualified to win the 9.551 Olympic record.
He was also easily advised by the last advancing German Maximilian Levy.
He also succeeded in the British Quartet in an assembly with Bradley Wiggins, which zajelo the New World record 3:50,570 in the 4 km fighter race and went to the finals.
The current maximum (3:51,659), which was four years from the London Olympics, has been improved by more than a second.
Young doctors push: they want fresh wind in the field
Representatives of young doctors met to approve new steps in their dispute over a new contract.
The Council of Young Physicians (JDC) at the British Medical Association (BMA) has to ask the whole Council to support other sectoral events in early September.
JDC says that ministers failed to resolve the contract.
Young doctors and medical students in July voted to reject the contract agreed with the BMA.
58% of its members who participated in the election were rejected.
In a letter to the members posted on Thursday night on Twitter, President Jdc Ellen McCourtová said the government remained "still silent" on the issues, which Veldo to reject the contract.
She said, "In this light, the authority of executive power JDC by vote has decided to reject the proposed new treaty completely and to request new formal negotiations on all issues."
In response to the silence of the government, the Executive Board today JDC formally requested a special meeting of the BMA Council in order to approve the running programme of contested industry events in early September.
The controversy led a young doctor this year to promulgate six strikes, including the first general strikes in the NHS history.
The leader of young doctors in BMA, Dr. Johann Malawana, resigned after deciding to reject the agreed terms of the contract that BMA recommended.
The BMA members at the meetings before the vote before the 54 000 young doctors and medical students said that the deal was good and should be taken.
After the vote of the Minister of Health said the treaty would mean for the medics in England the burden.
Russia and Turkey: an alliance of "incompatible"?
It was a gesture that ended in a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to hands and announce the formal completion of eight months of long verbal war and economic sanctions.
But, while Vladimir Putin welcomed the Turkish counterparty in the sumptuous Hall of the palace in St. Petersburg, I had the impression that Ankara wanted more for this atonement.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Putin was not smiling, and he barely radiated warmth, even according to his measured standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the contrary, repeatedly spoke of his "dear friend" to Mr Putin-five times, as one of the reports says.
I didn 't count it.
He also promised that relations with Russia will not only return to its pre-crisis level, but they will be even better.
The next day, some of the local newspapers wrote that Erdogan acted as if nothing bad had ever happened.
According to me his enthusiasm showed the exact opposite.
But the persistent cold that radiateded from Putin showed that the Russian leader had forgotten nothing.
The real cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory speech: shooting down the Russian combat aircraft of Turkey on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction was furious.
Putin gave up the wounds around him, and Ankara accused Moscow of ramming the knife in the back.
The offense was all the more that came from the putative friend.
Rebuilding real confidence will be difficult, perhaps even impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since December.
State-controlled media after months has led a massive full campaign against Ankara.
Suddenly, it looked as if the Turks could do everything.
More serious was the allegations from senior officials that's own family benefited from the illicit oil trade in parts of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He strongly denied this.
But in St. Petersburg the official message came, it was time to move on.
After all, this meeting occurred only because of Putin's apology he had requested from President Erdogan.
Russia could have declared the victories as well.
For Ankara, the benefits of announcing the truce are clear.
In the first place, Erdogan was almost deprived of power last month during a failed coup, and therefore needs all his friends.
The repeated terrorist attacks in Turkey have also visibly shaken.
There is also an economic motive.
The Russian sanctions had a hard impact-especially the abolition of charter flights, which annually transports several million Russian tourists on the coast of Turkey.
This number decreased by almost 90%.
With regard to Russia, tour operators and charter companies are sure to be in the air, if necessary, to restore flights.
Earn on Mediterranean tourism at the end of the season.
Even this week of state television promised cheaper fruits and vegetables when the imports of agricultural commodities from Turkey were re-authorised.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as this proclaim report in the newspaper Vedemosti.
But the visit had another political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for what he considers a feeble reaction to a coup attempt.
In addition, prolonged hostility lengthy talks about joining the EU and Putin's entry--which eagered to take advantage of the cooling and tear-off ties of Turkey with the west.
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points when Ankara asked him to help the elected authorities after trying to coup.
You must understand that for Moscow, which has a deeply entrenched fear of regime change, it's given.
So, the summit in this glitzy, seaside palace of Russia and Turkey enabled me to show what one of the analysts described to me as "an alliance incompatible": how the two countries join forces that feel rejected and used by the West.
But, despite the fact that they have publicly shown mutual reconciliation, there are fundamental differences between the two countries.
The first is Syria, where Moscow recently built a role in peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey stand on opposite sides.
It could be said that after almost tříhodinových introductory interviews, the two presidents at the press conference said they had not even mentioned this question.
The Turkish President deliberately search the answer to the question about the differences between them, while Putin decided to highlight these differences.
There is no clear agreement on the basis of which the two States could find a common language in the issue of Syria.
But, after months of open hostility--and, given the risk of utter catastrophe, when a NATO member of Turkey shot down a Russian combat aircraft-it is certainly better that both leaders speak again at least.
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears for customers outside Scotland
According to the CEO of the bank, the RBS tag should be suppressed to the back office role.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be lost to customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that RBS was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
They abated from them when they almost disappeared eight years ago and had to be redeemed from debt.
At that time, the strategy marks used "RBS" to protect other brands of consumer finances.
It cost millions of pounds of international sport sponsorship, from Six Nations Rugby Championship to Winbledomu Andy Marraye.
But it has now been decided that it is better to give more Excel to national brands.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used by Scottish customers, but will not start new trades.
All references to RBS in England and Wales, with the exception of the headquarter and the encoding of stock exchanges, will be changed to NatWest.
Customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland are already using the Ulster Bank brand.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking that get more to the fore-Coutts, Adam & Co., Drummond, and Holt's military bank.
During the travels to customers and employees in Inverness-shire, McEwan answered questions to Ross McEwan.
BBC Station Scotland said, "The RBS brand will cease to be our investor brand and brand for which our employees are working because we are now much more becoming a brand bank."
Because the bank itself became a global brand, it became a global brand and RBS.
Now I say that we have no longer global aspirations, we have efforts focused on the home stage.
Each of these brands will in its own communities mean something completely different and our workers will work under these brands.
RBS has already stated that it will not continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations Championship, and has prepared a profile of the individual brands of sport sponsorships.
"Is there a good time for us to move to the brand bank because the basic question (which we are) is how to focus on becoming a better bank for customers?" said the executive director.
Three years ago, it would be very cynical if we said we would become a great bank for our customers and the brands were introduced.
But along with how we focused on the needs of customers and not on our own, I think that there are lots of changes.
We can remind these brands ZNOUVU, I think the right time has come.
Frankie Dettori in Newmarket riding Predilection led to the finish 3000. Winner
Dettori Rozstřikuje Champagne after his double victories in Newmarket brought 3000 victories
Jockey Frankie Dettori on Friday secured 3000. Victories in Britain in Newmarket.
This milestone reached his second victory in the evening on his local track-riding Predilection, which is coached by John Gosden.
Pětačtyřicetiletý Italian is the sixth jockey who achieved such a result in the plane races.
His predecessors are Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
The triple champion Žekje Dettori, who had previously won on horseback Ghayyar, said, "It's strange."
I am very impressed because there is also my family
I am very glad that this occurred in Newmarket, because I was here 30 years ago anchor.
It's not a great event, it's not Royal Ascot-it's Friday night on the ground with 20 000 people.
I was relieved and I am very grateful.
Dettori collects congratulations when after the victory brings predilection
Two jockeys of this milestone have reached the hurdle races-champion jockey Richard Johnson and 20násobný champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who during his career breaking records led to the goal of more than 4 300 winners.
Lester Piggott, Devítinásobný winner Derby, 4 493 career winners
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of modern times and it is no surprise that he has reached a milestone that only a few riders have achieved before him.
It is stylish and powerful, but it is his tactical fištrón that distinguishes him from the other riders in the Vážnici.
He is a fantastic racing ambassador, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans to this sport for years.
A few weeks ago, I told Frankie in Epsom that if he hadn 't just ridden on weekends and big races, he'd have 6 000 winners!
But the truth is that Frankie drove the winner in the UK for the most part of his-career, and that's really something.
It has a lively character, which is good for the British racing sport. But more importantly, he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori's success celebrated his pověstným glance jump
From Little finišů to a dive-Frankie Dettori was bellboy of British plane racing two decades.
It was like a rollercoaster ride.
A plethora of winners of the big races, including his famous "Magnificent Seven" at Ascot. But he also survived the airplane crash and had a ban on drugs.
Three years ago, he stagnateded for the first time, returning after a 6měsíčním ban on takeoff, but demonstrating an incredible internal force and returning all doubters in the best form.
And perhaps it will not be the last time-Dettori has previously declared that he would like to continue racing for at least 50 years.
Russian President Putin released the head of Sergei Ivanov's presidential office
On Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly released Sergei Ivanov from the head of the presidential office.
Ivanov was one of the closest Putin's associates for many years.
63 Ivanov was appointed as a Special representative for ecology and transport.
The statement from the Kremlin states that Putin has "released Ivanov from his service head of the Russian presidential office," but there was no reason.
His place will be taken over by Anton Vajno, who was Ivanov's deputy since 2012.
Old Vajno was formerly a diplomat.
Born in the capital city of Tallinn, Estonia in 1972, he graduated at the prestigious State Institute of International Relations in Moscow (MGIMO) and worked at the embassy in Tokiju.
The website (in Russian) states that he later made the Chairman of the Presidential Protocol and the presidential office.
On appointment to Putin, he said, "Thank you for your trust."
I believe that the most important role of administration is to support your head of State activities within the meaning of the draft laws and to control the extent to which your guidelines are followed.
On Friday, Putin said that Ivanov had asked him to release from the post and recommended that he replace him with the Vajno.
Convince smiles?
This step mystified Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov was one of Vladimir Putin's closest collaborators for a long time, and, like Putin, he worked for the KGB.
As head of the presidential office he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, who aired the state television, both men declared that the head of the president's office was leaving at his own request.
But the smiles in the cameras convinced only a few people-especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
Is this the result of a power struggle?
Nobody knows that yet.
But the official assertion that a man that was once thought of as a possible president desires to lead Russia's ecological policy suddenly encountered a great deal of distrust.
The Kremlin's website cites the remarks addressed to Putin, in which Ivanov states, "It is true that in 2012 I asked you in an interview to give me this very demanding post, even one could say a problematic post, confided in four years.
Apparently, I was the head of the presidential office for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
He previously served as deputy Prime Minister and Secretary of Defense.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and formerly, like Putin, he worked for the State Security Committee (KGB).
At the end of the 1990s, when Putin commanded the Russian Federation Security Service (FSB) to replace the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Putin joined Power, Ivanov appointed one of his five closest associates.
His time was even speculated that Ivanov could be the successor to Putin at the head of the state after his second term, because the third period would be unconstitutional for Putin.
But this post was taken over by another close Putin collaborator Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidential office for only three and a half years later.
Thomas Gibson, a star of the criminal's Ideas series, was released after the director's hit
Gibson last month in Los Angeles embroiled in a physical exchange of views on the scene.
ABC and CBS television stations that produce the series have announced their release in a joint declaration.
Gibson, who played the special agent Aaron Hotchnera, had apologized on Thursday before announcing his vyhazovu.
There was a creative difference in the scene and a mismatch.
I'm sorry this happened, "he said in a statement.
According to ABC and CBS TV listings, the details of how the Gibson figure disappears from the series that follows the FBI agent team stories is a little later.
The Čtyřiapadesátiletý actor, who became famous for the lead role in the sitcom Dharma and Greg, appeared in the series since the first series in 2005.
"I love the minds of the criminal, and in the last twelve years I have been giving heart and soul to them," Gibson said in his statement, which he published on Friday.
I was hoping I'd be in it till the end. But it won 't be possible now.
I would like to express my thanks to the authors, producers, actors, our amazing team and especially the great fans, in what ever this show could have hoped.
The return of the series to the twelfth series is expected Sept. 28.
In the town of Banff mysteriously landed in the garden fish
A man from Banff asked for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 pieces of fish can be sand eels, leaving a water storm there.
Bain, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, on the Channel Periscope published a short film of his finding, thinking that someone could help him clarify how about 5centimetrové fish on his garden were given.
Queensferry Crossing: The bridge now connects with Fife
Project for 1.35 billion pounds to be completed by May 2017
The engineers have linked the North Plateau and the Queensferry Crossing and the viaduct – the bridge thus now connects with the Fife.
It is therefore the first of the four latches between the "fans of the Rig", which are now almost completed around each of the three pylons bridge.
The part of the bridge from Fife is now a long 600 meters and weighs 30 000 tons.
It has 10 000 tons of iron and 20 000 tons of concrete and 46 hanging ropes.
The project for 1.35 billion pounds is due to be completed by May 2017.
Economic Secretary Keith Brown's construction today visited and was among the first to come from the mainland to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic moment and symbolic moment of building Queensferry Crossing.
On this project, we are all witnessing how building engineers in deed impressive scale used more than 30 000 tons of concrete and steel to construct this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive dimensions and mass of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge platform was a delicate operation that required exceptional accuracy.
In its place is now a total of more than 79% of the total area of the bridge, the concrete for the last part of the plateau is now poured in the Rosythu, so the whole plateau is ready to hoisting to the bridge.
Michael Martin, head of the project Forth Crossing Bridge constructors, said: "The first closure in the construction of each bridge is always an important milestone.
On this amazing project this closure represents the tip of building construction.
After installing the last part of the road plateau and connecting it to the North Tower expansion platform, we had to close the last gap on the north side-towards the mainland.
We did this by stretching the northern approach Viaduct 700 millimeters in the south direction.
This was a massive and at the same time very delicate operation.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6 000 tons and it was necessary to pull it with a gradient of about 3%.
Delicate because the tolerances with which the team worked were very small-only a few millimeters each way.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: Three men are "happy to be Alive"
Three men are "happy to be alive" after the water is flush from their fishing boat at Anglesey.
Lifeboats Moelfre RNLI announced an alarm on Friday at 13:20 British Summer time after the crew incident in the Moelfre Bay saw.
All three men tried to swim to safety while their boat continued to move on.
"We saw their boat circling in their vicinity and we thought it was the worst," said the helmsman of the lifeboat Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, the strong winds blown away from them before we left," he added.
Two men saved a local fishing boat, the third man at the age of 60 was found without life vests exhausted as he sticks to the buoys.
They were all handed aboard the Coast rescue boat and Převezemi back to the lifeboat station
Jones said, "Three men dropping into the water are happy to be alive and completely without injury.
The motor of the ship had a rope for emergency shutdown, but somehow it was disconnected from the person who drove the boat when the rollover occurred.
Someone on top of those guys was holding a protective hand.
The judge refuses to solve the case because of Tluchořově woman.
Petr Tluchoř is one of three deputies who, according to the indictment, had to get the political tobacconist, a lucrative post for political concessions, from the prime Minister of the time and his then boss cabinet, Jana Nagy.
In 2012, the tax package was approved.
ŠNAJDR, Fuksa, and Tluchoř allowed him to make his resignation.
Then they appeared on influential posts in state companies.
They also faced suspicion of bribery and ended up in custody for a month.
But, according to the court, the compensation of almost 2 million crowns is lived.
Tluchoř now acts as a witness in case, following the intervention of the Supreme Court.
His wife works in a court building on the fruit market and settles civil disputes.
Nevertheless, Judge Helena Kaburu wants to be cautious (it solves criminal matters-note red.) and prevent possible objections.
The case seems to be in charge of another Prague judicial district.
At the same time, he had twice escape the guilt of Jan Nečas, formerly Nagy.
It was an alleged misuse of military intelligence to follow the first wife of prime Minister of the Radka.
In this case, Tluchoř did not figure.
According to the lawyer Jaroslav Ortmana, however, this is an unnecessarily exaggerated response.
I think that impartiality cannot be interpreted so that the court exclude if the witnesses have a wife or relatives in court.
I'm afraid there's nothing to judge, he said, for the diary.
"It seems to me ulítlé," he added.
In the case of political tobacco is also accused Roman Baba, a former official.
According to his lawyer Peter Tomana, however, any objection would have a chance of success.
The District Court for Prague 1 discussed 13 June indictment of the former boss cabinet of Prime Minister Petra Nečas (today's time) and other defendants in case abuse of military intelligence.
On the picture comes the timeless with the husband to the court.
Tluchořová should have addressed Peroutkovi.
For example, the wife of Exposlance was to judge the statements of President Miloš Zeman about the Democratic pre-war journalist Ferdinand Peroutkovi.
Zeman said he was sympathized with Adolf Hitler.
One of the girls is already dead!
The girl seems to have perished in the air raid of Allied forces.
She and her two equally old girlfriends flew to Syria from London's Gatwick Airport last February.
The British Ministry of Interior has not commented on her death.
The young Londoners, who fled from home, were secretly transported to Syria through the Turkish border.
Shamima Begumová, Amira Abaseová and Kadiza Sultanaová went by the media for their other former Spolužačkou from the Bethnal Green Academy in London.
The case last year caused a huge surge of attention, as well as tensions in relations between Britain and Turkey.
British security forces have estimated that about 600 British Muslims, about 50 young women and girls, have traveled to Syria.
Many have joined the radicals of the IS and other groups.
Those who return home represent a terrorist threat to Britain.
Work of dreams for Stotisícový salary.
Great paid work that you don 't even need college.
So looks at the first look of the work Ajťáka.
And often the other one.
The advantage is not only the Czech ratio of an extremely high salary (you earn up to 180 000 CZK in Prague), but also extreme advantages.
The reason is a huge lack of it specialists.
Thousands of specialists are missing.
It is estimated that almost 20 000 IT specialists are absent in the Czech Republic.
Among the most are the statistics of the recruitment agency Grafton programmers, developers, network engineers and application specialists.
Candidates can choose between several job offers.
He is not competing for job candidates, but job positions for candidates, commenting on Jitka, marketing manager Grafton Recruitment.
College is not a necessity.
Higher education is not a necessity for ajťáky.
Higher education means a good basis and is an overall indicator of intelligence and a vzdělatelnosti candidate, but does not often have much to do with the knowledge of development.
Developers must constantly learn new things, which once a high school is not replaced, says Petr Kubačka, director of Monster career CZ.
He's the best in Prague.
Ajťáků wages everywhere move high above the republics average.
The most money will come in Prague and Brno, in the regions it is no longer such a chart.
"The wage conditions in Brno are comparable to those of Prague," confirms Kubačka.
The technical directors will reach the highest earnings.
In Prague and Brno they can come to 120 000-180 000 CZK.
In other regions the salary is lower, but it does not fall below 80 000 CZK.
Poptávaní are also it project managers.
At the onset can earn 60 000-100 000 CZK.
The fight is also about graduates.
While in some professions graduates often have to go to the Labour Office, the ajťáků does not apply.
If companies are to be dragged and paid by an expert from another company, we would like to reach after the graduate.
They can bring him in his own manner.
Without language, bypass.
Knowledge of foreign language is useful in every profession, but at least decent English is required for ajťáků.
Knowing at least one foreign language is a necessity for some it positions.
On the other hand, we encounter a number of cases where companies are looking for a professionally educated and experienced person and satisfied only with the average knowledge of English.
For example, if a support professional controls more than one foreign language, he is interesting for his employer, because he can serve more customers from different countries, adds director Kubačka.
Jóóó in Google, there's paradise.
They can only quietly envy Czech workers employees in Google.
Of course there is flexible working hours, possibility of work from home or various shortened harnesses, not only for mothers.
"Novopečeným Dads gives the company four weeks of extra vacations after the child is born," says Martina Joneková, spokesperson for Google.
Pampering also includes health care for employees and family, catering, transport, training, wellness or massage directly in the workplace.
Whoever wants to educate is green and doesn 't matter what the new one wants to learn.
But this does not stop the benefits.
Such a full fridge free is also definitely not to be discarded.
A healthy lunch (in some locations and breakfast and dinner) is available on site every day.
In addition, there are so-called microkitchens in all the offices where people always find a healthy snack, betraying the speaker.
And in order not to be thrown away, as eat, puts in boxes that employees can take home in the evening.
And the reason for these at the Czech ratio of unbelievable benefits?
Create a creative and motivating environment!
"For Google, it's not important for employees to sit eight hours a day at the office, but the results of initiatives or projects, shifts or developments, ideas and innovative solutions," adds the spokesperson.
The UN has sharply zkritizovala Bulgaria for criminalization refugees.
Zeid Ra ' ad al-Hussein, UN commissioner for Human Rights, accused Bulgaria on Thursday that it systematically violates the human rights of criminalisation refugees.
The official strategy of the Bulgarian government "raises serious concern about the fact that Bulgaria is not complying with international law", warned Zeid Ra ' ad al-Hussein in a statement.
He pointed out that "it is particularly troubling to witness how important and influential public figures express public support for the criminal armed bojůvky that cheekily hold refugees on the border between Bulgaria and Turkey."
"One of the most serious problems is that almost all people who pass the Bulgarian territory in an irregular manner are automatically arresteded," Zeid emphasized.
And worse--they are often prosecuted and imprisoned--for a year or more--if they try to leave the country.
Their attempts to leave the country are kriminalizovány, despite the fact that everyone has the right to leave any country, including its own, under international law.
This year, Bulgaria arrested 14 000 migrants, last year for the same period 21 000.
Pokemon Go-the pursuit of health and happiness that pays off
It's fascinating to watch the world change.
Many people over the last decade lamentuje that teenagers and children are no longer playing outdoors and prefer to spend their free time in front of the screens.
Pokémon go lifts people from sofas and leads them to activity.
Time spent before the screens was originally whittled on TV, later on video games and most recently on smartphones.
It is great to observe that technology and activities outside are not mutually exclusive.
I am talking of course about the fashion that Pokemon go is, an application based on the characters that first appeared in video games at the end of the 1990s (later came the cartoon series, playing cards and others).
As with many cultural phenomena, there has been a decline in interest before the new game was introduced in early July in the USA, Australia and New Zealand.
The introduction in other countries was postponed due to the massive interest that led to the congestion of the servers.
Pokémon Go has earned over a few days more users than Tinder and almost as many users as Twitter has.
How does it work?
In short, players on the smartphone are going out to search for Pokemon that they are watching using GPS, and when they find them, they can "take a picture" (via the screenshot on the phone) or "grab".
The mania gripped the generation, which in the younger age the game played, raising it from the chairs and propels out to search for Pokemon.
In the US, this game has resulted in a significant increase in the number of steps that the "average" person will do every day.
Application Cardiogram for smart watches by Apple, which tracks 35 000 users, recently told the Washington Post that within two days of starting the game, the number of people who practiced every day for 30 minutes jumped from 45 to 53 percent.
The company does not have information on who Pokemon go is playing – it only sees rough data on exercise levels.
Many public campaigns aimed at people "finding 30", "picking up from the couch" and "being active every day" fell on the barren ground, because most of the messages focused on public health are boring and destined for people who don 't look good.
Yet the importance of exercise must not be underestimated.
Those who practise regularly reduce the risk of cancer or depression.
Physical activity is involved in the control of weight, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits, which we cannot completely state here.
But the beauty of Pokemon go lies in the fact that people walk out and do something they enjoy.
You cover three pillars of health-movement, fresh air and sun rays. and fun.
Some people even get new friends in pursuit of Pokémon.
As it happens, of course there are some boring patrons who are looking for any excuse to complain.
And yes, someone can fit in the door.
What, like?
There's been a breakthrough.
In his time, applications for smartphones, such as Fitbit, were able to track our activity, but they didn 't give us a reason to do something like this game.
New Okouká and interest in it will begin at some point recede.
But with the success of Pokémon, there will be additional games that will combine applications and virtual reality with activity in the real world and help many people in pursuit of activity, health and better form.
Read Dr. Joe's Blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Bilesová wins gold in Allround gymnastics women
Forget the pressure.
Forget the excitement.
Simone Bilesová is immune to all this.
Dynamic to jump.
Effortlessly on balance.
All dumb.
Excellent in everything.
And now finally an Olympic champion.
Devatenáctiletá American gymnast went straight on Thursday to the title in Allround, and the rest of the full line under the Olympic headlights overcame.
The overall result of the 62.198 clearly confirmed its lead before the silver medalist and a member of the team "finals fives" Aly Raismanovou and the Russian bronze medalist Aliyou Mustafinovou.
Simone Bilesová (USA) on Thursday during a performance at the balance in the final multisports of individuals in athletic gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bilesová became the fourth American in the series that won decathlete, and fifth overall, when she confirmed her reputation as the best gymnast of his generation and perhaps the best ever.
Tears appeared on her face when her overall final rating was on the blackboard and her long journey was over until that moment.
This success is ranked in the same league of unique athletes of his time as Michael Phelps, who added a new dimension to their sport:
Bilesová has dominated his sport for the last three years, winning 15 medals at world championships-including 10 gold. Her breathtaking sets are a mixture of ambition and precision, and the 1984 Olympic champion, Mary Lou Rettonová, described her as "the best gymnast she'd ever seen."
The last test awaited her in Brazil, not so much between Bilesovou and the rest of Závodnic, but between herself and the burden of too much anticipation.
Anything other than returning home to his family in spring, Texas with a hand full of gold medals, would be perceived as disappointing.
Simone Bilesová (USA), left, and Aly Raismanová are embraced after the victory of the gold and silver medal in the final of the women's multisports individual at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
The first Bilesová won Tuesday, when she was an exclamation point in the celebration of the outgoing national team coordinator Martha Karolyiové.
Bilesová insists she never looked forward during her long journey to the summit, which is not entirely true.
Part of her assembly in the free-TA, which includes the typical triple Salto with double turnover-is nestled in Latin music, which would just toss home to the streets outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl adopted her grandparents as a toddler and her talent was discovered by the mother of coach Aimee Boormanové on the way to the gym, where Boormanová coached and where he gained strength.
Competition in Allround Neprohrála since summer 2013-this is a sequence of victories that can continue as long as Bilesová will want.
Although Mustafinová took over the short line with two otočkám, it was just an illusion.
Balance and pros-where Bilesová defends world championships-waiting.
She got back to the forehead with 15.433 points for Kladinu-and completed with 15.933 points in the pros.
Raismanová gently hugged her when they waited for the final score-a mere formality-and around the shimmering of red, white and Blue Shadows, tears Bilesové appeared when they met the wish that she had once written to diary.
The performance of the Raismanové was a bit of a retribution for the Olympics four years ago, when she shared the third rung with Mustafinovou, but bronze because of the sum of the three best reports.
This time old the captain of the team that Americans call "Babča" was a lot ahead.
After their own, the crowd sent aerial kisses, eliminated a return that seemed uncertain at times.
For Bilesovou has a post that this devatenáctiletá athlete placed on Twitter this week, where it became an absolute hit, a whole new meaning:
Police: Three casualties in the case of a serial killer shot while listening to music in the car
According to the police report published on Thursday, two women and a girl at the age of 12 died during the nejvažnějšího attack of the decade, in the case of the first serial killer in Phoenix. They were shot when they were sitting in the car, chatting and listening to music.
The authorities reported that Angela Rochelle liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and the daughter of Ellis Maleah were shot on June 12th in a car parked on the driveway.
The report states that the armed man was standing on the passenger side and fired eight rounds from the hand gun. He fled in another vehicle.
According to the police, it is not worth the triple homicide robbery, because the attacker did not take the purse or the amount of $2 900, which one of the adult victims had.
The police spokesman in Phoenix, Sergeant Jonathan Howard, said the investigators were detecting whether the shooting had any connection with any of the previous four attacks.
In two predominantly Hispanic quarters, there were a total of nine attacks in four months in which seven people were killed and two other people were injured.
"It is happening in a residential area in front of the houses", said Howard earlier this month for the CBS KPHO station.
The police believe that the suspect used several cars, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to divulge what evidence led them to conclude that the attacks were related and were carried out by the same assassin.
Ellis (33) was taken to the hospital, where she later succumbed to her wounds.
The liner (31) and the daughter of Ellis Maleah died in place.
The witness told the police that it wasn 't uncommon for women to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities also uveřejnily the police report on the firing, which was the target of an empty van just half an hour before the triple homicide. The police believe that this serial killer was the perpetrator of this.
Investigators found cartridge, and from the remnants of the bullets in the seat and under the bonnet of the engine they put down a bullet.
Mother six child with Mikrocefalií: "His condition is improving"
Edmund Picciuto, like most children of his age, loves singing, toys and of course also his mother.
But unlike their peers, Mikrocefalií suffers from the genetic disorder that his mother, Elizabeth Picciutová, did not know during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, first I thought I couldn 't handle this.
I can 't do this.
I'm not ready for this.
Which is not true-sure you're ready for that, "she said.
She and her husband Vincent learned that Edmund might never recognize them and that he might not survive.
Some doctors even proposed to be placed in the institute.
"My first reaction was that I thought that people don 't do this anymore", explains Picciutová.
Edmund walks with the help of Walkers.
He couldn 't sit or crawl until the age of three. And he's still not talking.
But some milestones are already filling up slowly.
He goes with the help and rides the bike.
He also enjoys playing with his two brothers and loves singing.
Elizabeth is showing a sign language, with which Edmund says "please Sing Me".
"We teach him the sign language," said Picciutová for CBS News.
But it's not a common sign language-he says Edmund had invented some characters himself.
Microcephaly can arise from a number of different conditions: genetics, such as that of Edmunda, and after infections in pregnancy caused by viruses such as measles or Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis may vary significantly.
It's too early to tell us what impact the virus Zika on the lives of infected.
Picciutová recalls the emotional tax that the uncertain future chooses.
I am constantly asking, "What will happen next?"
What's next?
And she's still not sure.
In fact, I never asked what the overall prognosis was, because I don 't expect anyone to ever tell me.
But Picciutová has an encouraging message for mothers of all children who suffer from congenital defects caused by the Zika virus.
The situation is improving.
Know it's gonna be better.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rains and floods have necessitated rescue work in Louisiana, Mississippi
The heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana had induced the governor to declare an emergency on Friday. Other rains are expected in the state on Saturday.
The National Meteorological Service (NWS) reported that after the extreme lijácích, a number of rivers in southeast Louisiana and South Mississippi spilled from their shores, threatening widespread flooding.
Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards said that state officials are continuously in touch with local authorities and help is already on their way to the affected areas.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the governor's Office for National Security and crisis preparedness said they are receiving applications for vehicles for water rides, boats and sandbags.
Steele said only the district Tangipahoa asked for ten thousand sandbags.
Flood patrols will remain in most southern Louisiana until Saturday.
The meteorological service stated in the statement that more than 8 to 13 centimertů can rain over the sea.
In southern Alabama, the flood patrol was in readiness on Friday when the rains continued in the area of mobile.
According to the predictions, the rivers Comite U Baton Rouge and Amite at Denham Springs on weekends culminating.
Meteorologist Alek Krautmann said that both said they can flood a number of houses in the příměstkých areas of Baton Rouge.
He said further that the dangers are flooding downstream in the district of Ascension, when these swollen flows will be poured only slowly into the lake Maurepas.
The River Tickfaw, a little south from the Mississippi State in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest recorded level on Friday at 9am local time.
The rescuers still up people from the torrential waters of Amite and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were already on Friday among the protected Glosteru.
Hansford (62) said the water from Beaver Creek, which are normally more than 120 meters from his house, overnight rose quickly.
He said he was alerted by his other stepson who lived nearby.
"We woke up and the water approached," Hansford said.
We had it up to the waist.
According to his wife, it's the highest level she had ever seen at the in the last 48 years.
Hansford said that he and all his family members are impaired and he is the only one who can swim.
Hansford said the crisis workers had saved all three huge military-style trucks and was them at the fire station in Glosteru, where they remained covered Friday.
Krautmann said that with the continuation of heavy rains, the floods "spread rapidly" and the authorities are contemplating evacuation.
According to Krautmanna, the Observer near Livinstonu announced that 35 centimeters of rainfall had fallen from midnight to Friday until morning.
Krautmann said the land was heavily soaked from Wednesday.
The authorities indicated that the heavy rain and the paid roads required rescuing residents from their homes in the district of Tangipahoa and dissolution of teaching in five school districts.
The CBS branch WWL station announced that, according to Elders of Tangipahoa, 200 homes were flooded.
The inhabitants were evacuated to two churches, which are both but now flooded.
The mayor of Robby Miller said the authorities had saved 72 people and seven domestic animals that high water imprisoned.
In the village of Amite and in the city of Hammond, shelters were set up for those who were evacuated.
"They'll be able to go home when the water starts to Opadávat," he said.
There were more than 20 streets closed in the district of Tangipahoa in the city of Hammond, and the locals were provided with sandbags that they could pick up and try to protect their homes and businesses from water.
"The last big floods we had here in March," said Warden Městla Lacy Landrum.
These floods seem to be similar.
Rupert Lacy, a manager for a crisis situation in Harrison County, Mississippi, said the rain was continuing on the coast of the Persian Gulf.
He said the flood was announced on Thursday, but none of them appeared in the report on Friday.
Keith Townsonová, head shopper value Foods at Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in several places where I've never seen her before," said Townsonová, "and she's still there."
Mahaj Brown (6) – "Boy Rozstřílený as riddled", survived shooting in Philadelphia
According to the police, the six boy was shot in Philadelphia. This week, this is already the second shooting on a child aged 6 years in the city.
The grandparents of the child identified him as Mahaje Brown for CBS Philadelphia.
The grandparents say that the boy suffered several gunshot wounds, including weaknesses, legs, arms and abdomen, but when transported to the hospital he was conscious.
"Got too much, his little body was prostřílené as riddled," said the station of his grandmother, Dolores Melendezová.
I can 't believe it.
The boy is in critical condition in the hospital and underwent several surgeries.
The family for the station said the boy should be healed.
He was to join the first class of elementary school.
Mahaj Brown is among the four people who were shot in the Germantown.
Another three men were shot: two at the age of 29 and one aged 32 years.
One of the men aged 29 years is in critical condition, according to CBS Philadelphia there are two other victims in stabilized condition.
According to the station report, the child was found shot on the front seat of the vehicle along with the Devětadvacetiletým man in critical condition.
The other two casualties were not in the wagon, and the police examined whether any of the injured men could be a bishop.
CBS's investigators Philadelphia said that there was probably a shootout between several armed men.
On the site were found cartridge from weapons of offensive type, belonging to various offensive weapons.
Apparently, it was definitely a continuing battle.
On the street were cartridge on both sides of the pavement.
It seems, then, that there were several armed fighting persons who were actively involved, "said the Captain Philadelphia police station Anthony Ginaldi.
There were also several houses and vehicles in the area.
No one was detained, and the police allegedly explored videos from the cameras.
Another six baby, this time the girl, was shot in the arm by a stray shot on Tuesday in front of the house in the neighborhood of West Oak Lane.
The girl is recovering and the police are still looking for the suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
This is how I imagine a female gymnastics team for this year's Olympic Games, for several reasons.
Firstly, I was at every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the US has never been so dominant.
And secondly: there are three gymnasts on this team, Simone Bilesová, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, which inspired so many young colored girls.
Everyone is proud of the composition of this team, which complements Aly Raismanová, which is of Jewish origin, and Catholic Madison Kocianová.
We finally have a team that looks like America.
He also strengthened the presence of black and Latinskoameričanek at the tip of this sport.
Gymnast number one in the last four years was Afroameričanka.
Simone and Gabby were on the first and second rungs last year.
That means something.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Dougalsová surprisingly became the champion of the Olympic Games and America cried.
Now the world could witness the incredible performance of the triple world winner Simone Bilesové, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, who performed unexpected but masterfully gymnastic figures.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth American woman to win gold in the female allround of individuals.
And a member of the team Aly Raismanová won silver.
We are seeing a sports top, but in the gymnastics lessons in the country it doesn 't look like it.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie went to the Olympic team the same way as Aly and Madison.
They are the "final five" because the gymnasts team for the next Olympic Games will be composed only of four female athletes, and this is the last year when Marta Karolyiová trains.
The reality is that gymnastics is a financially demanding sport and gymnastics are trained mainly in private gymnastic clubs, which keep parents who pay the costs of training, equipment, travel, jerseys, competition fees, hotel accommodation (for coaches and their contenders and families). That's not all.
Most of these sports clubs are in rich areas in the suburbs that can support activities.
In these clubs the gymnasts have all the trainings and for the gymnastics and gymnasts ' families this is an expensive and long-term commitment.
Aimee Boormanová, Coach Simone Bilesové, and Maggie Haneyová, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained athletes at the time they started in gymnastics.
It is our responsibility to bring gymnastics trainings that are more accessible and accessible to the communities of countless young girls that Simone, Gabby and Laurie inspired.
I founded the Gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, where we offer free gymnastics or low cost in Harlem for more than 15 000 young people within the city (mainly of black and Hispanic) and we have trained national and international champions.
In September we will expand to Detroit (my hometown), where we will provide quality gymnastics to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination of the body and hard work, discipline and determination of mind.
This combination means lifetime benefits for good health, school achievements and work.
Just the inspiration this team will send to us thousands of young girls who will want to do gymnastics. And that's great.
Participation in this sport is very important, especially for girls.
It's a very exciting time.
Thank you, Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison, for having shown "girly power" and winning the Olympic team gold. And thank you for motivate so many young girls of all origins to embark on a journey to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After the rejection of Jeremy Hunt's design, young doctors are ready to join the next strikes
Ministers hoped that, following the conclusion of the recast Treaty, the British Medical Association (BMA) representatives would cease disagreements about the changes. But 58 percent of 37 000 young doctors who attended the election declined the contract.
Hunt in July revealed plans to enforce the contract, with the NHS being in the "land of anyone" and further delays would have a detrimental impact on employees and patients.
The first young doctors have already signed a new contract that includes changes in night and weekend working practices to improve care in the nonsocial hours.
Doctor Ellen McCourtová, president of the BMA Commission for Young doctors in a statement last night, said: "Young doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed treaty, especially in the sense that there will be an increase in the current labour force and thus fair treatment for all doctors."
Just eight weeks before the first group of doctors goes under the new contract, it is necessary to make progress and it takes time.
The BMA efforts to resolve disputes through negotiations have met with the reluctance to involve Dr and often with a deafening silence by the government.
And despite the promise of Jeremy's hunt from last month that this option is still open.
"Jeremy Hunt must now act, push for enforcement and solve the concerns of young doctors."
If this is not the case, then young doctors are ready to take the next steps.
During the last strike at the end of April, almost 13 000 routine operations and 100 000 visits were postponed, because sisters and specialists were called upon to attend the doctors who were among the protesters.
Ministers hoped that, following the conclusion of the recast Treaty, the British Medical Association (BMA) representatives would conclude disagreements about the changes.
BMA wants higher payments for work on the weekend for 54 000 young doctors who would be the subject of the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chairman of the NHS Employers, called on the young doctor to put up any strikes not.
Mortimer said, "the field action is only a little or nothing, but there will be pressure on the already overloaded teams and services, and fears, exhaustion and disruption for patients, caregivers and their families rise."
In the past two months we have discussed with the Council of Young doctors and together with the Ministry of Health and others we have positively responded to them concerns about the role of oversight and informant.
Employers hoped that continued positive involvement in other important issues-such as load, flexibility in training, further training for those who return after a career interruption, training costs, mutual recognition of subjects, study time off and gender pay gap – was evidence of how seriously employers, health Education England and the Health Ministry are taking agreements that have been achieved with BMA in November, February and May.
The cure for sixty crowns per day can reduce the risk of heart attack
Thousands of patients at risk of heart attack will be able to use a drug that costs about sixty crowns (two pounds). The authorities recommend it to be administered to more patients for a longer period of time.
The drug against blood clotting Ticagrelor decreases in people with heart disease danger that the seizure will occur again.
The drug is now administered for 12 months after a heart attack to reduce the risk of a stroke or another seizure.
The NHS watchdog NICE recommends that the drug be administered to people for four years in order to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Now, however, the NHS watchdog NICE recommends that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
In England, about 140 000 people each year suffer, and a quarter of them have another attack or heart attack.
Heart attack and strokes are a caused accumulation of fat that creates a continuous layer on the artery walls.
If this layer is detached, a blood clot may occur, blocking blood access to the heart and developing a heart attack.
If the precipitate is released, the blood bloodstream can continue, block the blood supply to the brain and cause a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are at higher risk of another seizure.
Ticagrelor, which is produced by the British company AstraZeneca and sold under the name of Brilique, reduces the risk of a precipitate being less likely to occur.
In the proposal for a nice directive published today, it is recommended that patients receive 90 mg of Ticagreloru for 12 months and then 60 mg with aspirin twice daily for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longsonová, director of the Centre for Health Technology Assessment, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary preventive treatment, there are a quarter of patients who have had a heart attack and who have an additional heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences."
The fear of recurrence can have a significant negative impact on the quality of life of the patient.
It is shown that Ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of other heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
We are pleased that in the preliminary recommendations of the Ticagreloru we can extend the treatment options available to many thousands of people who can benefit from it.
Since information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagreloru-especially about the risk of bleeding-beyond the three years is limited, it is not recommended in the design of treatment over this time.
With computer culture, scams in Muslim areas have begun to flourish
The mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was dismissed last year from the post due to corruption, which was linked to the government's report
The culture of political correctness has led to the neglect of spreading fraud in Muslim communities, is now reported in the government's report.
Ex-minister Sir Eric Pickles harshly criticises the police, election inspectors and the town hall for ignoring the abuse of voters due to "hypersensitivity to ethnicity and religion."
The former secretary of the community, now the ruler of anti-corruption interventions, said that intimidation of voters on the basis of their religion is so bad that the police should make kordóny and vystražené voters to protect them from the polling rooms.
He recommended that voters take their identity documents and prove who they were when they were elected.
Currently, voters need to enter their name and address.
The report also suggests the fingers of persons in the hand voice to apply indelible ink to avoid anyone voting twice.
Whistlebloweři should have more protection, says Pickles.
Calls for more access to documents from meetings and decisions taken by unofficial committees or Pracovmí groups.
"This is not just about protecting against electoral fraud, but also protecting the local government from the broader corrupt environment and the financial scams that go hand in hand," he said.
The report required Downing Street as a result of the electoral scandal at Tower Hamlets in west London.
Last year the Special Electoral Court decided the incumbent mayor of Lutfur Rahman should be removed from his post after allegations of corruption and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman "cynically intervened" the religious sentiments of his Muslim community and silenced his criticisms of the allegations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman according to his words, "he led his campaign to be the religious duty of devout Muslims to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes have been challenged or as a result of identity theft, when a person votes to zě someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud throughout the country.
He expressed particular concern at the fraud of the correspondent vote-the claim that the older members of the Muslim community exerted pressure on people to vote for the candidate they chose.
Sir Eric, on the slide, gave a few recommendations on how to clean up the electoral system, including presenting a proof of identity
In his report, it states: "Evidence was provided that vulnerable members of certain ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, were exerted pressure to vote according to the will of the elders, particularly in the communities originating in Pakistan and Bangladesh."
"There was a concern that... State institutions have been confronted with such behavior because of" politically correct "hypersensitivity to ethnic origin and religion."
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations on how to clean up the system, including the fact that political activists would be banned from tampering with correspondence voices to prevent "the burden of votes."
The report, now evaluated by Theresa May, also calls for more thorough checks on registrations to prevent the use of electoral lists for immigration scams and fraud with benefits.
Consider asking voters to submit an identity document before voting.
Use indelible ink on people's fingers when voting to prevent someone from voting twice.
The implementation of systematic checks on the nationality of persons to ensure they can vote.
Requests for automatic correspondence voting limit for a period of three years.
Ban political agitátorůmers and activists to handled with votes correspondent voices and election envelopes.
Give the police permission to create a cordons around the polling rooms.
Amend the laws to make it easier to prosecute persons developing illegal coercion under the 1983 Reform Act.
Disable the taking of photographs in the polling rooms.
Require only the English (except Wales) to work in the polling rooms.
To strengthen training and ensure that workers adhere to the rule that voters go individually in the electoral booths.
Sir Eric criticises the London police and says that it is "surprising" that after the case Tower Hamlets has not raised any accusations of offenses.
"The electoral tribunal ruled out Lutfura Rahman and his agent for litany corruption and illegal practices," he said.
For a number of reasons he was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-in the strength of the evidence of the crime.
It also criticizes the unfinished "check box checks" in the voter registration departments at the Town Hall.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's decision of the court in the case of Tower Hamlets awakening.
Our nation has a proud legacy of the cradle of parliamentary democracy, but the troubling and hidden proliferation of electoral fraud and the state of refusal by some authorities threaten this reputation.
Craze Bicycle Dvojnicí Duchess Kate and other famous celebrities at the Olympics in Rio
Fans of olympijkých games in Rio 2016 this week have gone crazy to the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevotové, which is a strikingly similar Duchess from Cambridge.
But Čtyřiadvacetiletá Olympian is by far the only athlete who aspires for gold this year, which boasts its own double from among famous celebrities-at least not according to social networks.
To celebrate the Olympic Games in Rio and all the famous celebrities that are currently appearing on our screens, the column for women FEMAIL compiled a list of Olympians who are more than remotely similar to holywoodským celebrities.
Like hunted beasts: a member of the American team of Archers Brady Ellison (left) was likened from a little bit to Leonard Dicapriovi
In addition to Dvojnice Kate on the cycling track many people online quickly pointed out that a certain archer could be twined by the starry Leonard DiCaprio.
A competitor from the team of American archers Brady Ellison caused the Twitter storm after his shots emerged, which strikingly resembles the Wolf of Wall Street.
Brady himself noticed the media madness and confessed that about his similarity with Leo heard from a trifle.
"He doesn 't see any great resemblance, except perhaps the beard," Brady said for Huffington Post.
"He's a dude and he looks good, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will undoubtedly emphasised even more: a striking resemblance between the British jumper to the distance by Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
About the Russian gymnast Aliye Mustafinové with her large, výraznýma eyes, was said to be a copy of Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And when we look at the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been likened to the star of the series Gell Matthew Morrison for several years.
And for the change: the user thinks Nathan with the "athletic version" of the actor of the film origin (inception)
Another long comparison is to compare the tennis star Rafael has given and the actor Josh Hartnetta, who have similarly thick eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver swimmer Yuli Efimovová boasts not only the same dark skin and blond hair as AnnaLynne McCordová. And Nathan Adrian of the US team fans say he looks like the "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitta."
Savvy women: Hvěda Football Hope Solo (left) and the actress series Dexter (right) have a similar face and eye shape
Not only one: the Twitter user was very pleased that the similarities were noticed by other
On the waves of theory: According to this user, there may be a reason for similar appearance of pairs
One Twitter user recently expressed its satisfaction on the site that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are identical in truth."
The star of Hope Solo and the actress series Dexter Jennifer Carpenter have a really incredibly similar face and eye shape.
Among other popular comparisons is Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to the smiling actress Laura Linneyové, or the holder of the gold medal for gymnastics Gabby Douglas, proud of his wonderfully wide smile, which seemed to have copied the smile of Gabrielle Union, the star of the movie Bravo, Girls!
The commentator of the Olympic Games station CBC apologizes for the fact that the Chinese Plavkyni said he "blew out"
Spectators středečního live transmission from the Olympic Games at CBC station his analysis of the performance of fourteen Ai Yanhanové commentator Byron MacDonald. Swimmer ended fourth place of the women's race at 4x200 m relay free Style
The Canadian station CBC was forced to apologize after one of her commentators said that fourteen Chinese swimmer during the race "rod like Stink" and "blew".
The commentator Byron MacDonald thought his microphone was turned off when, at the end of the finale of the women's baton at 4x200 meters freestyle began to churn out his own views.
MacDonald, who had been to the team of CBC commentators to bring "revival", among other things, said, "that little fourteen from China gave up, you bláho."
Too much excitement, she pulled like a stink, blew up.
Thanks.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhanová (14) Uplavala second race relay at time 1:57.79-that is, 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Rucková and allowed Kanaďankám to tighten China.
Viewers in Canada began to reverberate quickly online and were horrified by the tone and language that the commentator used
Emmett Macfarlane wrote on Twitter: "said the announcer on CBC that fourteen swimmer from China" blew out "????"
The idiot didn 't notice he was still in the broadcast. "
Ai Yanhanová from China in the final of the women's relay race at 4x200 meters freestyle was described as: "The little 14letá from China gave up, you bláho."
The criticism of Byron MacDonald on Twitter came from all sides and many asked for its appeal
When Twitter users learn how to unresponsive Byron MacDonald's, they didn 't hold back
Another user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: ' Wow # ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and it sounds as if we were a bunch of racists. # disgust.
Soon thereafter, Scott Russel, who broadcast a CBC hosted, apologized for the lively comment of MacDonald and said, "Sorry for the commentary on the performance of the swimmer, who escaped the broadcast."
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we are sorry that this occurred. "
The CBC station eventually apologized to more than 90krát people who tweetovali in reply to the comment
A cocommentator Scott Russel had to apologize for the name of MacDonald's
CBC then copied and pasted their apologies to the reply for more than 90 Twitter users who complained about the commentator MacDonald's remarks
The station also quickly apologized and published statements.
He sincerely regrets that the words were spoken, not to get into the ether.
We quickly apologized to our viewers in the broadcast and to those who follow us on social networks.
To be clear, Byronovy comments pertained to the performance of swimmer, not swimmer itself.
In other words, it was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words. Byron apologises deeply for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, Byron MacDonald apologized in a live broadcast and tried to explain his remarks by saying that he did not want to sound like a personal attack.
"I would like to apologise now for the comment I said last night after the women's relay," he said in the broadcast from the Olympics at the CBC station.
"I meant the performance of swimmer and not the person swimmer as such."
"There is no need to say that I have no intention of disrespect, and I am very sorry."
Customers in Primark Pohoršeni a woman who unashamedly tried underwear in the middle of a store
When the woman undressed to try panties on the sales area in the middle of the Primark, shoppers were not sure which direction to watch.
To make it worse, she tried as her size fits, panties stripped and returned them back to the shelves.
She continued browsing and finally tried four pairs of panties in the shop at Bouverie Place in Flokestone shopping centre.
Shop Primark in the shopping centre Bouverie Place in Folkestone, where a woman tried panties before it returned to the rack
The mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the store at a given time, said that a mysterious woman, after trying her underwear, "dressed again and went out of business without buying anything."
She said, "people couldn 't believe their eyes."
She stood in the middle of the store, took panties from the bookshelf, stripped her own pantyhose and panties, and put them on.
"She didn 't even try to find a discreet place-just standing there, brazen like a monkey."
"Everyone was just staring at the undressed panties again, and apparently she didn 't like it because she'd returned them back to the shelves."
She did the same with three others before she finally decided she didn 't like her, dressed again and left.
"She didn 't seem to mind who she was, nor would she think of the man who was going to buy the panties she'd tried."
Miss Davidson (33), who lives in Kent, said, "the notion that someone will take the panties that someone else wore and no one has cleared them. That's disgusting."
The event occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Miss Davidson added, "When she left, I collected things that she evidently tried to withdraw from the sale-what is also the only right."
"I would have wondered if I'd bring my new panties home and find out she was wearing another woman, stripped them out, and wasn 't washed."
A spokesman for the trade Primark said: "Primark knows of an incident that occurred in our store at Folkestone on Tuesday, August 9th."
All the products concerned have been withdrawn from the sale.
How to defend against the attack of weapons by cows Maga
The world outside is dangerous, but thanks to this video from Dailymail.com could be a little safer for you.
We talked to Rhone Mizrachi, grandmaster of the Federation of Mags-based cows in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close range.
This video will show you how to suddenly get over the rapist's superiority, whether you přiblízí from the front or from behind.
If he approaches you from behind, says Mizrachi, then the first thing you have to do is turn to see your assailant and "have a free missile path".
Grasping then the weapon between his forearm and shoulder just before he uhodíte into his face with a loose elbow.
Then the knee is in the groin, and while the attacker writhings in pain, you shake the gun out of your hand, udeříte it into the face and start to subside, and keep the gun directed at him.
If an armed man is approaching you from the front, it is a similar technique-get your body out of the firing line, grasp the weapon and vykruťte it so that the villain could not shoot.
At the same time put the force in the weapon and hit the assailant in the chest, then the weapon from his grip vykruťte and start to retreat, still aim at him.
Does it sound complicated?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
But remember, the safest way to get out of the ambush-unless you're the Grand Master of the Cow Maga-is to release all the cash.
Travelers Ian Wright licks the dirtiest places in Europe to travel guide
The British traveler decided to undergo a heavy test of his immune system and emetic reflex-olizováním of the dirtier and nejnechutnějších places in Europe.
Moderator and author writer Ian Wright (51), originally from Suffolk, to prove the strength of his immune system oblízl his language euro banknote, railing at Piccadilly Circus, Button Splachovadla in the restroom on the train and Russian public telephone.
Before the oblíznutím of each subject, he used Luminometer to show himself and all of us what he was doing.
The experiment on the basis of which the film Lickhiker's Guide to Inner strength was filmed, however, brought interesting results.
The idea of a lick button flusher on a train that used thousands of other people may seem utterly creepy, however the kitchen sink is actually a lot more harmful to bacteria.
Throughout his travels across Europe, Ian Wright spoke with doctors and specialists in health care to strengthen the bacteria of the intestinal flora and their own health.
Fortunately, none of what he licked had left him worse than a bad taste.
Ian Wright is famous for testing the resilience of her gut on the road around the world and eating strange and amazing things.
During this mission, he tested his immune system completely safely-from public railings at train stations to Splachovadlo
In the film he made about it, he says, "I haven 't cared much about my health since I was a kid, and I've made everything possible, from clay to eating worms and muddying water."
He certainly confirmed his reputation in the film.
The only thing he refused was dirty public toilets in Russia.
After a simple smear luminometer showed the value of more than 4000 units.
For comparison, freshly washed hands should have less than 60.
One public toilet in Russia but Lick declined after his luminometer showed more than 4000 units, while freshly washeded hands have less than 60
Ian Wright and the Finnish dairy manufacturer Valio made a a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to inner strength, which shows the numbers of bacteria in various places, such as in the bathroom
He said in the film, "This is almost the ugliest thing I've ever felt in the toilet."
Nothing dirtier than this one doesn 't exist!
I won 't suck anything because it's disgusting here.
The film Lickhiker's Guide to Inner strength was filmed in cooperation with the Finnish dairy manufacturer Valio.
The company has provided Mr. Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains lactic acid bacteria and vitamins C and D, which help people to strengthen intestinal bacteria and immune systems.
Niko Vuorenmaa, senior vice president of Valio for snacks, juices and new categories, said: "We wanted to offer consumers something really new.
Something that would have followed the passion while allowing us to explain the benefits of probiotics.
We invented a lot of crazy ideas that ended with the idea of "call Ianovi."
It is said that an interest in bowel health becomes a global phenomenon.
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a broader context – good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of health of the intestines and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in healthy bowels is a global phenomenon, and through this document we have in an interesting way brought to consumers more detailed information.
I also think that a great sense of humor appears in the movie!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, adds: "Let's say it this way, Ian would lose my respect if he licked something I wanted him to-like that disgusting Russian toilet that appeared in the film."
Lick some things have been naturally easier for IANA, others get pretty hard.
I'm glad we lick some of the dirty things they made. "
In 2015, Valio conducted a survey that 84 percent of respondents combined lactic acid bacteria mainly with the health of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent of respondents said they at least occasionally use products containing added lactic acid bacteria.
The family of socially needed before eviction by municipal building in the town of Saltash in Cornwall
The family of socially needed left a damage of 50 000 pounds at their municipal house after they were accused of terrorizeing their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldonová and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were evicted from the house in the city of Saltash, Cornwall, after a long line of complaints against them.
After their violent eviction from the house, the housing officials were shocked when they found out that the property was in a state of emergency.
There were holes in the walls, the floor covering was ragged, and the were garbage and walls were počmáranéed all over the floor.
The family has already moved and is considered to live in private accommodation
Donna McEvoyová, the director of housing in Cornwall Housing said she was concerned that she was going to save the house.
She said, "It was a nightmare for the people, and I don 't think people should live like this.
Many circumstances need to be considered, because this property will probably fit into the awareness as a "not so nice part" of Cornwall.
This family is notorious and their names are notorious.
The couple have three sons who were occasionally staying in the house, and the police said that Hrůzovláda, which the family had acted, belonged to street fights using baseball karthika, intimidation of the surrounding population, drug use, drug distribution and loud shouting, quarrels and swearing.
Skeldonové (47), whose name was mentioned on the lease, was given a penalty for antisocial behavior in June.
In several rooms in the house, which may be demolished, smelling garbage was found.
In the house, where distributed drugs were in the past, Vytrhaná floor coverings were
Neighbors say they saw them in the street, getting a pen, and regularly here people called the police
Cornwall Housing Ji and her partner forcibly moved out of the House this week after having received an additional period of 11 weeks to emigrate voluntarily.
The neighbors who were relieved were welcomed to emigrate, with their lives being a living hell.
One of them said, "They didn 't care about anyone."
We lived next to them for 20 years and it was always like this.
The number of times we've seen the police here is impossible to count.
"We couldn 't sleep this morning."
We got up because there was an incredible silence-we're not used to it!
It's gonna be nice when they're gone.
Adam Fitzpatrick, a supervisory manager in the vicinity of Cornwall Housing, said the family failed to cooperate with local authorities.
Family in the house lived for 20 years, the house was regularly přivolávána police
Rubbish and old toys were in the overgrown part of the municipal house
He adds, "it is a shame that tenant has failed to accept responsibility for his own behavior and for his family's behavior. The eviction is always the last step that Cornwall housing is considering.
This was a very complicated case, because their behavior was extreme, and their actions, according to a witness, had to frighten her neighbors.
I appreciate all the work done by my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall and the members of the local community who have braved us.
I hope that this step will bring a little comfort to the neighbors and, at the same time, bear the message that we will not tolerate the unsocial behavior.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons of tenant, who lived in the house at different times, were around 20 years old.
Dirty mattress, which, after removal, remained on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house
Workers will now have to remove piles of rubbish that remained thrown around the house
In 2014, she carried a raid in the house and found over 70 grams of hemp, weights, equipment and 1 700 pounds in cash.
Skeldonová got a fine when she was found guilty for holding class B drugs that she wanted to sell.
She claimed that the money was destined for the foundations of the House for her son, Lee Skeldona, who died in automobile accident in 2013.
It is considered that Tanya and her partner after eviction now live in private accommodation in Plymouth.
The walls in many rooms of the house were painted with graffiti.
Police say they will strive to evict tenants who violate the rules of their tenancy agreements
Angela Crow of police Denovu and Cornwall said the eviction was a clear message for other tenants who would continue to violate the rules.
"This is a message to all those who think they can behave with impunity, and those who would like to follow this behavior," she said.
Police Denovu and Cornwall will never tolerate criminal and nonsocial behavior and will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal were terrified after a low flight of a military jet aircraft above the beach
Tourists who enjoyed the sun's rays in the Portuguese Aveiru were terrified to death
The Portuguese Military Air Force P-3c Orion Přelétával up incredibly low
The military Air Force declared that it was a practice flight and insisted that there was no danger to security
When a low-flying jet swooped over a crowded beach, panic was gripped by frightening tourists.
Dramatic shots show how the military plane is getting to the distance from the sunning people on the sandy beach of Aveiro, northern Portugal.
The tourists started to rise after the noise of the jet engines was zneklidnil, without seeing what had emerged from the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon at Costa Nova near the city of Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several holidaymakers who published videos a dramatic crossing on social networks, said, "The plane flew twice really low and at one point it seemed to tumble."
Nuno Arroja adds: "I surfed and I really thought my plane would fall on my head."
Tourists on the beach in Aveiru were horrified when a plane flying low from the darkness appeared
Today, the Portuguese military Air Force declared that the P-3c Orion pilot was on a practice flight to identify a fishing boat off the coast and had to bear low, because it was the only way to check the ship.
The airplane allegedly flew a little lower than normal because of poor visibility caused by smoke from nearby forest fires. The Air Force, however, insists that human security has not been compromised.
Forest fires destroyed part of mainland Portugal this summer and claimed four victims of the lives of the island of Madeira.
Today, the Portuguese military Air Force declared that the pilot had to fly low due to thick fog and smoke from fires that prevented him from looking
The aircraft was on a practice flight, and the pilot was asked to identify the fishing vessel as part of the training.
Half of the funeral services do not comply with the rules.
Half of the funeral service providers do not comply with the legislation.
The Czech Commercial Inspection (CTIA) found this in the second quarter's checks.
The funeral services do not most often inform the survivors of their prices or issue written confirmation of receipt of the order.
CTIA for this imposed 41 fines in the total value of CZK 73,000.
Today, it was informed by her spokesman Jiří Fröhlich.
Inspectors found faults at 47 of 95 inspections.
In addition to not being informed about prices and missing endorsements, some funeral services also sold products or provided services at different prices than agreed.
In five cases the products sold have not been properly labelled and once the seller has used an officially unverified measuring instrument.
The inspection therefore prohibited the sale of 23 products for a total of 7077 crowns.
This included packaging on urns, candles and vases which were not properly labelled with mandatory information.
"Given that there is still a violation of the law in this specific area of services, the control action will continue in the next quarter of this year," added Fröhlich.
The London schoolgirl, who joined the IS, was killed in Syria
It was announced that Kadiza Sultan, one of the three British girlss who had left London last year to join the IS, died in Syria.
Legal representative Tasnime Akunjee said that the family had learned of her death in the Syrian 4.5 a few weeks ago.
ITV News on Thursday announced that it was probably killed during the Russian air attack in 4.5, which is the bastion of the group in the country.
The Sultan was 17 years old, and according to her family, she died just as she prepared to flee from a war-ridden country and to return to Britain.
"Man wants to believe that the only good thing on the whole of the matter-as a message and warning for others, that these are the real dangers associated with the road to the war zone-is that they discourage people from ever making decisions," Akunjee said.
Sultana and two other schoolgirls from the east of London joined the plane to Turkey in February 2015 and then into the bus to the border with Syria.
The Sultana family learned that in Syria she married the IS-a warrior in a few months widowed.
Reid says that if Clinton is elected, he leaves Garland as a candidate for the Supreme Court.
The leader in the Senate for the Democratic Party of Harry Reid says that he is convinced that the presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton nominates Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court in the case of his election.
The Republicans in the Senate have blocked the Garlandovo appointment, even if President Barack Obama nominated it as early as March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnel says the person who will replace the late Judge of the Supreme Court will elect a future president.
Reid, during a conference call on Thursday, said he believed that Clinton would choose Garland "with a certain degree of credibility."
Reidova spokesman later stated that Clinton did not speak directly about whether Garland nominated, and that he only speculated.
He appreciated Garland and said that the Clinton team would choose someone else wouldn 't want to "rock the ship".
Garland is chairman of the Federal Court of Appeal in Washington.
Reid said the Republicans who block the Garlandovo appointment are "Minions" and "Minion" Republican candidates for presidential office Donald Trump.
He said Trump didn 't fit in the office.
According to the treats magazine, there are nude calendars for "women and men"
The treats magazine works closely with photographer David Bellemerem to issue a calendar for 2017, inspired by the 1970 's Pirelli calendar.
But instead of revealing well-known personalities, it tries to find the next generation of top models for his calendar 2017 Nu muses.
The president of the treats Steve Shaw has told us earlier this year that his magazine full of nudity is different from Playboy's old school because "Playboy is for men."
I do it for women.
Evidently he believes that the calendar also.
"We must return to the depiction of timeless and classic nudity, when women and men feel comfortable and are inspired by photographs of the woman's body," Shaw said in a press release to issue the calendar.
Women want to be part of this project because it is a wonderful piece of art.
Models can send their images online or in person during open competitions in Los Angeles and New York.
Where to go vinyl: Who really buys gramophone records?
Vinyl loves lonely men in middle age.
Before you decide to engulf the comments section with Peprnými remarks under the pseudonym NeVšichniOsamělíMužiVeStřednímVěku, we note that this statement is based on actual data.
According to YouGov, the so-discussed resurrection of gramophone records is linked not to the boom of mileniálů, who want to enjoy the originality of the actual physical object, but with the nostalgia of middle-aged.
Those who recently bought the album on vinyl are most likely people between the ages of 45 and 54 years.
Young people aged 18-24 are at least likely.
It's not really about hoarding enthusiastic-the whole thing has an emotional dimension: the older people who buy record labels are more likely to want to retain their feelings (56% versus 53%) and are happy for themselves (69% versus 66%).
But are the results YouGov true?
If this blog was broadcast as a television report, I would have watched the camera as I headed into a busy street in Soho, dressed in a decent grey suit and broadly gestikulujied. Then I would have stopped, drew my hands and said something authoritative, like, "Let's see it."
Let's take a look at it.
While the heart of Soho is slowly vanishing from its charm and charm-the buildings once occupied by independent retailers are now filled with hotels, restaurants and eateries, outfitters and office supplies-some fantastic specialist shops with Gramofonovými slabs still remained.
I'd probably ask the camera to stop filming for a while. I will build close to the various men in these stores and try to see what their age and emotional mood is.
Stuart (55), a native of Glasgow, whom I follow from Sister Ray (counts: Two young women, three middle-aged men) to reckless records (counts: Eight middle-aged men, one woman around 20) has an afternoon meeting in London and is looking at shops to fill a few hours of time.
I ask him if he is a collector.
"I think so," he says.
I have about 3 or 4 thousand recordings.
All the tapes line the walls of his living room-the picture above (the photo sent me by email, I didn 't follow him to home).
This huge number of albums and singles is also due to the fact that he can afford it: he can now buy record labels that he couldn 't afford when they were originally coming, and rebuys what he sold in his youth and didn 't even dime.
"Much of what you're buying is from the late 1960s and early 1970s. These are the things that would be issued when I was 11 or 12. I was too small then," he says.
They agree that those who buy the recordings are probably introverts who love the company themselves. and adds: "I don 't smoke and not much drink.
This is my sin.
Wez (25) works in Sister Ray and also thinks that many of the customers they meet will fit into the profile of YouGov.
He also noticed a new influx of people affected by the media wave. People who have heard of the comeback and felt compelled to buy their old gramophone records back.
According to my conversations, the people of their collections dumped most often between 1998 and 1999.
Customers who once sold their gramophone records and bought CDSS now sell their CDs to buy their record labels back, "he says.
This could explain the boom of record lovers of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of the gramophone records?
It will not take you more than a few seconds to find in a shop like Phonica that you will find a nice community of people with similar sentiments in music stores.
According to Weze, some older customers are particularly pohoršeni by the non-contact system.
Some of the recorders in the digital world can feel overwhelmed and have opted for the familiar environment of record labels, things that evoke memories of peaceful adolescence.
"I think that filling the gap or doing something tangible can bring some comfort," says Wez.
I'm a collector myself, and I think it's a lot of people, too.
It's an easy way to fill a place in your head.
"We are all like their social workers!" a collaborator from a pile of records is coming.
The ICM survey in April revealed that almost 50% of people who had bought a vinyl album a month earlier had not yet listened to it.
According to the survey, 41% of the interviewees, who never used it, while 7% of those who buy gramophone records, have no turntable.
At this point of the report he was probably looking seriously concerned at the crawling pile of Compilací bossa nova.
The aspect of the "trophy" and the revival of interest is something that has spotted Jonny (42), which works in Sounds of the universe (number: Three middle-aged men).
"Someone has recently come and said," I don 't have a turntable yet, but I want to buy on the Radiohead plate so we can expose it on a shelf, "" he says.
The percentage of such is not large, but it occurs.
It's more about the product page than the music.
People go to us who say, "I don 't have a turntable."
These are the younger people, not the older ones, the grown-up teenagers who are getting into it.
Fopp, where almost one floor is currently reserved for record labels, has more diverse visitors when I arrive.
There are couples sedmdesátníků, tourists who do photos, teenagers and women of middle age.
While the atmosphere is not as much relaxed as the shops earlier-from the loudspeakers instead of tahavého jazz echoes the latest pop from wild beasts full of synthesizers and sex, it is good to see different customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but intrusive mental trauma is hard to estimate when you're standing 30 seconds next to someone.
Elanora (27) takes a few minutes in the Fopp to browse and view different records at a discount.
He's one of those who's looking at the expenses rather than spending feverishly.
According to his words, he does not earn much, so it is not possible to think that the gramophone records would be collected.
It costs a lot of money.
It's easy to listen to music on your computer or something like that. But the record labels have their magic... "Povzdychne.
I can 't explain it-it's unique.
My last stop is the shop, which allegedly inspired the new generation of record label lovers: Urban Outfitters.
I pretend I'm very impressed with the girls ' calves in clamped jeans and watching a group of teen girls who are just bursting around Polaroid cameras. Then father and daughter decide to buy a turntable Crosley.
On the left is a staircase whose wall conceals Adele's records, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Maca: A mixture of contemporary and classical music, the basis of any average collection of records.
No one is looking at them-perhaps because they are just for decoration and some are so high on the wall that they cannot be reached.
It's a purely "vinyl trick".
But because any attraction to him could mean more money for the industry and send a few customers to the depths of Soho for the next, there's not much to complain about.
It is no surprise that the demographic area, where more time and money is more likely than in other areas, is also where it is most spent on the most luxurious goods that vinyl is sure to be.
But, while my findings seem that the results of the YouGov are accurate--at least in the Gramofonovými-board stores, they do not take into account the large number of collectors and vinyl lovers who exist, in fact, in shops with gramofonovými boards and online forums.
These people are probably working hard in schools or offices.
They certainly don 't spend Thursday morning potulováníming the shops with Gramofonovými plates on Berwick Street, browsing the records and avoidance looking at the strange, Třicetiletéholy false television presenter who hides behind the back of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland Shark is the longest living vertebrate-videoreportáž
According to scientists, Greenland shark has the longest median life expectancy of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies the Sharks, says that the recording shows the female whose age is estimated to be between 272 and 512 years and measures five meters
The Court of France refused to demolish the stores in the Jungle refugee camp
The court in France rejected the order of the offices in Calais to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the jungle camp where thousands of refugees live.
During the court hearing this week the authorities in Calais argued that the state should be able to cancel a total of 72 makeshift trades, where the people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer hair clipping, in makeshift restaurants selling tea for 50 cents or basic dishes for several euros.
The prefect's office in Calais argued that places must be demolished because they represent a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and because they pose a risk of fire and health risks.
The humanitarian organisations in court stated that the shops and restaurants were vital and that free meals offered by the state-sponsored associations and other groups did not provide a meal supplement for the growing numbers of refugees in the camp.
Contentious makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to people in need.
The court in Lille decided that there was no legal basis to prevent people from 72 makeshift trades, but stated that the opposition of the prefect of Calais was "quite understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said that food outlets, cafes and restaurants have a much greater role than serving food to people who "live in extremely desperate conditions."
He said the premises provide quiet places to meet refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened with demolition was a cafe in the camp, Jungle Book Kids, which is run by a non-profit organization and which daily offers 200 meals, hours of English and French and asylum advice for hundreds of endangered unaccompanied minors in the camp.
A petition to protect the "children's" cafés has signed more than 170 000 people.
The Guardian received a letter by which the coffee shop would "be a disaster for these children, some of them are only 8 years old."
The charity help Refugess and L ' auberge des Migrants estimated that the number of refugees in the camp after a steep increase in arrivals over the summer rose to more than 9 000--which is still the most at the time.
He thought he was dead.
Ulč raises himself and the volleyball mouth.
"I was able to train normally since March," he reported at the start of the summer preparations in full force.
What were you doing?
I had a double-sided pulmonary embolism, and that's why I had heart problems.
Because when I was on University in Korea, I didn 't know I had any blood problems.
So the trouble caused a long flight to Asia?
I had a clot in my calf for two years and I didn 't know about it.
It hurt me, nobody found anything.
Then the clot got up.
There's a broken vein in the calf, it's going to hurt all the time, especially when the weather's works or changing.
But nothing to limited me, rather an aesthetic thing.
Were you worried about life?
Should.
Last year at the summer tournament in Dřevěnicích I didn 't know I had an embolism, and I couldn 't move any more.
I threw up blood in the evening.
The doctors told me it was completely different, I was still five days out of the question.
I really thought I was dead in Dřevěnicích, my friend and family.
I've seen somewhere else.
How did you get that?
I guess I had to do it, now it'll only go up.
I know I have some blood problems that I need to watch more when I fly.
But we can do everything.
Just when I wanted to go back to Příbram in the first year, there were still problems with the heart.
Now everything's fine.
Since March I have kondičně prepared myself at home to be able to play again.
I knock it off, I'm physically better off than before.
What do you expect from the mouth?
I'm looking forward, the bunch looks good, most guys I know.
I'm curious about the other two strangers who come.
Perhaps we can sit down humanly to pasovalo it together.
Do you pick up the mouth?
It had a reputation of otloukánka, but every season is different.
Two years ago, Brno was the eighth, and now the second was over.
There's a new team in the mouth, only a few players left.
It was the last in Extraliga, so there is a great room to improve.
How we use it is up to us.
We'll see after the first rounds, who will be Otloukánek, we don 't.
is the guarantee of success Coach Brom?
He is already experienced and has experienced a lot, will think of better than the last place.
But my coming with this been, I arranged sooner.
There were other trainers in the game, with one I'm a big friend and it was agreed to be here to act.
I won 't say the name.
In the end, Mr. Brom came and I liked.
He has a big name, he was in good clubs, he coached a lot of decades, he is a former good player.
He's moving us up.
What will you bring?
This team will be fighting, which is my position.
I like to fight, like to Hecuju and I like to get an opportunity in a not so top team.
I was two years in Příbram, but the mouth is more challenging than being in the sixth team since it starts from the bottom.
You mentioned foreigners, the Australian Boehm is already training in the mouth.
What's it look like?
I know him by coincidence, on university we played against each other in the group.
And we had a couple of times together, and sometimes we sat together in the evening after the matches, so we also met Kamarádsky.
We beat them 3:1, I immediately gave him the start of summer training in the mouth of lavished.
He has a Slovak girlfriend, is nice.
American Nadazdin and Brazilian are still arriving.
Do you know anything about them?
I wrote with an American, he looks like a fine boy, Brazilian who knows how to speak English.
You contacted the American?
It seemed like a good idea.
I am recorder, the one who makes up, I should communicate with all of them.
I immediately found out what this is for the players, I find on the internet as he plays, I saw some videos.
It seemed quite cool, the boy jumps, tall is.
On Facebook We wrote a few messages, seemed like a teaser, it snaps to us.
How do you look forward to the position of Nahrávačské number one?
I didn 't want to take anything else.
I'm twenty-four, and I have no nature to take turns.
I'd rather be in the center of Action, I'd rather have a team to lead him to someone else.
I probably wouldn 't want to play if I were to be a second recorder and devote myself to it for a full time. If something is not done to the full, it's worth a fart.
How many times have you been number one?
Half in Příbram, if it wasn 't Kustovi as captain, he wound up, then there were problems with the money and he left.
Ever since we climbed up and I played all the time.
In Brno, which I am a alternated, I am a number one and a second.
An excellent year was in the old town, after it I had a lot of offers and chose just příbram.
From there, Budejovice wanted me, I stayed, but I didn 't finish the season because of the embolism.
Now it's a new beginning.
Gold number 22.
Short Polohovka remains the Phelps domain.
"To be on the podium again and hear the hymn is sweet as always," said Phelps, and his eyes were full of tears.
His fiancée and mother again jásalyed in the auditorium, the son of Boomer slept peacefully with headphones.
I'm experiencing an unreal week at the end of my career.
It's crazy-20 years ago I started to swim and in a few hours it will be over, he said moved.
In the finals of Phelps for nearly two seconds, the silver Japanese Kosuke Hagin, who won a long polohovku.
Bronze won the Chinese Wang Shun, a bronze medalist in this discipline from last year's world championships.
After Alu Oerterovi (disc) and Carl Lewis (distance), Michael Phelps is a third athlete who dominated the same discipline on four games in a row.
After most of the race, he and Phelps were holding another American Ryan, and the home Thiago Perreira.
While the advocate of gold in the final kraulařské of the Fifties had deployed to the overwhelming finiši, they fell outside the medal positions.
The American superhero will still have at least one chance in Rio to expand his unique medal collection.
Shortly after the solemn announcement of the Polohovky, he proceeded to the final of the race at 100 metres of butterfly.
The legend could not overshadow even a compatriot, Ryan Murphy, who won the Znakařský double-after 100 won a double track in Rio.
In the finals he left the 37 hundredths of the Australian swimmer Mitchell Larkin, the third ended with the Russian Yevgeny Rylov.
While from last year's world championships Murphy has only fifth place from 20, in Rio he became a Znakařským king.
From the imaginary throne, Larkin deposed the same double as the world championships.
At the Olympics, he won the medal only now.
On Kraulařské Hundred, Canadian Penny Oleksiaková and American woman Simone Manuel shared the gold.
For 16 Oleksiakovou It was the fourth medal on these Games, for Manuel the second after the silver from the baton.
Swimming gold won on Oh as the first Afroameričanka in history.
I believe I can be an inspiration to others.
This medal is for all those who come after me, sport will become love for them and they will get to where I am, said Manuel, moved.
The third was Swedish Sarah Sjöströmová, who in Rio in the world record won a race of 100 metres of butterfly and still has silver from Kraulařské 20.
Until the sixth world Rekordmanka Australian Cate Campbell.
Prsařskou Dvoustovku won the Japanese Rie Kanetová, for which it is the first Olympic medal in 27 years.
He has no valuable metal even from the world championships, its maximum was the fourth place in this discipline in 2013.
The second silver in Rio was awarded to Russia by Yuliya Jefimovová, who was struggling to hostility spectators and rivals due to the launch of the games despite the doping past.
I made a big mistake once.
But I won the court and I don 't know why I should still answer these questions.
I'm terribly tired, ' said the Russian swimmer.
The right of launch in Rio has been reclaimed at the special board sports arbitration just before the game begins.
They dealt with my appeal and I won.
If anyone likes it or not, or if he has a different opinion, whether to turn to the arbitration court, she added.
Hermann: Disappointing, we could win.
And start at midnight?
I don 't remember.
Czech have experienced a special day.
Only less than an hour before the match, they learned the opposite.
They had to handle tactical training.
And then, at an unusual time, the game started on the small court number 1.
The first set did not start well, then they reached the edge of the opponent, but under the condition 19:19 did not dominate the endgame.
In the second, they were clearly better and flattened, but the decisive tie-break didn 't come out.
In particular, a number of broken services meant losing 10:15 and saying goodbye to the Olympic tournament.
"We could have beaten Russian," Hermann regretted.
How would you evaluate a match?
Hermann: After an unfortunate start before I rozehrála, we got into the game beautifully.
In the end of the last balloon, I flew the income I had used to.
We lost the set, which was crucial.
In the next set we joined them with an overview on the pitch, another defense and we pushed for service.
In tie-break was terribly spoiled submission, there we ubralyed after this page.
It was disappointing because we could beat Russian.
S: A pity at the beginning of the first set, it ran away.
We were able to download it, but bodíky we were missing.
The second set was great and the third was the service.
We made too many mistakes.
We gave them five points, and the five of these were, there's a lot of weight.
It's a shame because Russian have been playable.
How did you play on the small yard number 1?
S: Similar to that in China on the side yards.
The ambience and atmosphere were different.
It was one o'clock at night, complete silence, music did not play, nothing.
That was the difference from the center.
We wouldn 't choose such conditions, but we can 't choose.
What was the preparation for the match when you found your opponent's names an hour before the match?
Hermann: She was special.
We began to practise on the game without knowing the opponents, so we could not do tactical training like other teams.
But Simon (coach Nausch) has has the tactics of almost all the possibilities that were there.
He had a lot of papers with tactics, so after this page we were quite well prepared.
Do you remember that you would ever start a game at midnight?
Hermann: No.
We played at half-past eleven, but not at twelve.
Block Russian Birlovové in the play-off round on the OH in Rio.
The beach shocker Markéta S and Barbora Hermann in a hug in the playoffs on the OH in Rio.
Was it annoying?
S: By having played the last two games in a group since ten, we had the regime shifted earlier.
This was two hours more.
It's strange, I can 't imagine that another sport has athletes who must serve their best performance at twelve o'clock.
But I think we've prepared the best we could.
We knew it would be, but it's not quite typical, and probably it won 't be my favorite time to play.
How do you rate the Olympic experience?
Hermann: Since the group was our goal, it's all right, good.
We did what we said.
But now after the game I'm sad.
S: I'm going to get out of this and I'll just be positive at the Olympic tournament from tomorrow.
Big Brother is here, comes the first Šmírovací sim.
You won 't escape her.
The new rules should apply to all persons without a Thai passport who choose to purchase a SIM from one of the local operators during their stay in Thailand.
Not only to tourists, but also to those with long-term visa, which in Thailand, for example, work or there have been married.
The Secretary-General of the National Broadcasting Office and the Telecommunications Commission, Takorn Tantasith, informed the fact that there would be no exceptions.
The SIM sales plan intended exclusively for foreigners introduced the national telecommunication regulator in early August.
The authorities intend to introduce new measures to monitor their position within six months.
According to Tantasitha, it is a means of maintaining national security, which will allow the against of foreigners to address the criminal activity.
The so-called tourist Sim also has the help to detect people who exceed their allowed length of stay.
In the case of retailers, a special sim for foreigners should appear alongside the SIM intended exclusively Thais within half a year.
The differences will be the tracking function, which will be permanently turned on for cards addressed to persons without a Thai passport.
It will not be turned off.
"This feature is not a SIM for Thai, because we can always follow it easily," added Tantasith.
It should be added that there are no anonymous prepayments in Thailand as in the Czech Republic.
The seller requires proof of identity.
On the other hand, for several years one of the operators has been giving away free starter SIM to tourists at airports.
So they were completely anonymous.
The imposition of the same measure as Thailand also considers ten telecoms regulators from other Asian countries, including Malaysia and Singapore.
There are currently mandatory SIM registrations, but legal use of the tracking system is not possible.
However, the forthcoming measure does not imply an obligation for foreigners to acquire a local SIM when entering the country.
They can of course use roaming services with their own home sim, in which case the Thai authorities will be short on them.
The country's operators, after crossing the border, i.e. after the SIM is logged in to their network, only know the relevant network information.
They know the phone number, but not the owner's information.
However, the difference in roaming prices compared to local operator rates is so abysmal that most tourists will start to look the local sim during their stay in Thailand.
The efforts of the authorities to oversee the movement of foreigners are legally received from foreigners living in Thailand by immediate criticism.
The Tantasith situation reassures and, in the context of privacy protection, the forthcoming system equates to the obligation to provide a residential address in immigration documents.
Moreover, the police will need a court order to monitor a particular person if necessary.
Any abuse of the system will be subject to an undetermined punishment.
"If the service provider is to monitor the location of the SIM without a court order, he will be accused of a criminal act," added Tantasith.
In addition, the system should maximise the use of prepaid cards.
While a specific number is currently recycled until after the 90-day period after which the SIM Nepřihlásila to the network, the new number could be restored after leaving Thailand after fifteen days.
A luxury apartment in new Vinohrady has a swimming pool and a hot tub on the terrace.
Why did you choose an apartment in new?
We've been looking for a carefree apartment where most of the real estate care is an administrator.
The condition was sufficient parking spaces and a lift in the house, which essentially disqualified the older buildings.
Not to mention problematic acoustics in old houses, problems with swinging floors, high energy intensity and the like.
The condition was also large terraces, which the old building is not able to offer.
Other interesting visits can be found in the magazine modern apartment.
The whole interior was designed by architect Lenka Langer with his colleague Kamil Polák from the studio Artiga.
Why did you approach them?
Would you recommend cooperation with an expert to anyone?
We would recommend cooperation with the architect to everyone, if it proposes an apartment from the outset, it is a very complex technical process.
The second plane is the interior design itself: The designers have a significantly better idea of the range of possible materials and, based on the wishes of the client, they are able to align the interior appropriately.
With the architect Lenka Langer we cooperated already on our mountain apartment, then on the basis of personal recommendation of another client, and since everything worked well, it was a clear choice for us to renovate our new flat in Vinohrady.
What were your practical and aesthetic requirements?
We wished a generous social-living space with adequate facilities for the A family of conceived as a modern but not cool interior.
The priority was to achieve the connection of the apartment with the terraces and realize the intelligent control of the household.
And of course it was necessary to uhlídat the quality of the design.
Have you left everything on experts, or did you encroaching yourself into the final appearance of the interior?
All designs including technical drawings and samples of materials are approved, but the design has always come from architects.
At the outset, we set out what we expected from the design and showed some elements of the interior that we would like to incorporate into the design, such as rugs or paintings.
I think that our collection of mostly Czech authors including works by Karel Malich, Karel Vysušila, Václav Gallery or Otto Gutfreund the architect helped to orient himself in our tastes.
Also, the combination of black, white and walnut was an idea of architects as well as individual pieces of furniture, walls, floor, lighting, carpets, textiles, art, etc. to make sure that everything blends together, then we verified them together using visualizations.
Have there been any complications in realizing that you had to give up your original ideas or get new ones?
Perhaps only in the introductory phase of the project, when we came to the building at the moment when it was first possible to ascend to the height of our floor, and found that the vistas we had planned, actually shadows the surrounding buildings.
At that time, we had changed the disposition literally overnight.
Granite was used on the kitchen line and on the lining of the fireplace wall.
The interior is dominated by wooden surfaces with leather, such as the upholstery of dining and bar chairs standard from Arperu.
How would you interior characterized?
Are you going to make any changes or is there anything you wish to have different today?
I believe it is a modern airy interior, which in particular fulfills its purpose.
We do not intend to change, most of the modifications after the move took place in the plane of screening and the housing of terraces.
Perhaps the only complaint is to the floor when Walnut wood shows us as too sensitive to the dog's household.
Word of architect, Ing. Arch. Lenka Langer and MGA. Kamila Haddadin, author of realization.
The apartment is on the last floor of the new building, so it was possible to complete a complete relayout solution and several other modifications within the construction.
For the interior is an important element of the placement of světlovodů into the ceiling corridors and main toilets.
By this we got daylight into the darker spaces of the apartment.
Also direct access from the main bathroom to the rooftop terrace to the swimming pool from USSPA is one of the building modifications that was very beneficial for the function of the whole apartment.
It also has a swimming pool and a hot tub.
Compared to the French, you are not negative, says a Muslim living in Prague.
You come from France.
Where did you live before you moved to Prague?
My parents are originally from Algeria.
I was born in the south of France, a short distance from the Spanish border.
Quite a bit I moved.
I lived in Toulouse, Lyon and Marseille.
In France, I graduated from journalism, which is why I got to work in a magazine.
So why did you decide to move out of the country?
I was beginning to feel that I was suffocating in France.
I just didn 't want to live there.
Especially because of the atmosphere between people.
It came to me that every Frenchman was very negative.
People in France are negatively attuned in general, but it has been aggravated lately.
It's interesting that you mention just negativity.
Some people like this are the Czech nature.
Believe me, you're not negative compared to the French.
Some people may not be in this way when they come to France, because they don 't perceive it as tourists.
But it was too much for me.
Money is a big topic.
People feel they have little money, while the minimum wage in France is fifteen hundred euros, which I think is enough.
Now there's a problem with the behavior of people towards Muslims.
This is completely incomprehensible to me.
For example, in the street I lived in, my non-Muslim neighbor began to look at me through my fingers just because I'm a Muslim.
As if I were evil.
That's why I wasn 't feeling well in France.
My family stayed there.
So you decided to go to another country.
Why did you choose the Czech Republic?
I've been looking for a job virtually anywhere else, and I've come across a vacancy with Air France here in Prague.
I admit I didn 't know at the beginning of the threshold.
I knew something about the Czech Republic, my father even told me about what happened in Czechoslovakia, but I didn 't know what to expect from Prague.
I've been here for three years now, and I can 't imagine I didn 't live here.
Was it a big difference when you moved from France to Prague?
Mainly due to a completely different atmosphere.
Maybe it's because I don 't speak Czech, so I can 't catch any negative reactions or swearing, but I feel that people are freer here.
That I can do anything, dress in any way, and nobody will judge me.
In France, someone is still looking at you unpleasantly, perhaps when you have special clothes and the like.
I started to feel really free in Prague.
Prague Don 't care about such things.
Where are you working now?
After a job in Air France, I worked for a single travel site for a while.
Then, with one friend, we set up a Web site where people offer and search for shared living.
We are only working in Prague, but we would like to extend this to the whole of central Europe.
Do you have any Czech friends in Prague?
I have two very close friends, who are Czechs from the middle, and two friends Czech.
I must say that the other specificity of Czechs is that it is at first a distance.
They're not gonna let anybody get to the body.
This is quite the difference from the place where I grew up.
In the south, everyone is embraced and kissing to face.
Here it is different, but I understand that it is a cultural matter, so I try to adapt.
You mentioned you didn 't speak Czech.
Is the language barrier a problem for you?
On the contrary, I'm pretty simple in Prague, because perhaps everyone here speaks English.
Even in večerkách or in food.
I'd like to learn Czech, but I don 't have much time.
and by allowing everyone to communicate at least a little in English, I don 't need to learn the language quickly.
And every time I have a problem, there's someone who can help me.
Have you met any negative reactions?
Maybe because you're a Muslim?
Not really.
Maybe it's also because I work in an international environment that is more tolerant.
One experience I think.
My manager, Czech, once told me about the French football team and said something in the sense: they're not French, but Africans.
It's been quite touching me.
But that someone had a problem with being a Muslim, I haven 't done this before.
Even though my colleague had once warned me of an antimuslim demonstration.
He told me not to go to the center to scold me.
The Antimuslim demonstration is partly related to terrorist attacks.
How does the current situation affect you?
Are you afraid that something similar to Paris, nice or Brussels can happen in Prague?
I feel safe in Prague.
But the problem is that anything can happen anywhere in the present day.
Until recently, I could have imagined that something like this would happen in France.
And it's not just Muslims.
Moreover, Islam does not recognize violence at all.
For me, the people who kill are not Muslims.
The Koran says that one has no right to kill because he is not a god.
How do you perceive this when terrorists zaštiťují your faith?
It's very hard.
I feel shame and guilt, though I should not feel so at all.
I'm trying not to follow these violence reports, but every time I read something, I have a need to apologize for something that isn 't my fault.
I'm a very different person, so why should I apologize for the terrorists?
We met in the square of George of Poděbrady.
On Wednesday, the Czech Muslims, together with Christians, demonstrated against violence.
Did you register it?
I didn 't know about that.
But I understand that people feel the need to prove that they disagree with violence.
I don 't think they need to do anything like that.
Why should they feel guilty about something they did not cause?
Do you meet other Muslims in Prague?
My associates are, for example, from Egypt and other Muslim countries.
They are a little more religiously founded than I am, so we sometimes have quite a wild discussion about Islam, because everyone perceives him a little differently.
I come from France, so I went through another education, they need to learn Islam at school.
We have different approaches, but we respect each other.
People sometimes associate Islam with a woman's subordinate position.
How do you perceive it?
I do not subordinate in any way feel.
rather the opposite.
I'm a woman, I have strength.
It's related to the fact that you don 't wear any headgear.
For example, hijab?
And it's the way I've been brought up.
For example, my mother is a very basic Muslim.
He prays five times a day, but he just doesn 't wear a scarf.
She always taught me that faith is a purely personal matter.
It depends on each how you interpret it.
When a person reads the Koran, he should have his own opinion on those things.
So when I read in the Qur ' an passage that says God told the Prophet to hide his women from the eyes of others, I said to myself, I am not a prophet woman, so why should I hide?
On the other hand, I respect this, and when I travel to Iran or Saudi Arabia, where they require scarves, I'll take it.
Are you planning to stay in Prague?
So far, yes.
Nowhere else did I feel so good.
I've been thinking about Poland for a while, but I'm great at Prague.
I can even imagine that I raised my own children here.
Prague is an ideal city for me.
Czech Muslims, together with Christians, demonstrated against violence.
Jachtařku the Fenclovou Wind in Rio blew on a gradual rung.
Friday's sea rides in the Brazilian Riu de Janiero were published by the Czech jachtařce Veronica Kozel Fenclové.
In the class laser radial moved to the tenth place before the final two race.
This would Češce ensure participation in the final driving.
You collect packages as pokemons.
They want to compete with shippers.
For the idea of using already scheduled transport routes, the TV director Matej Liška and manager of the Prague Music club Marek Greger.
With the idea of breathed the life of a trio of applications with different geographic reach.
We launched the'm national application in May.
At the moment there are thousands of cities in it and we will expand the network.
In the Czech Republic we want to learn this before we focus more on foreign countries, he says in an interview for iDNES.cz-manager.
How does the'm app work and who can benefit from it?
Download it and sign up for free.
You can then enter the route and the information as to how much you can handle the package and what you want.
Somebody else on that day must be demands the ferry.
When both the route and the delivery time are matched, there is a pair of mutual notification.
At that moment, the hut opens, where the pair arranges the handover.
How many people do you think would have to register to have each package always found their courier?
The ideal condition I do not know, I can not guess how many registered and how many paths need to make the coverage completely optimal and every offer is spárovala with demand.
It is already working on the main relations and it is logically simpler than on the way between villages.
The more people, the greater the potential of speed and accuracy.
So far, people are building trust and finding that no one escapes with the package.
So far you did not have to deal with such a case?
How many users have the service after two months of starting?
Currently we have about 5 to 6 thousand people who create paths.
We consider this a success and we believe that there will be more.
Is there any danger that the sender will be waiting too long?
We hope that we will be competing for large conglomerates only for the reason that we are able to deliver the case even more on the same day and at a fraction of the price.
For a large company, you will pay several thousand for delivery within two hours.
You'll pay for a hundred or less here, because that's the way someone's already in business.
Should traditional carriers be worried about the potential loss of customers in the future?
We hope that's the way it is.
The market has enormous potential, it feeds giant transnational carriers, as well as business chains where everyone started shopping and gradually found that the quality does not match what they pay for.
No one wants to find in the box leaf a message saying that he should pick up the shipment at the branch, first that day after the 19th hour.
I needed a package for six hours at the time, and I waited at home because it was important.
We want a better, faster and functional service that will not off anyone and send a signal to the competition, whether it is trying.
Marek Greger (41) and Matěj the Fox (39).
No one ever worked in the field of information technology.
Marek Greger works as a music club manager, Matěj Fox as a television director.
In 2014 they started to prepare the Application Shippansee Ltd, which uses to transport packages already scheduled trips between the world metropolises, especially aircraft.
In 2015, a project was specified to process a company that created applications, such as MALL.cz, Jobs.cz, or Internet.
Programming took three quarters of a year and launched the application in March 2016.
The'm application began to develop in December last year and released this May.
This is a local version of Shippansee adapted for the Czech market.
The application of Mesíkem and Mesíkem ProFi developed from this January and made available to users at the end of July 2016.
The intention was to do all these applications from the start, which one day will merge into one.
In the Czech Republic they want to fine tune the application and then, in cooperation with a strong investor, focus more on the global market.
The shared economy is a topic recently, and this is an Airbnb or Uber service.
Are you not worried about the action in an area that no one can tell so far, where is the border of sharing and where is the grey economy?
It's the same, just another product.
It is clear to us that if it is successful and we go up with it, we will be another thorn in the eye through the grey economy.
But although someone saves and earns someone, it is not the intention of circumventing tax authorities and fiscal controls.
Each user, on the one hand, or the other, will be prompted to danil their incomes if they do so.
What you that service has such great potential?
The shipper will save and make the transfer, respectively, reducing the cost of the trip.
That is the strong idea that combines interest on both sides.
At the time of social networks that divide people, we would like this to Sbližovala.
There may be nice stories, people are happy to help someone and tell about it.
Maybe someone will bring you forgotten glasses, keys or pills.
I've been missing personal access for a long time, and we're saying this app is a service for people.
So how do you guarantee that the courier with the package Neprchne?
Each user of the application, together with the registration, scans the identity card and indicates a bank account, credit card, or credit.
These are channels that give service and man credibility.
Couriers also collect stars based on the rating of the senders.
We also offer insurance, the details are even more attuned.
The courier is liable for the uninsured consignment in the event of loss or damage, but does not accept liability under criminal law for content if there is something illegal inside and does not know about it.
If the police stop him and finds himself in a sealed package in his suitcase submachine gun or ten kilos of hashish, the criminal liability for the sender is over.
Is there a risk of misuse of sensitive data from the database?
They are registered, if necessary, by a Dohledatelní administrative body, who alone will be able to look into it, nor we ourselves are unable to see them, data are protected against misuse.
How much money does a courier receive after a successful delivery?
The courier determines the price and gets the full amount you say.
The sender will be charged a few percent extra per contact mediation.
This money is our profit, but it is only a few percent because we want to push the volume.
No one can accuse the courier that he did not deliver the shipment when it was actually delivered, the takeover and delivery is verified using QR codes.
Are there any restrictions?
Whether in relation to the size or content of the package?
You can bring anything.
We have three sizes, small as a cube of butter, medium as Plato eggs and great as a bass beer.
After that, there is no further restriction and if someone has a place in the car, transfer need a fridge.
Plus, the sender has the option to take a picture in the app package, so the courier sees what he wants.
You don 't even need to pack the thing if you don 't want to hide content.
A forgotten sweatshirt stick a courier in your hand and it is.
Who came up with the idea and how long did it take to start the service?
My friend had an idea more than two years ago, but I didn 't pay much attention at the time.
Then he showed me a demo application with a transnational reach that targets mainly on air passengers.
At that moment I told him I wasn 't going to look for an investor, but I would like to stand by myself and save it.
The next year, the development took longer than we have established the company Shippansee Ltd. in London due to the larger kredibilitě of the entire product.
But this is not the version you focus on.
No, marketing we focused on the Czech Republic, where we try to dovychytat the application, because it has a whole labor pain and is still something to solve and improve.
We strive to respond to customer feedback, and we are not currently dealing with the foreign market.
We know it's running on a long track, but Nechvátáme, we want to create a really good product for people.
Shippansee Ltd was the basic and most expensive application, the other two were in their way upgraded.
'm arose when we said that the national segment could be much more interesting and that in the Czech Republic at least we learn.
The third application Mesíkem is local, for the city.
But he can send the package to the exact address and the other end of the world.
Works for the sender just like'm, but the difference is that in it as a courier you see the parcels in the form of points on the map that are closest to you, thanks to Geolokátoru in your mobile.
Applications for couriers who want to feed, we called Mesíkem ProFi.
So can anyone make a downright profit by making the city packages up?
Exactly, the last application will be downloaded in Prague for example a taxi driver, student, mother on parental leave, someone who wants to make way to work.
Now, as everyone blbnou with those pokemons, they can collect it exactly the same way.
One sees where the city's orders will come to it, clicks and sees when it must be delivered and the shipment transfer.
It's set cheaper than competing services.
At this point, we are still making a web interface that will be central to shipping companies, on the web to fill in data about them, creating points on the map.
We are then able to invoice their use of the service every month.
The project is now a full-time job?
It annoys us, but we normally do it at work so we can feed and develop the project.
We do not hide behind us a strong transnational investor, we are two guys, one of whom had a brilliant idea and the other had jumped with other suggestions and ideas.
We are now looking for an investor strong enough to cope with us Ukočírovat not the Czech market, but which should with the pardon of the sphere go with us to the global product and become another huge player on the market like Airbnb and Uber.
The Titanfall 2 story area is intended to deliver almost forgotten variety.
This will correct the second part and the solo game in it would be more varied according to the first information than in Call of duty.
The length will be around the standard eight hours and the filling should be based on the concept of the network box in the first part.
It is therefore possible to enjoy the freedom of movement, which in addition to jogging includes the possibility to use the combat Titan.
In addition to the action passages, the game will include levels focused precisely on the maneuverable movement.
They will remind games and include puzzles.
For example, double jumps, wall running, and rope glide are crucial to their overcoming.
In addition, you will also need to dispose of enemies.
There will be no maps reminiscent of the maze and levels with special concepts.
In one example, it will be possible to lift and push the platforms and close the massive doors.
This will form a battlefield.
As a result, the tempo of the game should oscillate between fierce action and quieter moments to explore the unknown planet.
We'll play as a pawn to Jack Cooper snícím about the pilot's career.
At the beginning of the campaign, Cooper, together with Captain Lastimosou, is shipwrecked on the extraterrestrial Planet Typhon, which is inhabited by enemy soldiers.
And the wilderness will not be there.
Moreover, Lastimosa take fatal wounds in the crash, and Cooper will therefore be tasked to get the's Titan up.
His dream of a career as a pilot will come true before he expected.
The first step will be to steal the battery required for's repair.
Cooper and Titan calls will also be significant.
Players will serve as a source of information about the soldier's past, but at the same time the robot's disembodied communications are going to be humorous moments.
For example, if Titan is going to dry out all the injuries that Cooper is threatening with the planned jump.
The first information about the campaign in Titanfall 2 brought the server polygon.
Moreover, the result can be judged in two months and Bonusweb will bring you the first impressions from the network game after Gamescom.
Titanfall 2 is based on Oct. 28, for PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The brand THQ revives, but the original publishing house remains dead.
The Swedish Nordic company is changing its name to THQ Nordic.
After the collapse of the THQ publishing house in 2013, she won a number of its brands and the right to use the logo and company name.
Nordic, for example, has released the Darksiders 2 Deathnitive Edition or the Red Faction collection package.
Moreover, there are 23 other games for the publishing house and 13 of them have not yet revealed the company.
Thirty years ago, by the time I retired, my wife, after thirty years of marriage, found twenty years younger man, our neighbor.
I knew it from the beginning-first she had been trying for him for a long time, then they put them together.
He's such a big guy, probably her type, because she was in front of me.
She was totally crazy about him.
In the first days, her voice was even transformed, she had such a girl, in love.
But when I told her I knew what was going on, it denied.
But I watched the whole thing.
He had been on a regular basis at the time of half-past four, and so she always left for three to buy.
Every day she tried to see him.
Later on, I figured he'd meet him at the house, in the laundry room.
How many times I knew they were there.
I got the keys, he was determined to myself.
But I do not know why, finally I always stayed at home.
I've never been able to go there, take the decisive step.
I may be laughing at you, but I believe that my wife was in the mind.
Soon by me she found out that I'm controllable that I'm going to do what she would want.
And I really did.
Maybe I'm just such a bačkora.
At the same time, the neighbors suggested that he knew it too.
I was such a jerk that I never asked them what to do.
I was afraid if it all cracked, it would be bad.
In the family, there was only a daughter who had guessed it.
So I always put it down, on and on.
But once I went to the apartment, that I needed help in the laundry room.
He went there with me, and I told him that I had gotten anonymous that he was meeting my wife and that he was suggesting it all.
I asked him what he'd tell me.
He stood there, crouched his shoulders, stared into the ground, and said no word.
Then, at that time, I met his wife once on the road from the trade.
I told her, but she didn 't believe it.
She didn 't react to it, nor did she say anything.
Nobody said anything to me.
I am such a man who has never gone much, who has trouble getting acquainted with someone, let alone find a woman.
So I didn 't even think about the divorce.
I still relied on the fact that one day would end.
I thought I'd forgive her and life would go on.
It wasn 't like that.
And I've never even been in the way of it.
I'm still in my own right now.
I used to show it quite often, but I left it for peace.
He continues to live in the next house and I keep living with her.
Just it's rather than my wife my housekeeper.
She always did everything at home-cooked, laundry, up.
She's hardworking.
She was always trying to make me no other reason to complain.
And I can say she's good.
But sometimes I want to caress her, hug her, and she won 't leave.
Together we go for walks and shopping and everyone thinks we have a happy marriage.
But she once told me she never loved me.
She loved me, but she didn 't love me.
And I see that his loves to this day, it is her god.
And I'm tired of this life.
Already when it started and I carried it very badly, I told her once that I did not want to live and I asked what she would say if I had finished it.
I wanted to know if she would agree or not.
And that's what I wanted to hear from her: yes or No.
But she thought, and finally said, "but there's plenty of room."
Prime Minister Manuel Valli wants to set up a new French Islamic foundation, which should serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim people.
After the terrorist attacks, France up the fight against radical Islamists, and the government and the local Muslim minority are calling for help.
"If Muslims themselves do not help the State against those who violate public liberty, it will be increasingly difficult for France to guarantee the freedom of their religion," said Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
He intends to ensure that only spiritual educators in France are preaching in the country.
It also wants to stop the financing of mosques from abroad, with the money often coming to the preachers inoculated with jihad.
By October, Prime Minister Valli wants to establish a new French Islamic foundation, which should serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim people.
The new institution will replace the current French foundation for Islam, which was founded by Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin in 2005.
At the time, it should have contributed to the transparency of financial flows between mosques and countries that finance their construction.
But it soon struck the inner contradictions, and it never worked properly.
"It's a total failure," said Valls.
The head of the new foundation apparently becomes the former minister of Interior and Defense Jean-Pierre Chevènement, who is known as a proponent of the secular state.
In France there are about 2500 mosques and prayer, about 120 of them serving radical Islamism.
Since 2012, some 80 Islamic clergy have been expelled from the country by the French authorities and are considering this step for a few more tens of years.
The German police also intervened against jihad clergy this week.
Imams allegedly verbovali warriors for the Islamic State.
One of them ran a space where the believers allegedly radikalizovali and later attacked the Sikh temple in Essen.
Just after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo in January 2015, the debate about the new institution to replace the dysfunctional foundation in France was burned.
All spurred other terrorist attacks that were made by radical Islamists in the name of the Islamic State.
The new foundation will have two main tasks – ensuring the financing of mosques from indigenous sources and also overseeing the imams.
But it is not yet clear where the finances will be obtained, even though several proposals are being considered.
One of them is a special charge for halal food, therefore mainly to meat derived from slaughtering according to Islamic principles.
This tax would in practice apply to the retailers of halal food, for granting the permit.
Part of the money would then travel to the foundation's budget.
The contribution of 10 to 20 euros could also be paid by French pilgrims, who will be issued to Mecca.
Every year, a traditional pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia goes from France to about 30,000.
Moreover, in French mosques only preachers who have undergone educational programs at their universities should be active.
This would make their sermons consistent with democracy.
The government also closes radical mosques.
"We have closed 20 since December and others will follow," said the interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve.
"In France, there is no place for those who preach hatred and do not respect the principles of our country, such as equality between women and men," he said.
Zaragoza.
His former wife badly injured an unknown gunner on Friday morning at the shopping center in Severošpanělské Zaragoza, writes the diary of Independent.
The shooting occurred after the woman and daughter left the garage space in his car.
The man waited in the car before the shopping center, where he also started shooting.
According to the witnesses, the man then turned the weapon against himself, writes The Independent.
The woman took the uninjured daughter to the hospital, and an ambulance had to arrive for the men in critical condition.
The crime took place around 11.00 in the central part of the metropolis of the autonomous region of Aragon, near the local university.
Citing the Spanish agency, Europa Press writes Independent that the motive was probably unresolved by the recent divorce of both partners.
Rolls with asparagus, wakame algae, ginger and chilli sauce.
Summer wishes a light, well digestible meal, but we Czechs are rebels and we have our own tastes and our heads.
And so the summer garden smells grilled neck, belly, pork cologne.
Nothing very healthy, not much light, still so occasionally with the exception of lettuce or roasted vegetables.
True, grilling is economical for both time and utensils, and it's a social matter, and no one may be locked in the kitchen.
But there are other alternatives, how to make good delicacies that special dining, their preparation presents a small ritual, but at the same time there is no need to Long vyvařovat, bake, fry or choke.
And yet they will contribute to our health.
Whether it is homemade sushi or sashimi, where quality raw materials and a few well adopted grifů suffice to make sure the preparation is fun and the food itself is a real exotic delicacy.
Just as even easier to rolls in rice paper from today's recipe.
It even eliminates time-consuming cooking and chillinging rice.
The paper is only for a moment soften into the water and then it depends only on the imagination of the chef, as he intends to play with fillers and accessories.
It's not algae like algae.
The advantage of a range of Asian cuisine is nowadays that the raw materials are normally available.
Including pickled sladkokyselého ginger, which is one of the basic delicacies accompanying sushi or fresh rolls.
You can prepare it at home, but the real pink Gari ginger has a unique spicy pungent and at the same time delicious taste thanks to the secret formula, which is mixed from several types of vinegar and ginger.
It is enough to buy a bag of appropriate size, and the attachment with demonstrable antibacterial effects, supporting digestion and cough or flu resistance is done.
Banana leaves.
They are used mainly in Buddhist and Hindu cultures in serving and decorating dishes within various festive occasions and rituals.
The long ribbed leaves of banana are very widespread in many countries in Asia and South America as well as a "tool" for preparing a variety of baked, cooked and fried dishes, which are packaged in the same way as foil.
A banana leaf will also pass the dish to a specific flavor.
We can buy in stores with exotic fruits and vegetables, even pre-cut into the shape of wheels.
However, choose only the leaves rich green, and therefore healthy-uncracked and spotless.
It is likewise easy to prepare lettuce from algae wakame, sesame and sesame oil.
It can be bought again frozen.
Who often eats or prepares sushi, probably will know especially squeezing nori.
In Japan, it is one of the most important species of seaweed, from which it is produced nasekáním, pressing and drying of the so-called leaves Nori − that is, plates intended just for the production of sushi.
Wakame − a dark green algae growing in the waters around the island of Hokkaidō − It is also fresh and dried and is as popular as the algae nori.
By the way, who wouldn 't know the miso soup with wakame, allegedly her Asian women used the ancients to recover after childbirth.
And at all, this eyelash has almost miraculous effects.
It purifies blood, strengthens blood circulation, even allegedly prevents hair greyinging and is literally charged with minerals.
Dried and battered wakame is also used as a spice, for example to flavor rice.
Fresh lashes are first left in the water Leach, then rinseed, placed in boiling water and boiled for half a minute.
Then cool in icy water, out the middle on and continue to adjust, perhaps as a favorite salad.
But to buy it already done, frozen, is the simplest solution.
So it remains only umotat roll with easy vegetable filling, delicious and light, full of healthy tastes.
Such Bombička longevity.
If resist and nepřihodíte also grilled belly.
Eat healthily, lightly, and summer.
Asians know how to do it.
Just a few special ingredients and a little skill, and you have an interesting fresh meal that deliciously combines cravings.
And the finished one is two.
Four pieces of rice paper, 40 grams of carrot, 40 g of white radish, 100 g of green asparagus, 60 g of cucumber, 60 g algae wakame and 60 g sweet chilli sauce.
A handful of chopped coriander, a teaspoon of black sesame, a teaspoon of Sriracha chilli sauce, 20 g mango and 40 g pickled gari ginger, a little pine nuts.
First we prepare the rolls.
Soak the rice paper in cold water for five seconds.
Then remove it and wait until softens.
In the meantime, simmer the asparagus shoots in hot water, after about three minutes we will quickly cool them into icy water so they do not lose color.
On the allowed paper, insert a vegetable filling and wrap.
We will prepare the filling from white radish, carrots and lettuce cucumbers, which cut into fine strips, mix them with sweet chilli sauce, add chopped coriander, stir thoroughly and place on rice paper.
On the banana leaf, insert the asparagus sprouts, add the threads and finish the whole dish with seaweed wakame, pickled ginger, sliced mango, sprinkle with black sesame and add a few pine nuts.
Britain must be content with silver in the seven rugby, choosing Fiji takes gold
The impressive performance of the Great Britain in the seven rugby union ended with a devastating track at the last hurdle, Fiji beat the Brits in the final match on Thursday night at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio High 43:7.
Fidžanés have performed a master's lesson in the processing, landfill, Úhybech, support game, run on line and brutal forces-and gained gold, their first Olympic medal ever.
The defeat came with a Neokoukanou prize of consolation in the form of a silver medal – for Britain's third on that day – and the British could have been proud of their performances at the inaugural Olympic Rugby tournament, beating New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Earned win over Africans 7:5 in semifinals that same day is possible in the final Zamrzela.
But Fiji, in its form, would defeat the 15členný team in full health.
Probably will not be comforting for the British, but they can rejoice at the fact that at least one of them will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: the main coach of Fidžanů is Ben Ryan, the former England chief of Wimbledon.
Great Britain has offended a piece of travel.
Eight years ago, led by Ryan, they lost every game in Adelaide Sevens.
They lost the only one here.
This defeat hurts, but progress is undeniable.
Fiji began spectacularly, the British intersections reflected for joy.
For captain Tom Mitchell and the other teammates, it was like running a series of buses in motion and the World Cup champions led 5:0 when Osea Kolinisau emerged from behind the corner.
Timekeeping showed four minutes and Jerry Tuwai added another down to the right flank from which the conversion was made.
12:0 and Britain hardly touched the ball.
The great Mitchel tried to stop the huge Leona Nakarawu and prevent him from scoreing for the third time, but only Fidžany slowed down.
In the seventh minute he threw a Jasa Veremalua touchdown into the right corner and the British lost 17:0.
Nakarawa added after the return of the next and the hours still remained more than 1 minute... from the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou then penetrated through the slack Britons and přiřítil to line where he scored.
After conversion to condition 29:0 followed a break.
It was as if Fiji for Rugby 7s was born, while the British were still learning to surrender.
That's exactly how it is.
The British made mass changes after half-life, and the onslaught of Fidžanů stopped... for four minutes, which was good compared to the first half, until the brilliant mezihře of Fiji Josua Tuisova went on.
Dan Norton tried to get an opportunity for the Brits, throwing a touchdown in the left corner on the increased an 36:7. The game had long won the inhabitants of the Pacific islands, and their fans Ochozech sang, waving their flags and dancing.
It was hard not to admire the utterly elated approach of Fidžanů.
In the final moments, Mata Viliame another attempt to win the Fidžanů sweeten.
There was a whistle, Fidžané embraced, and the British fell on the lawn completely udolaní.
Even before that same day Fiji in the semifinals defeated Japan 20:5 and the United Kingdom climbed South Africa in a tight semifinal-about the difference of one conversion.
Kyle Brown got Africans in the first half to lead, but Dan Norton thanks to his dazzling footwork leg broke through the defensive line and scored in the second half under the hook.
The great late landfill of Marcus Watson, brother Anthony from the patnáctkového team of England, secured victory-and finally a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanningovou to victory in the Veslařském race inspired by the fight coach with cancer
You won 't find Emotivnější gold on these games-and that's what you say.
From the first shot to the last, during the 220 trestajících exhalations to history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanningová found another significance in their golden moment at Estacio de Lagoa.
Although there were two in the oars, there were three voices in the ship. When the ship Svištěla the surface to meet the second Olympic gold in the race of female couples, the voice of Robin Williams was still present in the ship. They are the first women in the history of British sport that have achieved such a result.
Their superiority was absolute, overall it was their 39. The race in which they remained unsurpassed.
What we see-two excellent female athletes, as the water levels fly with the elegance of swan-does not reflect the nature of the victory altogether.
For every gold medal of rowing, the battalion is a helping hand that makes a difference. And no hands were more helpful than the hands of a trainer, who 30 months ago did not know if he would survive this day when he was diagnosed with cancer.
In his words, it was uncertain.
I have suffered from bladder cancer that can be operated, and I have undergone this surgery.
Anything could happen without surgery.
It would be a very bad situation.
It'll change your perspective.
Cancer was detected by Williams in December 2013.
The happiness for the whole trio was that he could start treatment at the beginning of 2014, out of season, and reduce the downtime to a minimum-if we can call it that in such circumstances.
I needed to make money so I had to put it quickly together.
That was the suggestion.
I was in the hospital and walked in the room-20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said that a few steps suffice.
That's how it started.
Rowing itself is a journey, but this was a little more difficult.
Immediately after the victory, their first thoughts on Williams, who was very nervous in the morning, spoke less than usual, as he attempted to handle his own agitation.
Stanningová, captain of the Royal Artillery Regiment, who has a mission in Aghánistánu, said: "This week I was with emotions at the bottom, maybe it's a little extreme, but it means so much."
Again, it emphasizes how much it means to me how much we worked with Helen and Robin as well.
Until now, it was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we wouldn 't be anybody, so he's a huge thank you, he's the best trainer in the world.
I couldn 't ask for a better man for training or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanningová Neprohrály the only race in five years.
The pair put a staggering rhythm that their rivals could not cope with.
Even in the final 500 meters, when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to approach, they had a very large reserve to Stanningová with Glover.
We concentrated at the moment.
Helen shouted, "Don 't stop," she said.
It's really important not to let yourself be carried away.
We had a good start and at the same time we had no desire to achieve something fabulous.
We were not looking forward to today's fireworks, we just wanted to paddle well, go out and win the race, which we have done.
The couple will take a year to think before they decide what's next.
Glover is getting married next week, her upcoming television adventurer is Steve Backshall.
Now he wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn 't mean to say it would be my last race.
That would mean too much pressure.
It took about six months in London to find out that I was an Olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes.
I feel a lot better, "she said.
First row seat to the magnificent architecture of the Central Library in Los Angeles
The Society of Architecture Historians/Southern California chapter organizes meetings with Arnold Schwartzmanem and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book "The Central Library in Los Angeles: The history of its art and architecture".
Gee and Schwartzmann will be talking and showing the images of the design by Bertram Goodhuea from 1926 and the reconstruction and completion of the year 1933 from the Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The meeting will take place from 14 a.m. to 16 p.m. on August 21st at the Salle Moderne in the building of the Southwestern School of Law in the style of Art Deco (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), on 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can explore the central hall, period rooms, the Cactus Lounge and tea.
You need to buy a ticket beforehand: SAH/SCC Members US $15, non-member US $25.
Open industrial Loft in DTLA end cozy rebuilding.
Celebrate with us the 90th birthday of the Central Library in LA. What's next?-new book
Prison?
Rather, let people take them for free, says Hunter Taximafie R to the groundbreaking indictment.
Six taxi drivers and a former magistrate's clerk in Prague are the defendants, as stated by Ct.
You have recorded a series of reports in which you have revealed fraudulent practices and those who are to be in a group that will become a court.
You have faced several unpleasant skirmishes with undetected actors.
How much is it for you to report on the indictment of members of the organized group groundbreaking?
I've been expecting some court to be there.
I'm especially curious about the verdict.
I don 't think they should be in jail.
That's useless.
They should primarily return all the stolen money.
And they should return them so that they will bring all people free.
This is a somewhat peculiar solution.
Does this mean that you do not perceive any punishment as effective enough?
To me, it is sufficient that some of them have such a fear that they do not do the job anymore.
For example, one makes a pingla, another will weigh the pizza and one has completely coughed up.
The defendants can theoretically get two to eight years of prison.
Is it according to you an adequate rate?
I generally have a problem with imprisonment.
I consider it a bad punishment.
Closing someone in jail, especially in that case, is nonsense.
Such people should return to the company they took.
For a quarter of a century it commit that our country destroy name and dirty robbed people.
Now, let's make a good card and get people out for free.
I can 't imagine otherwise.
It would work as a public utility.
As someone goes to collect garbage, they would get a car and free would they people around Prague.
No, I really think they'll get a condition in the end and they don 't care.
They'll find another way to cheat somewhere.
He studied at the film Academy of Miroslav Ondříček in Písek and subsequently at Tomas Bata University in Zlín.
It belongs to people who started in the Czech Republic with viral videos and videos directly for the web.
He works as an editor for internet television Stream.cz, where he participates in a series of programs, now prepares the Prague guide, which is intended primarily for foreign viewers.
The R form of short stories advises how to avoid the services in Prague and what it recommends to use without fear.
Previously filmed a series with names how to do it, the city of scams?, life in luxury, and enough! and Prague vs. money.
In the indictment, they talk about them as an organized group.
The police followed her for several months.
Can such a network of fraudulent taxi drivers be marked as Mafiánskou?
They're such a cute mobsters, not what we know from The Godfather.
It's more of a mafiosi-junior, but organized are definitely.
It's just that they're guarding each other štafly (Taxi station).
Prague is completely unparceled.
I have observed that, for example, the main station is not fond of Paris, Paris does not like with the taxi drivers waiting at the Karlovy Lazne (Disco club)
Everyone is just watching this place and every group is organized.
It's probably a complex network.
But the defendants are only seven people, six taxi drivers and one former magistrate's clerk, who warned the driver before checking.
As you say, the undesirable phenomenon from the streets did not disappear.
What is the percentage between the Prague scammers in the taxi service according to your estimate?
It's a very small percentage.
The worst on the street is still there.
I'm talking about Aleš Ryjáčkovi.
This is a man who is really dangerous-they carry a telescopic baton in their car, and every Friday and Saturday they stand at the Charles Bridge and carry people.
When I last drove with him, he wanted seven hundred for me in three kilometres.
His police didn 't detain him for some reason.
Only a few people from the whole group were selected.
The same situation is also in other locations of Prague.
Thus, the indictment of seven people is difficult to eradicate the already renowned Prague vice, which probably has much larger dimensions.
It's not entirely useless, of course.
It will help, but all evil is nevymýtí, that's right.
Are taxi drivers who robbing foreign tourists, still in the same places that you have shown in the reports, at Charles Bridge or in Pařížská Street?
Yes, exactly.
In these locations they stand every day and every day violate the ordinance.
It ignores both the municipal police and the Prague municipality.
It's not even Gotham, but utter indifference.
Business of Prague taxi drivers in figures
Yet some of them, albeit only part of the group, will come to trial.
It's a breakthrough.
I must therefore ask: do you feel the satisfaction?
If I took it as a redress, it would be wrong, because my goal was, it is, and always will be to improve the center of Prague.
And even if I feel the need for a little better, I will continue.
You need to push the door from the other side.
Even if the last thief stays there, we should still do something to remove it.
You can 't be content with that.
But it's not like that, of course.
Are you still trying to confront them directly in taxis?
Sometimes I do a test drive and I have to say it's still bad.
Just last week I caught one taxi driver, by the way from the same group, and was very surprised to see me again.
He was credited with 560 crowns in three kilometres, though he then claimed to be an amount of 56 crowns (he used the floating-point trick).
He had the receipt, the policemen arrived, and this taxi driver was so sweetly rude that he was still behind those police officers and asked them when someone would finally give him the 56 crowns.
Similar case.
The taxi driver on the taximeter přelepil the decimal point and robbed the tourists by 357 crowns.
Can it be said that the audacity of the fraudulent taxi drivers did not recede even after you showed in your shots the faces of those who charged the pointless amount for a short ride?
Their audacity is still incredible.
How did the taxi driver domáhajícím the 56 crowns?
Policemen sent him away with the fact that he could not discuss him on the spot because he had issued a receipt.
And that will be, I think, a problem even at that court (six taxi drivers and one exúředníka).
On the one hand there will be some taxi driver with his receipts, on the other side of the police.
But, according to the Supreme Administrative Court's decision, the municipality must not use the secret recordings from the taxi service vehicle as evidence in court.
When I was filming parts about their scams, the taxi drivers brought me to this precedent.
I am footage but always wanted to use it only in the reportage.
Are you worried that this fact could be protected in court?
I hope that every judge will understand that no taxi driver would be able to ride for six or ten crowns per kilometre, because that would not be a living.
You spoke of a floating-point trick, especially in front of foreign clients underwater taxi drivers shift.
Is it still up to date, or are they worried about this trick after the publication of your reports continue to use?
I think we're Zpopularizovali this trick by broadcasting the show.
I recently drove with one taxi driver, about in front of me that he is the honest cabbie.
Then I noticed that black cardboard hised from the side of the taximeter.
When I ask him what he's got there, he said to me, "You know what it is."
When the taxi driver-scammers didn 't work too fine, can a court alert them with their colleagues?
Is there anything that can deter them from fraud?
You've been telling me that you think the way to cheat will always be.
I think you can 't discourage them.
But some of those places can squeeze out.
And these are fair taxi drivers who should fight more for getting them out of there.
From my experience I must say that the fair taxi drivers in Prague are fortunately outweighed.
But are they tempted to go against those who spoil the reputation of their services?
They have a taste, but they miss them um.
He can 't walk in that much, and he can 't tell exactly what they want.
When they organized the demonstration (due to a proposal on a nationwide restriction coming from the office of Mayors Adriany Krnáčové), Nevyznívalo very clearly what they wanted.
Once they said they didn 't protest against Uber, they just wanted to have the same terms as this service, then they said they wanted more than Uber.
It turned out that just blocked the threshold, and only the best possible ad for Uber was created.
How do you evaluate the approach of the Prague municipality in resolving the předražováním fare problem?
It is obvious that the criminal police had to enter into it to solve something.
The magistrate was short on it.
They had a mole that garbage information, which means that the taxi department was doing its job for a few years.
I hope they charge the clerk to the last inspection of all the frustrated checks to realize what he's done.
That's the worst part of it.
I had even been with him on a single control ride, which I found afterwards from their roster.
Since the last episodes of the series have been published for several months.
What's the response?
I mean especially for foreign audiences, on the than is actually the most focused series.
Every time I've got friends from abroad, I'm letting those videos out.
And when we go after the old Town square, it's a surprise that the same people that are seen in the shots are really worth it.
Famous Prague celebrities.
Oh, seriously.
I'd put fence around them so people would be watching.
Museum of communism directly on the street.
My last question is clear.
Do you ride a taxi when you need it?
Clearly.
I drive with services that I do not have to pay in cash but by card.
I use services such as Uber or Liftago, where there is no possibility of fraud.
There are also many dispatching centres that are fair.
On the street, I took the cab only once.
The driver said to me after taking the car, "Well, you have the courage."
Bém in disguise as an Italian tourist.
The fraudulent practices of taxi drivers were written in 2005.
The former mayor, Pavel Bém, was in the same year headed for a control ride in disguise as an Italian tourist, and at the very first attempt the driver cheated by two hundred.
But the editor R had a worse experience.
Taxi drivers charged him for a ride from Old Town to Wenceslas Square 820 crowns, which rises roughly to 195 crowns per kilometre, as calculated by the report makers.
The Prague municipality set a maximum price of CZK 28 per kilometre.
There are other surprising sums in the recorded reports: For example, the Dvoukilometrová route from Pařížská Street to the joiner was a tourist of 400 crowns.
The expensive rides were also provided by taxi drivers waiting at the Charles Bridge.
For a trip to the angel, which is 2.5 kilometers, they charge even six hundred crowns.
The marble is washed mostly with clean water, as much as possible without chemistry and the longer the better.
Impurities from it go well, though sometimes the dirt must be put down with a scalpel, it must be vydloubated from the folds.
It is not easy and it does not go fast, approaching the work of the restorer Vanesa Trostová from Oldrichova in the defenders.
Hat down in front of her: The tombstone is a scaffolding, after which the countless must climb and climb down again.
"The restorer should be careful, patient and unpretentious on the work environment," Zkonstatovala.
At Frýdlant, it's not the first of her restoration work.
Thanks to this, were restoration, for example, the stone elements of the façade in the rear wing of the Frýdlantské Town Hall, Restaurovala also the statues of the Saints thwart Magdalena in Still life, St. John of Nepomuk in Frýdlant, Pieta in Frýdlantské Ring Street, Marian column in Frýdlant or Atlanta in the façade of the spa in Nove město pod Spruce.
With the remelchior of the tombstone, Christopher and Catherine of Redernu started in Frýdlant in 2011.
Now purifies the surface of stone elements from coating impurities and crusts, the loose stone parts will be secured against falling and displacement; either they will anchor into the wall or to each other.
The treatment and preservation of the surface is also awaited.
The inscriptions on the tomb are again gilded.
"Then the inscriptions on marble plates will begin to gold," said the state monumental care officer of the municipal office in Frýdlant Věra Sujatha.
There are no records of the past that the tombstone would have undergone some repairs.
At a closer glance, the holes, drilled in the marble columns.
It's hundreds of years old and it's about the remains of a tomb decoration.
He was lavishly adorned, unfortunately after the Swedish invasion of the Thirty Years ' War, everything disappeared.
Literally a tombstone Očesali, remarked Sujatha.
In the Church of finding the Holy Cross are restorers with a slight exaggeration as at home.
After the flood in 2010 it was necessary to put the tombstones, which found themselves underwater, restaurovala with the baptismal font, murals in the tomb and now Tombstone.
"We would also like to get into the stained glass in the future," said Sujatha.
The church is otherwise in very good condition, every year we insert money into maintenance and repairs.
Restoration work on the restoration of the redernovského tombstones will come in total to 128 thousand crowns.
will be covered by subsidies, the city will not upload any of its money to this part of the renewal.
One hundred thousand crowns will go from the prize in the regional round of the competition historical city of 2015, the remaining 28,000 crowns is then the contribution of the Ministry of Culture, clarified the mayor Frýdlant Dan Ramzer.
To release the winnings on the restoration of the tombstone, Council decided.
The opinions of experts on future developments in selected foreign markets, monitored through indices and comparisons with the Czech capital market (px) in the horizon of one month and a half years.
Low volatility and growth prevail in the markets.
Who would have said that at the beginning of the year.
The US index of S&P 500, which in February went through 12% of the correction, is now on the new historical maximum and has already had 7 percent since the beginning of the year.
Again, the iron rule confirms that traders should never go against the interest of central banks in the long run, which has always reached its end.
In a situation where US equities on the historical maxi are thus reappearing volatility, which is currently the lowest since 2014, when markets have been happily and without fear, thanks to the quantitative easing of the US central bank and when, like today, the Volatility Index (VIX) has remained stable below 12 percent.
And not to be.
Although the Fed markets continue to prepare for a gradual increase in interest rates, quantitative easing in Europe and Japan is underway, and in the past week, the Bank of England has also put a hand on the work, which buys bonds of GBP 70 billion in the coming six months.
The new wave of quantitative easing thus pushes already low yields below and contributes to a near-complete elimination of risks and fears of the future.
How long will this state last?
That's a million question, of course.
However, there are currently no risks to the the world economy is undergoing almost constant growth without major fluctuations, the situation on the commodity market and China stabilizing and brexiting is no longer a topic, so we might not be too surprised if in a similarly quiet regime the US stock continues to survive.
Too bad Juncker is not studying Klaus!
I am very glad that my friend Michel Barnier accepted this important and challenging task.
I wanted an experienced policy for this difficult job, said the head of the European Commission, Juncker, when French policy (really experienced, because it rubbed so many different transnational political functions, that a better example of the so-called European elites would be difficult to find) was to appoint the chief negotiator of the European Commission for the conditions of departure of Great Britain from the EU.
Juncker choice blew hints of the hope that it is in the serious interest of the EU to look for Britain's forms of future friendly coexistence.
However, most British media have adopted the name Barnier as Juncker War Act.
Barnier is a rock European federalista.
Great Britain hates it.
As a son for the internal Market (2009-2014), he was in charge of reform of European banking law.
He had conceived it as he could only hold it: the unrepentant enemy Saxon the concept of a free market and a model of capitalism.
The Advocate of multilateral regulation was co-author of the concept of the banking union, and hatreded to everything from London's financial centre to the city, he pushed through legislation of excessively harsh regulation of the financial sector and services.
Thus, this Michel Barnier, a representative of Paris in dispute with London, will be a tough, relentless, and apparently ruthless negotiator.
It's probably not good news.
As he not in this context to the quiet and friendly division of the Czechoslovak Federation, to which the balance sheet, the overview and the empathy of the Prime Minister Václav Klaus have contributed so much.
This is why Czechs can Slovaks be the closest friends and allies.
A pity that Juncker from Václav Klaus-at least in this-did not learn.
It would be for the good of all!
Earthquake around Putin?
The Kremlin's ruler released his close to Ivanov.
Russian President Vladimir Putin released Sergei Ivanov on Friday from the head of the presidential office.
His place will take over Anton Vajno.
She informed the Russian media of the announcement of the Kremlin press service.
Putin indicated that Ivanov was on his own request.
At a meeting that byed the TV station Rossija 24, the president said that he was going to meet the wishes of Ivanov, who was told that he wanted to be chief of the Presidential office for up to four years.
He also announced that Ivanov would be his Special Representative for ecology and transport.
The President Administration report, now Ivanovův by the current deputy Vajno, is considered rather surprising.
Ivanov, who is 63 years old, is described as one of Putin's closest collaborators.
The former KGB officer in the past, for example, held the position of Defence minister and Deputy Prime Minister.
Now he also leaves the chair of the President Security Council member.
Ivanov said in a meeting with Putin, however, that the length of the continuation at the head of the administration was actually record.
He lasted four years and eight months.
In this context, it recalled that in the 25 years since its establishment, 11 people have already was in this capacity.
Kvitova and Deblistky uncles won 't play Šafářovou the finals.
So far, even one of Friday's tennis matches has failed to turn into a final turnout.
The first fight was lost to Petra Kvitova, who succumbed to the portorikánskému surprise of Monica Puig after the 4:4, 6:1 and 3:6.
Kvitova after a while followed the Czech deblistky Šafářivá with his uncle.
The slayers of Williams ' sisters in the first set reached after the win, but the promarnily two setboly and Russian finally ukořistily in short play.
The second set then lost a ratio of 4:6.
Half success in the morning program in Rio recorded Czech rowing: Skifař Ondřej Synek with an overview won his semifinals when the second Damira Martin from Croatia defeated despite Zvolnění in the conclusion of almost a second.
Good today, the conditions were great, the wind calmed.
I tried to save as much as possible, ' said Synek.
His opponents, unlike him, had to fight for action.
So they have some power to ubralo, so it might be easier tomorrow.
But I'm not saying it's going to be easy, just playing it in the cards, said rower of the Prague Dukla.
Mirka's toast-Knapková but she was not walking in Snykových footsteps.
Pětatřicetiletá Veslařka occupied in today's semifinals in her fourth position, and on Saturday she expects to start in B finals and fight for the 7th to 12th place.
The gold from London was so neobhájí.
The first time I went to the Olympics in the finals.
I'm a little sorry, but on the other hand, I went to a high-quality race and put everything that went on.
The opponents were simply better, and she bent the toasted knapková in front of them.
She fought to the end and believed that he would get to his fourth games among the elite six.
The fight gave up just before the goal.
I knew the girls were balanced, so anyone could assign the field.
I was surprised by a Chinese woman that she had such finish.
And I thought I could go to the finals through the Austrians.
Unfortunately, the life race was driving today, said the world champion in 2011.
Far beyond the Finálovými gates in Rio remained a young gunman Filip Nepejchal, who, even for the second time, failed to get from qualification, this time bore in the camp.
In it Nepejchal occupied 33. Place.
Qualifications were best left to the Russians.
The first rung was made by Sergei Kamenskij with 629 points, from the second Kirill Grigorjan (628.9).
Nepejchalův zeroing had a value of 620.5 point.
Athletes, among them the Czech Sedmibojařky Kateřina Cachová and Eliška K, spoke to the program in Rio for the first time.
Cachové belongs after the second discipline of the Olympic competition eleventh place, Česká Rekordmanka Eliška K is dvaadvacátá.
She leads British Katarina Johnson-Thompson, who jumped up to a height of 198 centimeters as well as the second Belgian Nafissatou Thiamová.
Both took care of the historically best Výškařský performance within the Sedmiboje.
They were still trying to jump 201 centimeters, but failed.
German, Russian, who's worse?
Looking beyond the absurdity of this question: the German society has undergone a deep sebereflexí, whereas Russian is not.
In the 20th century, the two great Eurasian nations were dictators, and the regimes that were inhuman, brutal, and horrible came to power.
The Russian BOLSHEVIKSS from 1917 to 1989 contributed largely to the 94 million victims of communism, which mentions the black Book of communism, whether it was a daily individual repression, targeted famines, incompetent warfare, or inhuman experiments.
The Nazis wiped out about 6 million Jews in an unhumanized way, and the total sacrifice of World War II was expected to be 60 million.
In the obsazovaných or vandalize territories, the Germans and the Soviets carried out atrocities.
In Germany and the USSR, only a few individuals were guilty, but a large part of the nation had been involved in these crimes either actively, passively or merely cowardice or pushing the head into the sand.
This is not specific to these nations, we Czechs are similarly guilty.
In Germany, the immediate end of the war came denazification, Nuremberg tribunal.
But the most important came later.
When the children grew up, they began to ask: Papa, grandfather, why did you participate in such atrocities?
How could you do that?
This brought real reflection and healing of the company.
Until recently, German elites cared mainly about the country's prosperity, poverty eradication, the welfare of their citizens.
Now they have other (often ivně idealistic) goals, but they certainly don 't have to join back Alsace-Lorraine or someone-on revanš-militarily challenged--perhaps everyone will recognize it.
After losing the Cold War in Russia, no major reflexes occurred.
The window of possible positive changes was finally closed at the turn of the millennium, when a former KGB officer (sic!) Vladimir Putin came to power.
Often a criminal past is celebrated in Russia today.
The politician of Putinovskéhu Russia is the revanš, the conquest of lost territories, the humiliation of the West.
Health, prosperity and the future of our own people are not worth věrchušku.
Bij your own, and strangers will be afraid.
I still believe that it is only those decades of despotick regime that Russians are not genetically or culturally inferior-destined for Asian (self) tyranny.
Who benefits from the growth of tension around Crimea?
Ukrainian army.
In recent days and hours there has been a worsening of the situation on the Ukrainian-Russian border in the area of Crimea.
To whom does the voltage grow thrive?
After a prolonged period of relative peace, there was again a further deterioration of the relations between Ukraine and Russia.
The pretext of the Ukrainian party became the peninsula of Crimea, which was joined more than 2 years ago to Russia and is part of its territory.
Of course, the news from both warring parties contradicts and is difficult to verify independently, so we have a chance to just think about the old known question of who benefits?
According to reports from Moscow, there have been terrorist attacks on Crimea from the Ukrainian side, which, of course, is rejected by Ukraine, and, on the contrary, accuses the Kremlin of provocation.
The information on the arrest of members of Ukrainian special forces in Russia has already come from the case of a pilot Savčenkové the known answer that they were allegedly kidnapped in Russia's territory.
If we proceed to the Ukrainian version, what would Russia benefit from a worsening of the situation around Crimea?
The simple answer is: nothing.
The escalation of tensions around Crimea can only damage Russia, mainly from the West in the form of further hardening of sanctions and the strengthening of the counter-Russian campaign.
In the last year, the backdrop of the immigration crisis to Europe has taken a retreat from the situation in Ukraine.
The Ukrainian leadership has lost its credit in front of its citizens when the current support of President Poroshenko is around 15%.
Ukraine's economy would have long been bankrupt not to be generously injected by the EU and mainly the IMF.
In this situation, Ukraine's regime needs to regain its attention vigorously to its country in order to substantiate its further requests for financial assistance and to try to improve its reputation for voters in his country.
The president of the Poroshenko and other members of the Power forces are again looking to prove themselves as strong men who are not afraid to stand up to great Russia.
There is no hope that all those who attempt to break open conflict between Ukraine and Russia will eventually realize their tremendous responsibility for the lives of not only soldiers, but all ordinary people on both feuding sides and stop their hostile actions in time.
Bulgaria reported inflation for the first time in eight months
According to national statistics, a monthly inflation rate of 1% was reached in Bulgaria in July.
This is the highest value for several years (from June 2012) and the first non-zero value from October last year, when a positive inflation rate of 0.2% was published.
The annual average rate of inflation, measured at CPI, over the last 12 months (August 2015-July 2016) compared to the previous 12 month period (August 2014-July 2015) was-0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016, compared to June 2016, was 101.0%, so monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate from the beginning of the year (July 2016 versus December 2015) was-0.2%, and the annual inflation rate in July 2016 was-0.2% in comparison with July 2015.
Compared to the previous month in July 2016, the increase in the routes of the following groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), Culture and recreation (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), other goods and services (0.3%).
The price decrease occurred for garments and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices for alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication and education remained at the same level as the previous month.
Secret services in the US said a year followed by the Russians ' hacker attacks.
Information about Russian attacks came to the public last month, when the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) announced that it deals with the attack on servers party the headquarters of the Democrats.
But there is no official report on Russia's share of the attack.
Moscow denied the share of the attack.
The report on the surveillance of the alleged Russian attack was strictly secret, because its disclosure would reveal that the US secret services of a hacker attack are being monitored and uncovered by the way they do and what resources they use.
Two Russian intelligence services were allegedly involved in the offensive action.
New advisory Forum on cyber Security
The tracking material of the Russian track was encoded and only a small group of experts had access to it, Reuters wrote.
Only a small group of eight leading members of Congress, known as the US Gang of Eight, was informed of public officials.
It consists of the heads of both the Chambers Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan, the presidents of Democrats in both the Chambers of Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid and four members of the Gates and security committees of Congress.
The incumbent boss Democratic Party, Donna Brazileová, announced Thursday that it is creating an advisory forum for cyber security to "prevent future attacks and ensure first-class protection of the servers of the Democratic Party".
There was a dangerous parasite in Albert's smoked salmon.
The string apologized.
Based on the consumer's initiative for health problems after eating the salmon wild smoked-pieces 100 g, the date of consumption of 22.11.2016 performed by Prague inspectors control in Albert's stores on Wenceslas Square and on the bridge.
The check found that the batch of L23012562/T4 with the date of consumption of the 22.11.2016 to which the customer drew attention was no longer available and therefore the product was removed from the same batch with the date of consumption of 11.12.2016.
Laboratory examination confirmed the presence of Anisakis spp. Anisakis simplex.
It is a parazitického worm of the digestive tract of marine mammals.
It is dangerous for man-the larvae in the body cavity or flesh of fish are a potent allergen and man pozřené live larvae can penetrate through the gastric wall into internal organs, said Šticha.
Customers are very sorry for the problems with this brand product.
We immediately downloaded the lot from the sale and we also downloaded all other batches of this item for preventive reasons.
The error occurred on the supplier's side, and at the same time we let ourselves test this product, she told the News of the spokesman Albert Barbora Muthu.
If the customer has bought this product, it can return it in any of the chain stores and get the money back.
The larvae will destroy the frost as well as sufficient heat
The seller was the company Nekton-Vrňata.
The emergence of the dangerous product inspectors informed the Prague and Středočeskou Veterinary administration.
According to the server bezpecnostpotravin.cz people after ingestion parasite can sick anisakiózou, which manifests severe abdominal pain, vomiting and nausea, or the disease can run unflagged, said Čtk.
Symptoms will appear one hour to two weeks after eating inadequately heat-treated infected fish.
After three weeks from the onset of disease the larvae usually spontaneously leave the digestive tract.
Adult worms and larvae are sensitive to higher and low temperatures, so they are killed either with sufficient heat treatment of fish meat or when freezing.
Veterinarians have currently checked the salmon and the recipient of imported goods in the central region.
Three of the five samples examined had a parasite.
Shipment of 1700 products came to the Czech Republic according to the State Veterinary Administration (JRC) in early April.
Shipped, in the vast majority of the chain Ahold, was to date 919 pack.
Currently downloading of unsold stock product from stores, said on Friday ČTK spokesman of the JRC Petr Jose.
Veterinarians immediately after finding positive samples have banned the sending of other products from the warehouse.
Old British wanted to flee from Raqqa, killing her apparently Russian air raid.
After an initial enthusiasm and a quick marriage to Džihádistou, who was soon killed, Střízlivění came.
The anticipated Paradise Caliphate for British girls turned into hell on the Earth from which there was no escape.
The girl was by relatives in contact with her sister Halim.
She repeatedly phone to Britain and confided that she wanted to go home.
Abandoning the Islamic State is like trying to escape from Alcatraz.
They have an order indiscriminately to shoot, citing the Telegraph lawyer family of the deceased girls Tasnima Akunjeeho.
The last traces led to Raqqa, from there the last time the girl came.
Then there was only a message about her death, but she could not be verified.
The family communicated with her from an apartment in east London.
Together they discussed how they could get out of the Raqqa and cross the Turkish border.
There they hoped to meet with the former student again.
But Kadiza was probably killed before she could flee, because the house in which he traceded in May with the land of the raid, said British ITV News.
Television added that the bomb seemed to overthrew a Russian plane that útočilo on the bastion of IS in Syria.
They you would be blue from heaven, just to get your child out of danger area, said Tasnim Akunjee, a lawyer of the family.
In the week when (Kadiza) thought about escaping from the territory of the Islamic State, one Austrian was caught in an attempt to escape and, according to available information, was publicly beaten to death.
I think it (Kadiza) interpreted it as a warning and decided not to take risks, according to BBC Akunjee.
The family would do anything.
Kadiza Sutlanaová, along with 15 girlfriends from the School of Shamimou Begumovou and Amir Abasovou, released on the 17th of February last year.
At home they just said they were going out.
But they headed to Gatwick Airport and through Turkey to the area operated by IS.
The girl's family according to the lawyer did everything she could to get the Kadizu back.
You would they blue from heaven, just to get your child out of danger area, and this family did everything she could, strained all the power to get her daughter home.
But it wasn 't possible without the risk of being caught, the lawyer added.
The only positive thing is that the fate of Kadizy can serve as a deterrent to other girls or even boys who will fool Islamist propaganda.
"There are many cases where people have gone, realizing how things are going, they understand how far this differs from the promises of the propaganda of the Islamic State, and they wanted to return," said Akunjee.
The fate of Kadiziných classmates is not known.
But because they also paused, their families must accept the fact that they are most likely to be dead.
To jail for money.
In Scotland, you can go behind bars without committing a crime.
For many centuries the municipality was Inveraray the Regional centre and the seat of the Duke of Argyll.
From the mid-18th century, courts were held at Town Hall, and the basement under the halls served as a local prison.
The conditions in which convicts dwelt were deplorable, and many prisoners tried to escape.
Many of them have successfully.
Therefore, the city representatives decided to move the premises of the prison to a new place.
The new building was completed in 1848 and was more welcoming to the prisoners, with heating and gas lighting.
So or not in operation for a long time, it was closed for economic reasons at the end of August 1889, since smaller correctional facilities were expensive to operate and too dividends.
Tales prisoners even the hunt for ghosts.
For the public, the prison opened a century later, visitors can compare the old building with the new one to convince themselves how different conditions were.
The guides in period costumes enhance the authentic experience.
There is also a torture room in which visitors can learn what forms of punishment have been applied to criminals, whether it was breaking fingers or burning marks on the body.
As part of the tour, tourists can get close to one of the customs, mostly because of the photograph in memory, or to deduce the feeling behind the bars of the prisoners.
Moreover, the prison is Inveraray one of the most famous Scottish sites, where it is supposedly haunted.
A number of groups of paranormal hunters have been published and the museum still allows people to come to hunt for some ghosts.
Such a night, however, comes to 300 pounds, which is about 9500 crowns.
In addition to this popular tourist attraction, the village also attracts great food, surrounding panoramas and history.
The "Anim" effect on Snapchat is criticized as an Asian cartoon
According to Snapchat, this filter is inspired by the anims, but some observers say it is racially insensitive.
Snapchat every day allows about 150 million users to change reality and fool around with identity in ways that border the absurdity.
You can make yourself a pineapple, a dog or a figure that seems to have stepped out of the image of Roy Lichtenstein.
Filters are simple tools that distort reality and generate more than 30 million improved Selfíček every day.
Any oops will immediately publish.
Snapchat filters have been criticised in the past with accusations that the application promotes blackfacing or that it supports white shades of the skin as the ideal of beauty.
So when this week the users offered a filter that made oblique eyes, warped teeth and inflated faces, some critics described it as a racist caricature of Asians-"yellowface."
And they asked whether these repeated contentious issues showed a bigger problem for society-a diversity problem.
On Wednesday, verge and Motherboard wrote about it, and the novelty and indignation quickly expanded, and Snapchat said the next day that he had canceled the function.
The company offered an explanation: the filter was intended as a manifestation of accounts by the figure of the Anim, not as a caricature of Asians.
But the observers, who witnessed racism, filter mention painful stereotypes in action.
Other unpackaged comparisons with the Anims refused.
Grace Sparapani, an American art student from Korea whose tweet about photographs was widely shared, in an email said that the filter was "at least malicious and embarrassing."
She added that "it's hard to argue against comparing the obvious Asian cartoon and filter effects.
It turns out that the filter is not only about the yellow face (yellowface), but that the yellow face is tightened to the pohrdavého extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that has crossed these cultural limits.
American culture seems to have an endless struggle of diversity and inclusion, from meeting halls in corporations to Holywood and equipment that we all carry in hand.
And a huge number of young people on Snapchat – who are more racially diverzifikovaní than their older partners – may mean that even more sensitivity can be expected.
"When one filter Snapchat creates an image that is offensive to a user", Pětadvacetilá Katie Zhuová said in an interview on Thursday, "It's very hard to dispense this stuff now, as it did before."
Katie Zhuová, a product manager and designer working for the medium, decided on Thursday to delete their account on Snapchat and invited others to do the same.
In an article for medium and in an interview on the phone, she said that she believes that racially motivated problems reflect the lack of diversity in recruiting workers in Snapchat.
Katie Zhuová criticized the vast white, completely masculine leadership society and the article ended with a hash tag: # DeleteSnapchat.
"It's either that they don 't have any diversity and color people in the moment when these things are decided," said Zhuová, who has a Sino-American origin, "or color people work there, but not in positions to feel safe or pleasant to speak."
Other observers share her view-a complaint which Snapchat left to a large extent without answering.
The company not figures regarding the diversity of its employees, with the status of a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to talk about the racial origins of his employees, but according to the spokesman, the company recently accepted a recruitment worker, who should focus on the underrepresented population and internal management of inclusion.
Zhuová adds: "I wonder if they really need other such users who can say that it is not right," with the fact that their account will remain cancelled.
Army officers Zkreslovali intelligence information on IS, says parliamentary committee
In a report issued on Thursday, the parliamentary committee stated that the officers from the United States Central Headquarters changed intelligence services to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State of Íráku and Syria than the country's events provided.
According to a preliminary report by the Working Group, set up by the Republican chairman of the Committee on the armed Forces, the Intelligence services Committee, and the Defence subcommittee, "widespread dissatisfaction" has been identified among Central intelligence analysts, according to which their governance has changed their assessment of America's efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
The central headquarters, known as CENTCOM, is an army central in Tampa, Florida, which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The press release for the report states: "The outputs of intelligence secret services approval superior officers of the Centcomu usually offered a positive image of the US counter-terrorism efforts than those confirmed by facts on Earth, and were consistently positive than those obtained from other parts of the intelligence community."
"What happened in Centcomu is unacceptable – our warriors are damaged when the superior policymakers are presented with erroneous analysis," said Ken Calvert, congressman and Republican of California.
Failure in the management of Centcomu goes back to the top of the organization.
The Desetistránkové report describes the ongoing problems of the central staff in describing and analyzing America's efforts in íráckých force training in 2014 and 2015.
Although there is no decisive evidence to suggest that that the Obama administration's leaders ordered that the reports should be altered, it is reported in the report that analysts had the impression that they were Centcomu under pressure from leaders to present a optimistic view of the dangers represented by the Islamic State, or is.
"In the first half of 2015, many press releases of the central staff, statements and testimonies from Congress were significantly more than the events actually were," says the report.
For example, a representative of Centcomu publicly declared that a major military attack to take over the Mosul could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city of Íráku, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"This is quite clear after months of investigation," said the deputy member, Mike Pompeo, a representative of the Kansas Republican Party.
From mid 2014 to mid-2015, handled is the highest-ranking staff of intelligence services of the US central staff with the outcomes of staff intelligence services to downplay the dangers of is in Íráku.
The Republicans have set up a working group after learning about analysts ' fears that intelligence information about the Islamic State has been tampered with.
After the report published on Thursday, after further investigation, more detailed examination must be followed.
There is another investigation conducted by the General Inspector of the Ministry of Defence in Centcomu intelligence services.
The Democratic members of the Intelligence Committee published on Thursday on their own findings, which corresponded to some of the conclusions of the Republicans ' working group.
"Between 2014 and 2015 Centcom created a very narrow process for compiling evaluation information on IS and íráckých security components," said in a statement by Adam B. Schiff, Chairman of the committee and Deputy Democrats.
In the words of Adam Schiff, the process "led to the spin of intelligence services," he damaged morale between analysts, and "inadequately reflect dissenting views."
But Schiff and Democrats say they found no evidence that the White House would try to push Centcomu analysts to adjust their conclusions according to the "template or political situation."
The preliminary results of parliamentary investigations were published on Tuesday in the Daily Beast.
Last August New York Times reported on the ongoing investigation by the Pentagon inspector general, which was initiated after complaints by Centcomu analysts.
The commander-Lieutenant Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, stated in the statement that the Department of Defense's parliamentary report would not be commented on because the investigation of the inspector general still continues.
But he stated that "experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence community and the Ministry of Defence welcome a healthy dialogue on these essential issues of national security."
The investigation has implications beyond the question of whether the American-led bombardment in Íráku and Syria is successful (a statement that now represents an increasing number of defence representatives).
However, the last allegations raised question marks about the extent to which President Obama can rely on the central staff to honestly evaluate military operations in Íráku, Afghanistan, Libya, and other crisis locations.
Criticism of intelligence on the Islamic State has been reflecting conflicts for more than a decade, when intelligence analyst Centcomu Gregory Hooker wrote a research paper, it was argued that President George W. Bush's administration--despite the opposition of many analysts--defended a small unit in the Íráku and devoted little time to thinking about what was going to be an invasion in 2003.
Hooker also played a key role in opposing the intelligence services of the Islamic State.
Last year, the authorities announced that the Hookerův team concluded that, despite public statements to the contrary, air strikes held against the refiners of the Islamic State did not significantly weaken the financial resources of this terrorist group, as the group built temporary refiners and oil sold on the black market.
The Times in September reported that the findings were not passed off the central staff.
Commander Centcomu, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was then subjected to criticism the past year after many legislators found the testimony of the Senate too positive to evaluate the war.
In April, General Austin resigned and in Centcomu it replaced Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The US won in field hockey in the fourth match in a row, so today will play a decisive match in the UK team
Katie Bamová in the match against Japan, who ended with the victory of 6:1, scored three goals and only a day later, for the American women's field hockey team, scored the first two goals of the match, in which America defeated India on Thursday 3:0.
Five goals in two games is a success worthy of remembering, but Bamová (27) said she wasn 't sure whether something like that ever happened.
"I have no idea," she said.
I don 't belong among those who write their goals.
But this one knows: the American in the Olympic tournament is leading to the 4:0 fights and is divided first in the UK group, which remained undefeated on Thursday after Japan's defeat 2:0.
The UK and the United States will clash on Saturday in the last match of the first round.
Both teams qualified for the quarterfinals and the match will decide who of the group of six teams end up in the first and second place.
The team from the first place is a little longer avoided by the strong Danes who are on the forehead of the second group.
Whatever the end of the Sabbath game, the Americans caused a commotion here, four years after they ended up among the 12 teams in London Games.
There was a Bamová in that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and hockey for field hockey took her first hand when she was 3 years old (her older sisters twins played in Drexelu) and joined the national team when she was 16 and became his youngest player at all.
The Olympics in 2008 escaped her because she didn 't get to the final roster.
Then came the year 2012, when he did not succeed nor board her team.
The next year was the coach named Englishman Craig Parnham and things began to change.
"Cultural change, mental change, physical change," said Bamová.
In London we didn 't have such a working pace as we have today.
We made a complete turnaround.
On Thursday night Bamová launched the first half of the vstřelením goal Bekendem from the vicinity.
India joined the match without winning the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly hard and maintained a score of 1:0 until the third quarter, when Bamová took advantage of the opportunity.
Escaped on the left side of the playing field, then prokličkovalaed into the center and scored the ball in the goal to get American women to lead 2:0.
Melissa Gonzalez added the last goal in the fourth quarter.
The retirement of the American goalie, Jackie Briggs, who helped each of the three victories for one goal, was the first in the tournament.
He's in excellent shape.
Just like Bamová.
"Now we are in a good place," said Parnham, but how good it is, it will depend on the outcome of the Saturday match.
Zen Trampolines in the midst of Olympic rampage
No matter where you are, it doesn 't matter what time it is-the Olympics.
Of the events in Rio de Janeiro is to feel relentless, indescribable and biased by the alternation of competition and effort.
It is how the Olympic torch itself would be a hot relay pin, which is being forwarded from Lustřelce swimmer, gymnast and triathlete.
You can 't turn on TV, read newspapers or listen to your neighbor's conversation in line in a coffee shop, without hearing about Simone Bilesové, Katie Ledecky or hostility between Michael Phelps and Chad le close.
And then Logan Dooley.
Dooley, the upcoming darling of women with dimples in his cheeks, is at the Olympics for the first time and could also be among those whose names will be heard in households in the prime time between advertising and the sponsors ' spots, if he were a swimmer, gymnast or even a swordsman.
But Dooley (28) from Lake Forest in California fights for Olympic gold jumping on a trampoline.
Olympic fire does not shine on all competitions as well.
Farther from the middle, a little shaded are sports that are not universally recognized: shooting from air pistols, archery, badminton, Taekvondo.
We will always have success in the classic swimming style-and will probably reign long.
But if I can name my extraordinary favorite, let me draw attention to the unobtrusive charm of the trampoline.
Although the jumps on the trampoline of the Olympic sport since the year 2000, when they were first mentioned in the Sydney Games, after 16 years of intervention, the sport remains almost unnoticed – many people I have been inquiring about didn 't even know it was an Olympic sport.
It can be regional indifference.
The US has never won a medal in trampolines, and none of the athletes have ever gotten to the finals until 2012.
Prices in the male category are usually divided between China and Russia and the women's category between China and Canada.
This year there will be gold medals from London Objahovat Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennanová from Canada.
But the jumps on the trampoline have yet another smůluo, partly because the uninitiated ear will seem more suited to the Clown university than to the Olympics.
I must confess that I am not an expert, but only an enthusiast pursuing the Earth.
It has the comical potential-comical vibration of endless bouncing-but also the gracefulness of gymnastics and scuba diving, two sports, which combines.
The word "trampoline" is derived from the Spanish "El Trampoline" which means "the Jumping board."
Aspiring champions jumping on a huge trampoline that fires them up to almost 10 meters in height and they are demonstrating assemblies with several elements (flips, screws and combinations) before they finally land again on their feet.
According to the official Olympic programme, they are evaluated according to the performance, difficulty and "time in the air".
In Rio,-athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete.
The usual trajectory of the Olympic railway is ahead.
The Warriors of the gold medal must go on, faster and higher, sometimes to the end, other times back and forth, up and down.
He tries to catch up not only the target tape or the starting wall, but as television news shows, also another imaginary line: the world or the Olympic record.
This unanimous endeavor is noble, admirable, a bit fanatical-and sufficient to bring viewers to tears.
But I think it's rather exhausting when you follow the Olympics.
Jumps on the trampoline in this respect bring relief.
The track of the athlete on the trampoline is upwards.
The point is not to move forward.
He or she is reflected as if they were in a state weightless as the astronauts, flies up, then down, and then again effortlessly up.
Without competition and of course, the difficulty is not possible, but for the duration of the report there is no fierce fight to reach the goal, no measuring distance, but only perfect, graceful suspension of time and gravity.
This is the closest that the Olympics and Zen will approach.
The qualification and finality of women takes place on Friday afternoon, at 1pm Eastern Time, male competitions then on Saturday at the same time.
NBC will broadcast the finals in the afternoon block, which begins on both days at 2pm.
Amid the Olympic madness, they promise quiet, pleasant moments, which, despite other duels, probably overlooking.
And if the attention is to be achieved only so that the male athletes will be subject to love views and manifestation – as according to the Wall Street Journal recently designed by the gymnasts of the USA – then Logan Dooley only waits for his new fans who gasping after breath.
"Protesters of the generations" in Ethiopia, long-standing allies of the US
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators requesting political change in Ethiopia came across a violent backlash from the government.
Witnesses say that many protesters have been shot during clashes with the police.
Is there a war in Ethiopia?
In the past decade, it was one of the stable nations in Africa, a solid western alliance with a rapidly growing economy.
But over the past few months, the country has caughted anti-governmental riots that have spread to increasingly more areas.
In the last week alone, thousands of people, who demand fundamental political change, have set off into the streets.
According to human rights organisations, the government's response was ruthless.
Witnesses say that policemen shot and killed the multitudes of unarmed demonstrators.
At the making videonahrávkách of the protests that probably came from the end of last year or early this year, the security forces are captured, as the young people are hitting the sticks after they have been forced to stand by the wall on their hands.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and make a step forward becomes even harder," said Rashid Abdi, head of the Horn of Africa project for the International Crisis Group research Group.
Ethiopia is the second most populous nation in Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
U.S. military and intelligence services are working closely with Etiopan to eliminate the threat of terrorist attacks in the region, particularly Somalia, and few from African countries, if any, to obtain such assistance from the West.
Ethiopia's economy has developed at an impressive pace.
Its infrastructure has improved substantially – in the capital city of Addis Ababa, there is even a new suburban train.
And the streets of the city are typically quiet, safe and clean.
But Ethiopia can be hardlyed as a model of democracy-the organization fighting for human rights incessantly talks about government repression-the opposition in the country has been suppressed, dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were banished, trapped, killed, or exiled far into the desert.
However, this may change.
"When you suffocate people and they have no choice but to protest, there will be a breach," said Seyoum Teshome, who lectured at the University of Central Ethiopia.
It protests all the youngsters.
Protests generations.
Complaints are numerous and concern everything from land disputes to the absolute control of the power of the ruling coalition.
After last year's elections, which were widely criticised, the ruling party and its allies received the final chair held by the opposition and now checks Parliament 100 percent.
At the same time, there is a rise in pressure on the border with Eritrea. The conflict along this inaccurately marked, contested border claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Anylitici fear that separatist groups, which have been more or less suppressed over the past few years, such as the Oromská Liberation Front or the Ogadenská National Liberation Front, may try to use and rearmament.
There are several factors that explain why, after years of doutnání under the surface, these bitter sensations have flared up again.
The first one is seemingly harmless: smart phones.
Many Etiopan can communicate through social networks until the last few years, when they have become widely available cheaper smartphones and improved the provision of Internet services.
And even if the government disables access to Facebook or Twitter as it normally happens especially during protests, many people can still communicate via Internet proxies that hide the location of these people.
Several young Etiopan spoke of how they had gathered for protests.
There is also greater solidarity between Oromy and Amhary, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
Oromo and Amhara are not natural allies.
For long ages, Amhara, mostly from the Christian hills of Ethiopia, excelled in politics and trade, and exploited the Oromy of which many Muslims live in the lowlands.
But that's also changing.
"We are on our way to a unified leadership," said Mulatu Gemechu, the leader of Oromů.
The biggest protests occurred in the areas occupied by Amhary and Oromy.
Many Amharů and Oromů believe that Ethiopia is wrongly dominated by members of Tigrajů ethnicity, which account for about 6% of the population and controls the military, intelligence, trade, and politics.
The third reason for the riot is the death of Melese Zenawiho.
Zenawi, the former rebel leader, was the Ethiopian Prime Minister for 17 years until his death in 2012, when he succumbed to the unspecified diseases.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could see the horn.
Analysts say he was particularly masterfully able to detect the primal signals of discontent and use ambassadors to process opponents and gain it on his side.
"The current regime lacks basic knowledge," said Abdi, an analyst of conflict.
The new prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hailemariam Desalegn, was pulled out of relative unfamiliarity in order to replace Zenawiho.
Unlike the Zenawiho, which originated in the Tigrajské region of northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts claim to have no confidence in the security services controlled by TIGREJCI.
Many fear that the result will be further shedding of blood.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such riots in 2005 after thousands of people protested against what analysts identified as choices that the government Zbabrala and then stole.
There was a hard hit, during which many protesters were killed--albeit less than in the past months--and this period of riots went relatively fast.
Development experts appreciated the leaders of Ethiopia for visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new suburban train and measurable progress in combating poverty.
However, it is quite clear that the gradual ingrowth of disputes within the Ethiopian Government did not stop it.
and dangerous ethnic formation.
Last month, the protesters in the Amharském city of Gondar attacked business firms owned by TIGREJCI and resentment against Tigrejcům on social networks becoming increasingly common.
Analysts say the protests are putting the US into an uncomfortable situation and other Western allies.
The US government uses Ethiopia as a base for flights drones over neighboring Somalia, although it recently declared that the base was closed.
While the West wants to unambiguously support democracy, it does not want its ally to fall apart in an already unstable area.
"That," said Abdi, "is a very sharp edge of the blade."
Donald Trump explains his statement about Obama and funding is as "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried on Friday to downplay the latest controversy that floods his campaign, declaring that he did not think seriously, when several times this week insisted that Preziden Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State.
The explanation raised new questions about the ability of the Republican presidential candidate to speak clearly with the American public.
He also puts his proponents in the unpleasant situation, struggling to defend him in a turbulent time, and to explain that he may not have thought his remarks seriously.
After this proposal for a meeting on Wednesday night, Trump's statement on Thursday confirmed and in the talks insisted that he really didn 't intend to say that president and H. Clinton was created.
However, in a post on Twitter Friday morning, Trump said he was only sarcastic.
The contribution was the opposite of the claim of the old one day, when Trump in several conversations said his accusations were serious.
When the conservative radio presenter Hugh Hewitt attempted to help Trump's remarks to alleviate the reminder that Obama was seeking the destruction of IS, the Republican candidate for president did not respond.
The latest storm comes when Trump tried to focus his campaign on the economy, while his preference for electoral surveys is declining.
Trump and Clinton took part in the Michigan Duel for economic issues this week.
On Friday, Trump tried to return to this topic again.
On Twitter, he warned again that Clinton's proposals were linked to raising taxes, and said that according to Nějk, her speech was boring.
Trump has used the defense of sarcasm before.
At the end of July, when harvested a wave of criticism, when he stepped out with the suggestion that the Russians should penetrate Clinton's e-mails, his note later explained, "I am of course sarcastic."
This approach Trump allows you to push the boundaries of political statements and moderate them as needed.
"I think it's his way of testing, to what extent have some messages responded to its supporters in order to find out how they react and, according to the reaction, in one or other way" handed down an explanation, "said Ruth Sherman, a communication specialist who followed the language that both candidates used.
But I also think that he is skillful in his statements and knows that they are vague enough to be explained differently.
Since the results of the polls in his favor continue to decline, Trump has in recent days even more poignant tone, instead of making things cried for general voters.
The new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist Survey, published on Friday, showed that Tump is with a great distance behind Clinton in North Carolina, Virginia and Koloradu, and very closely behind her in Florida.
Trump is trying to avoid apologies for provocative statements that he says, but he often accuses his critics of erroneous interpretations of his words or misunderstanding his sense of humor.
But, along with how the Trump in the final months of the presidential campaign faces heightened attention, they have put Trumpovy jokes into the unpleasant situation of his devoted followers, who must publicly stand behind him, whatever his remarks are provocative.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City, who is one of the most Trump followers, had a candidate on Thursday in an interview for CNN to advocate extensively.
"I believe what he says is a legitimate political commentary," said Giuliani, when he was asked about the credibility of the Trumpova allegation that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic State.
This is true in the sense that before Obama was almost unknown, a small organization, which he was completely wrongly called a newcomer. And it was because he withdrew his troops from Iraq.
Most ordinary Republicans are attempting to argue that the Obama administration, in which Clinton acted as Minister of Foreign Affairs, has allowed Bujelo to be aggressively unable to handle the situation in the Middle East.
Before Friday's rallies at Pennsylvania Trump, the fire on Twitter continued to dštil on the media for přemílají every word and bias towards it.
He laughed at the "pathetic, pathetic" television scholars who tried to understand it, and said, "They can 't!"
Several Democrats said Trump's apology that it was just another proof that he was not eligible for the presidency.
The cafeteria has pushed off the market prices. Now returns in Greenpoint
Café Verb Cafe was a shabby place in Williamsburg, where you could only pay cash, without Wi-Fi, but where the coffee was served for 15 years.
Naturally, there was a displacement from the front of the house on Bedford Avenue.
Soap Cherie-store, which verb in the summer of 2014 replaced-sells soaps in the form of cakes.
The locals oplakali it as the last loss of a sprawling city.
The artist Molly Crabappleová on Twitter wrote: "New York is a change, I know, but I still can 't believe it is CBGB dead, hotel Chelsea ransacked and from verb is now a shop with soap."
But if the New York change, then it's also rediscovering.
The resurrected Verb cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original place.
The new verb has WiFi and accepts credit cards, but there are some of the original staff and there is a similar, modest atmosphere.
Also, the coffee is still good.
The manager of the new Verbu is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the original café, who is also the owner and CEO of the new site.
In verb he began in 2001 and remained until the end of the year.
When one of the customers offered him to pay to move to a new place, he said he would do it with joy.
Rodriguez (36) left a lot of things as they were.
Verb still has the same pastry supplier and bought the same model of espresso machine.
He even reused the lighting from the old Verbu.
But Rodriguez said he also wanted to try something new.
Started using new ingredients.
There are sandwiches with ham, eggs and cheese and toppingy, such as capers and fried onions.
There are also bowls of brown rice.
The café no longer gives beer, but offers fresh fruit juices.
After nine months Rodriguez noticed the constant influx of the original regulars.
"Many of the original customers also had to emigrate from Williamsburg for the prices", he said.
Last Sunday was one of these customers, Rebecca Oliveirová.
Mrs. Oliveirová (34) lived in Williamsburg and went to verb cafe often.
Even then, when the café moved to Greenpoint.
She said when verb shut down, she stopped drinking coffee for some time.
"I've found that what I like is coffee and culture in Verbu," she said.
Now he drinks coffee again, but on that day the place of her usual iced coffee was mixed by chai, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime customer, has been going to Verbu since 2003.
He goes before work and orders himself the same thing.
"In a quarter and eight here every day, like clockwork, I will come and prepare my bun with everything and butter for me," he said.
Photo: Rodriguez said he wanted to try something new and add new ingredients to the menu.
Mr. Rosenthal continues to order what he usually does, but sometimes he lets himself put bacon, eggs, and ham on his bun.
Rodriguez said that he was not sorry that the soap shop took his old place.
The truth is, that the owners of soap Cherie offered him the verb to produce a special soap and use the filtered coffee from the café as an ingredient.
"I think we could still use it," Rodriguez said.
Also, the traditional Polish residents of the Greenpoint Café accepted well.
One of the new customers bid translated into Polish and Rodriguez said he wanted to find a place where she will soon be exhibited to make his new neighbors feel at home.
The new place has even more advantages.
A local producer of fruit juices wants to be into bottles and sell filtered coffee.
There is a possibility to extend the café to an adjoining building.
Many customers just get their old favorite back.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer, and when the cafe closed, he said it broke his heart.
Mr. Whitt says that when the café has opened again, it can come in and have a coffee like coming home.
"I missed the scent," he said.
Depressed food from the time of crisis-in "square meal"
Shortly after the president's office in March 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat in the Oval Office and lunch.
Gourmet President Roosevelt Pochutnával on selected dishes from the 5th Avenue, as was the Paštička of Goose Gras and the Maryland Turtle soup.
His menu on this day but was more modest: eggs on the devil's Way in tomato sauce, potato purée and as a dessert plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who suffered," said Jane Ziegelmanová.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, "It was also the message of the Americans to eat."
The couple who live in Brooklyn Heights are dedicated to gastronomic history.
The last book of Andrew Coe "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Jane in her book "97 Orchard" tells the life story of a residential house on the Lower East Side through food.
Their new collaborative work "a square Meal", published by Harper on Tuesday, is the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed the culinary solidarity themselves and met the reporter for dinner in Eisenberg's shop with sandwiches, a small austere buffet in the Flatiron district, which has been in operation since the crisis, since 1929.
Jane (54) ordered cream cheese and a sandwich with chopped olives, Andrew (57) took a turkey, mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables.
The reporter ordered a meatball, which, according to the pair, was well-flung to talk about food during the crisis.
"Meatballs were very popular," said Miss Ziegelmanová.
He sold peanut, liver and bean meatball.
They were produced from that admixture and other inexpensive foods that set the ingredients.
Rebuild the amount of peanuts you would have to eat for dinner.
Andrew Coe grinned.
"They'd be in your stomach like lead," he said.
In the years prior to the crisis, American cuisine, especially in rural areas, was served in buffet style to eat what you eat.
The women's teams were cooking for farm workers and for breakfast, lunch and dinner, freshly baked cake was served.
They were Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War. "A square meal" follows the ways the nation copeded with the fact that it suddenly wasn 't a land of abundance.
"It was a time when food became the central, dreaded point for the American people," Coe said to explain why he and his wife decided to write about it.
The same feared was a new budget diet: it expanded mysterious dishes such as meatballs and dishes from kastrůlků, saucepan as "an amazing way to harness the remnants," remarked Ziegelmanová, because the chefs could hide the inaesthetic ingredients under the layer of creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit has been replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat-over the long years the central point of American food-has become economically přidělovaným luxury.
The strange blends that were supposed to serve as caloric and nutritional fillings had priority over taste or even common sense of cooking.
During the surveys for a book containing recipes, Miss Ziegelmanová prepared a period meal of baked onion filled with peanut butter.
"It wasn 't a favorite addition to the evening table," said Andrew Coe.
Jane Ziegelmanová emphasized: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter with baked onion doesn 't go together.
It was typical of a lot of homemade recipes.
Thus, like never before and never then, the domestic economists-among them Louise Stanley, Shere the Federal Bureau of Domestic Economy from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
He recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, urged women to take over the reins of the budget, and šlichty, such as creamy spaghetti with carrots, přeměňovaly on tasty dishes.
The book "A square Meal" is a celebration of the historical delicacies.
In particular, desserts arose in the government's response to its hungry citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's pose "I'll have a cake."
While publicly praising the simple iowskou of the farmer's Kitchen of his childhood, he tabled as a chosen millionaire to whom he became.
"I like to eat continental cuisine like fish with cucumber sauce," said Andrew Coe.
He ate in a nearly gilded room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was incredibly old-fashioned.
President Roosevelt would probably have made the same mistake if his wife Eleanor Hadn 't persuaded him to go for an example of his own stomach.
As the book recalls, Mrs. Roosevelt hired housekeeper, who was not interested in the taste at all. This led to the White House "not only served almost nejponurejší food throughout Washington, but also in a nejneutěšenějším way prepared."
A number of dining habits from the time of the crisis resolveded as the earth rebuilt on its feet.
The link remained in our constant exploration of calories and nutritional values, says Miss Ziegelmanová, and in the way that science is applied to cooking.
The couple says that during the writing of the book better understand the dietary habits of Miss Ziegelmanové 's mother-maybe why she couldn 't throw out the food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," said Andrew Coe.
Ziegelmanová Připoměla: "The people of it were wrong."
There was an accident with Garland.
When the Eisenberg were clean tables, she and Mr. Coe pulled out the dessert they had prepared at home: a plum dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It's called a plum cream," said Ziegelmanová, adding that the usual trick was to give modest recipes elegant names.
There was no cream, just plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Each reluctantly his a spoon into a thick brown mass.
Surprisingly, it was bad.
Andrew Coe added, and then again.
And as the right landlord said to his wife, "it would be a little chopped vlasak."
Europeans: Migrants go for benefits.
Most of the refugees who are rolling into Europe come from economic reasons.
Young Russians make fun of themselves.
That's how the series would look if we were shooting them.
A group of Russian artists, called 2d among us, makes fun of his native country.
Photoshop creates collages that illustrate how it would look if famous series and movies were filmed in Russia.
Gilead is entitled to reimbursement of the cost of legal representation in the case of the hepatitis Type C patent against the Merck Group
The judge of the District court ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc. is entitled to reimbursement of attorney fees incurred in the process of patent against hepatitis Type C against the drug manufacturers of Merck & Co. Inc.
In June, the judgment was annulled, according to which Gilead was to pay 200 million for damage due to the infringement of two Merck patents in connection with the very successful drugs of Gilead, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after the federal judge found out repeatedly the anti-infringement on Merck's side, among other things, a lie under oath and other unethical practices.
Federal judge Beth Labson Freeman said in the file on Thursday that Gilead is entitled to the waiver of fees incurred in connection with representation in the case.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for new generation drugs against hepatitis Type C, which can cure more than 90 percent of patients with this liver disease.
The case dates from 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and claimed to be the owner of basic laboratory research for sofosbuvir, an active ingredient of drugs from Gilead.
Americans supported military units claim to have gained full control of the city of Manbídž
Military units supported by the U.S. have gained full control of the northern city of Manbídž near the border with Turkey after the last Islamic State Warriors fled the city, said Friday's spokesman for the group.
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) now the city of Pročesává after leaving the rest of the group of radicals who are in the city of were.
The units liberated over 2 000 civilians, which radical their, told Reuters Sharfan Darwish of the alliance of SDF and the military Council of Manbídže.
"The city is now fully under our control, but we still search it", said Reuters.
Clinton made $10.75 million in 2015 and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent
On Friday, Hillary Clinton published its tax return for 2015, which states that the presidential nominee for Democrats and her husband had revenues of $10.75 million in a given year and did a real tax of 34.2 percent.
In 2015, Clinton donated $1 million to charity, predominantly to the Clinton Foundation (Clinton Foundation). Former Bill Clinton contributed to a common register amount of nearly $5.3 million in lectures, and former secretary of state admitted $3 million in revenue from publisher Simon & Schuster for his book on his tenure at the State Department.
The Clinton co-candidate, US Senator Tim Cain of Virginia, together with his wife Anne Holtonovou, published a tax return for 10 years.
They paid a real tax of 20.3 percent in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Cain continue to be a model of financial transparency," she said in a statement by Jennifer Palmieri, who helped Clinton with the campaign.
Against that, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and recedes from his earlier promises to publish his tax returns.
It is customary for US president candidates to publish their tax returns, even if the law is not imposed on them.
Trump, a trader from New York, and his lawyers quoted the audit of the tax department Ministerstav US Treasury as a reason for his refusal to publish the tax return.
"Your move," said Hillary Clinton, a campaign aide on Twitter, and followed up for the tax return of the Democrat.
Michael Cohen, a special Trumpův adviser, told CNN on Thursday that Trump would not allow the tax return to be published until the audits were finished.
According to the Trump critics, among them the Republican presidential candidate of 2012 Mitt Romney and other members of the Republican Party, they agree that his refusal raises questions about his net profits, charity contributions, commercial transactions, and various other relationships, including relations with Russia.
Clinton has a strong published on the issue and a video on Friday, in which he recalls the high position of the Republicans on Trump urge to make their tax returns published.
On Thursday, the question Zmíni in his speech to the economic issues in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what all the other candidates for the presidency have done for decades-to publish their tax returns," she said in front of the people.
The organization has argued that Trump has paid no or very low taxes for the last two years of the 1990s, and the New York Times quoted a number of tax advisers and accountants who claim to be so likely to be the case today.
Federal tax rates have become a topic in the presidential election.
Clinton enforces a rule named after Warren Bufettovi billionaires to ensure that everyone who earns more than $1 million in a year pays a tax of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supports the proposal.
Last week's buffet at the Clinton rally in Omaha, Nebraska, where the Buffetův conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway resides, has called for Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffett said he also passed the IRS audit and that Trump was "not afraid" of the tax office, but voters.
The Clinton campaign publisheded the tax return until 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, on average between 2007 and 2014, paid a federal tax of an average of 32 percent and a combined tax of approximately 40.5 percent.
The 2015 Clinton tax return shows that, unlike most Americans, wages are only $100 in their income.
Their main investment was the cost Mutual Index fund, from which Clinton reported income on dividends and interest of $109 000.
More news Kevin Drawbaugh, modifying Jonathan Oatis
Condoms filled with chilli or fireworks to protect elephants in Tanzania
Conservationists in Tanzania use the unorthodox way to prevent elephants from walking into human dwellings--throwing condoms on them filled with chilli powder.
This process proved successful and the Honeyguide Foundation, which came up with the idea a few years ago, together with the American Environmental organization The Nature Conservancy, the process promotes and trains volunteers in the villages in the north of Tanzania, using this nonviolent procedure in four steps to protect their homes and crops without harming animals.
Many previously used Spears to defend themselves.
Friday is the world Day of elephants, which is dedicated to the protection of these animals.
"From then on, what is developed this... set of tools, we have noticed a change in behavior in these communities. People are much more confident that they can keep the elephants out of their fields without wereing them," said the executive director of the Foundation Foundation Honeyguide Damian Bell in a statement.
The first and second step is on the passing elephant to shine a flashlight and run horn.
If it not it, the so-called "cloud of Chili" will be fired.
Chilli powder mixed with salt and Petardou is wrapped in a condom, its end zauzlujeed so that only the wick is looked at.
After firing, the condom will explode and rozpráší a fine powder of chilli into the air.
Usually one whiff is enough and the elephant is issued in another direction.
The last option is to detonate the fireworks, which will cause a loud, clear explosion.
The Jewish director leaned back into the Berlin hotel for having removed the code for calling Israel to the "request" of the Arabs-RT News
The French film director of Jewish descent evoked a stir in the media after finding that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin does not have a code for calling to Israel, according to the words of the employee on the basis of the "request" of Arab clients.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust "Shoah", has vented his frustration with the Kempinski Bristol Berlin Hotel in an open letter to the German newspaper Faz.
During his recent stay, Lanzmann attempted to find Israel in the list of calling codes in the hotel.
However, the state was not listed among the countries to which it is possible to call directly from the room.
How is it possible that in 2016 was in Berlin, the capital of Germany, Israel removed and deleted?
Written by Lanzmann.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers the possibility to call Israel via its own call centre.
The director was looking for explanations and turned to the reception of the hotel.
The answer he received Lanzmannaed in his words "shocked".
The staff of the hotel replied that the measure was "decided at the discretion of the management of Kempinski hotels."
The reason for this step is the director even more incensed.
"Most of our guests are Arabs and they demand that the calling code of Israel be deleted," quoted Lanzmann staff in his letter.
According to Suddeutsche Zeitung the Ambassador of Israel in Germany Yakov the serpents-Handelsman case called a "great shame".
Events we were horrified and shocked.
It's a huge shame in itself.
The fact that something like this occurred in Germany and in the hotel chain is even more shame.
Further explanations are not needed.
We expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions, "he said.
The event provoked a strong response online, people marked it as scandalous.
Some believe that Kempinski hotel is simply "lost" in the requirements of Arab customers.
"Shame on you," says the other post, which points out that the hotel, located in the posh street of Kurfurstendamm, is located near the synagogue.
According to the journal Spiegel, the hotel itself quickly dismissed any allegations by marking the event as "oversight" and Lanzmanovi "apologized".
"There has never been a direct command" not to include Israel in the list of codes to call, citing the Suddeutsche Zeitung representative of the Kempinski Hotel.
Adds that the calling code has been added to the list.
Police used tear gas and rubber projectiles against protesters to Brazilian students
A clash of students and police took place in San Paulo, Brazil on Thursday, when students met to demonstrate against government reforms in the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber projectiles against protesters.
The problem escalate when government riot services tried to up the students, which ended up being used by the police to use rubber projectiles and tear gas.
The demonstration was attended by several hundred students in order to express their fears of the plans.
Among the proposals of the Governor of the state of San Paulo Gerald Alckmina in order to save money is also the closure of nearly hundreds of public schools and relocation of 300 000 students.
Some of the demonstration participants were able to see how they sprayed on the wall inscriptions against the temporary President Michel Temerovi.
The latest protest comes only a few days after the demonstrators have taken massively into the streets to support the deposed President Dilmy Rousseffové, when the Senate in the country decided to indict it.
Trade between Russia and Iran grew by 71%-RT Business
According to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levana Dzhagaryana rose a turnover of 70.9 percent by year after the abolition of the sanctions between Moscow and Tehran.
As the ambassador has said, since the international sanctions against Iran have been abolished, there has been an increase in interest by Russian companies trading in the country.
Russian companies are rebuilding existing ties with Iran, while new firms are ready to enter the market.
Further expansion of trade is, of course, one of the main priorities for bilateral cooperation with Iran, "Dzhagaryan said.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016, sales between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period for 2015, reaching $856 million.
Specifically, Russia's export to Iran jumped 91.5 percent and reached $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to an amount of $158 million.
The leap increase in trade ensured the supply of machinery, land vehicles and weapons, "said the ambassador.
Dzhagaryan also expects Russia to visit a record number of tourists from Iran this year.
In the past year, Russia's diplomatic mission in Iran issued about 35 000 visas to Iran's citizens, mostly travel.
Moreover, Iran first got among the top 20 countries according to the number of tourists arriving in Russia.
It is safe to say that the record numbers of tourists from Iran in Russia from last year will be overcome, "he said.
At the same time, Iran is visited by a relatively small number of Russians. The ambassador hopes that there will be a change.
"Personally, I recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where they are in good condition surviving the relics of the ancient Persian civilization," he said.
Cattle call Skinner rushes home after the Brits get gold in cycling
Calli Skinner from Scotland entered last night into the Hall of Fame in the male team sprint at Velodrome in Rio, when the trio of the VB team vindicated the title from London 2012.
The Třiadvacetiletý native of Glasgow was in the role of the brake he took for his cattle Sir Chris Hoy, and the young legend was pleased when he přiřítil to the goal and stole the victory from the hands of Favorizovaného New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain surprisingly won and Hoy won the fifth of its six Olympic gold medals.
And the same trick was repeated after the end of the modest sixth at the world championships in track cycling in March, although Hoy ended his career in the meantime.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement for the specialized introductory racer Jamie staff.
Hindes appeared just in time.
After leaving Hoye also released a place that attempted to fill Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton.
Skinner was a man of British trainers and the search for potential has now been confirmed.
Kenny Hindes-who was together with the Hoyem champion four years ago-and with Skinner reached the Olympic record in qualifying, but the leotard took over in the first round of New Zealand.
And the British trio won gold in the team sprint.
Hindes was after his round slightly behind, but Kenny's team pushed forward and Skinner maintained the leadership.
The change of strategy was a large part of the transformation, when Hindes drove to a higher gear to slow down and allow Kenny and partly and Skinner to keep pace.
The Hoy race was watching from his position as a BBC commentator and when Skinner, Kenny and Hindes stepped on the podium, they didn 't let them eyes.
Třiadvacetiletý Skinner, a native of Glasgow, said, "It is a flattering comparison."
I am here to get the best out of myself and honor my name.
We created the Olympic record in the finals and we beat the best.
It was just incredible.
There is no better way to win it.
After a triumph next to Kenny and Hoye in London in 2012, Hindes admitted that he had fallen on the runway on purpose after a weak start.
The note later withdrew and rivals of Britain had no opportunity to appeal.
This time around this victory there was no such problem.
Hindes said, "with all those British flags on the bleachers I felt like London."
In the last three months we have all as a team huddled.
We lost in many world races, so again winning the Olympics is just amazing.
It is one event, one gold medal for the Nation, who won seven out of ten competitions in Beijing and London.
If this is to be a progress indicator over the past five months, then the velodrome awaits us for a successful five-day period.
With the form Kenny performed, it is not inconceivable that he would repeat Hoyův success and win three gold medals at the same Olympics.
It would then be for Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, it also has a birthday of March 23rd (this date seems to be for the British sport Sacred, on this day celebrating the birthday also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister)-meant a total of six gold and one silver medal.
Anyway, how much was Hoy.
As another, Kenny will participate in a sprint that starts today and lasts another three days.
-Native of Bolton said: "Now I enjoy this one.
The team race is always the best.
You win along with the others.
To tell the truth, winning for himself is a little lonely.
Hindes said, "If he wins the next two gold medals, he should get a knight's degree."
That was the only medal race that day, but Britain waited for some more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified as the fastest in the team's four-kilometer fighter race.
They ended up with time 3:51.943.
The world record that fell in London in 2012 is 3:51.659.
The first round and the finals (22:42) are held in today's second day of the race, which will certainly focus on the Wiggins.
Yesterday, before the qualifying race, he debated with the Commissioners when the referee called him to measure the height.
In a similar race of women who continues and ends tomorrow, they reached Laura Trottová, Joanna Rowsell Shandová, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie world record with time 4:13.260.
The VB team relying to its strong track cycling team and dominated the mid-term Olympic Games and won a lot of medals.
After a truly exceptional feat, demonstrating a total preponderance in Beijing and London, the anticipation of the Rio's preparations has declined.
In the background, odvíjely dramatic events, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April due to allegations of sexism and discrimination, and the end of the career of greats such as Hoy or Victoria Pendleton.
However, as the first night of the velodrome, it appears that the legendary reputation that the UK team is able to give peak performance with perfect timing could be reaffirmed.
The uncertain future of smelter in Portland after the end of the energy supply contract
The future of Portland smelter Aluminium in Victoria-and jobs of hundreds of workers-is uncertain due to the power plant, which the company supplies electricity and which informed the intention of one of the owners of the smelter to terminate the electricity supply agreement. All electricity supply contracts are expected to be shortened.
This is the case after the government of Victoria, earlier this year, decided not to extend the provision of subsidies that the firm keeps running.
The fixed years subsidy will expire in November.
In the Alcoa Portland business, up to 2,000 jobs can be in jeopardy.
Up to 2,000 jobs-direct or indirect, may be at risk when closed.
And since melting consumes about 10 percent of the total electricity produced in Victoria, further lavinovitým impacts may occur.
Alcoa closed Tavírnu Point Henry in 2014, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
The melting of Alcoa in Portland is Prodělečná and threatens to close.
This step follows annual speculation about the future of the company, initially in response to the strong Australian dollar and, in recent times, due to the plant's production prices.
AGL, which gives the large tavírně of aluminum electricity from power plant Loy Yang and in the Valley of Latrobe Valley, said it expects one of the other three owners to also decide to terminate the contract.
The majority owner of the plant is a joint venture by Alcoa and Alumina, a small business holding is held by the Chinese company Citic and Japanese Marubeni Corp.
"AGL expects that the Portland race will continue to function, in other words, that vyzická demand for electricity from smelter will continue," she said.
AGL stated that the treaties were so-called "reinsurance contracts" which were to enter into force from November 2016.
Contracts have 12 months ' notice, so their validity will actually expire in 2017.
"AGL continues to assume that the treaties will contribute to the profit for fiscal year 2017", said the power plant.
Any possible impact on profits AGL from fiscal year 2018 is currently limited due to the strong outlook of the commodity market for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said it had already written the value of the contracts according to its books of $187 million "in the event that Ukončoení would have occurred."
Alcoa stated that the decision to terminate the contract "does not affect its... the ability to operate TAVÍRNU or secure the supply of electricity to the smelter."
The American company said that in 2010 it closed with Loy Yang contract for 20 years, which was supposed to start to apply from November this year, although still have to explain why it withdrew from the contract.
Analysts are very cautious about the possible closure of Portland smelter in Victoria and plant Tomago near Newcastle due to the weak economy in the industry.
The head of Operation AGL Stehpen Mikkelsen, who turned to analysts at the beginning of this week, said that Portland annually consumes about 600 megawatts of electric energy and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
If both of these companies would be withdrawn from the market, this would mean a substantial reduction in market demand [electricity].
It wouldn 't be good for us as a manufacturer, "he said.
Kendall is not only the star of the real estate TV show of the Kardashian-now is the cover of September Vogue
Kendall Jenner (20), model and fourth daughter of the mother-manager of the clan Kris Kardashian-Jenner, appeared on the title page of the September edition of the American magazine Vogue.
Kendall, the brand ambassador of Estee Lauder, who off to Fashion week in Milan, Paris, and New York, announced the news on the Instagram account on Thursday.
"I want to cry in a room full of people I love," said Kendall, looking at this cover page.
The discovery of the cover page followed by a bizarre (or simply sequel to Humoresky in the administration of the Kardashian?) staged video, in which the whole family of the Kardashian-Jenner (bar rioters Rob and Caitly and with them all the favorite uncle of showbiz, producer Keeping up Ryan's acreage). They forgot the envelope of their sisters, only that the scene could end in a classic turn: They prepare a secret party.
It's a Obehraná story line of almost every "birthday" episode of a children's TV show (the acreage is being carried: "Did you think we forgot about you?" with the sincerity of a cartoon rabbit at eight o'clock in the morning), but Kris somehow needed to make sure that the other girls could feed on this publicity.
Because if we look at the September number of Vogue magazine, we have certainly entered the new era of the Kardashian.
Elder sister Kim might have pushed Kendall on the cover of Vogue (she was on it together with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the title September issue of the magazine is another league.
The September issue of Vogue is the bestselling number of the whole year.
The edition, which resembles a book for advertising purposes rather than fashion magazine, attracts a wide range of advertisers (fashionista reckoned that from 832 pages in the last edition was 615 pages with advertising content).
The revelation of the star that appears on the front page is eagerly anticipated, so it is not surprising that in the past two years the pictures of the magazine have leaked before its official publication.
Among the women who appeared in the past on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evandelista or Kate Moss.
In recent years, the title page has certainly appeared more "celebrities who make models" than "models that are celebrities."
Jennifer Lawrence, an Oscar winner and a Dior brand ambassador, appeared on the headline in 2013, a year later she had the honor of Lags Gaga.
But even though it is very unlikely that Kendall-which magazine describes as a "groundbreaking model" of its generation-falls into the first category, it will be in a very good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of the well-known people, nor the stars of real estate shows, or children of today, they know how to make a well spliced video (although Jenner presents all this).
They are demonstrably talented women who excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyoncé, who appeared on the front page last year, had one of the strongest years in her career thanks to the release of the album Lemonade.
Of course not everyone is excited about Jenner's success.
Her position in the world of fashion will always be difficult because of her participation in reality show.
Stephanie Seymorová, the original model Victoria's secret in June criticised Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadidovou and dubbed them "the time-hookers".
These feelings flared up again with the news that Jenner would appear on the cover of Vogue.
But this dissatisfaction is not in place.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of September Vogue.
He's a supermodel in the truest sense of the word.
He's showing for Mark Jacobs.
He sells you make up from Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their own paywallech.
He sells photos of Cindy Crawford's daughter shot for Love magazine.
And in his free moments he works in reality show, perhaps only as one of the ways to see Kourtney and her children.
Community Legal aid centres reject 160 000 people a year
More than 160 000 of the most vulnerable citizens are rejected every year in the community centres of legal aid, and the sector itself is preparing for impacts, which will have further restrictions on the funds for the already extremely busy service.
In Queensland three of the five people-mostly people in advanced age, immigrants, threats to workers, victims of violence and people without funding to be able to fight with unfair eviction and the like-are refusing as soon as they seek free legal aid and representation.
Community legal services, which are already so tense to rupture, are preparing for further cuts.
From June next year, these legal aid centres will lose 30 percent of federal finance.
Director of community Centers of legal aid in Queensladu James Farrell said that, according to the latest summary report of the National Association of Community Legal Aid centres, five thousand people were dismissed each year.
Mr. Farrell said that without annulling the federal government's decision, the situation would worsen.
"Community centers of law in Queensland are chronically underfunded, which means that thousands of people are being rejected by the vital services they need," he said.
People who escaped from relations with the rapist, people with excessive and crippling debts, families passing through separation, workers who are unfairly released-all these people have problems with the legal dimensions and this report shows that they do not have a chance to get the help they need.
As of June 2017, the federal government will reduce funding by 30 percent, leading to more thousands of vulnerable people from Queensland having to orientate themselves in complex legal problems without assistance.
We call on the prosecutor and Senator Queensland George Brandise to immediately prevent this curtailment of finance so that people can get the help they need when they get into legal problems.
In the past year, the state Government has honored its commitment to finance legal aid up to a nationwide average.
Now is the time to look at the needs of community centers of legal assistance and the community of their clients and the Palaszczukova government must invest in this important work.
Action on Donald Trump's campaign after the staff member allegedly pointed the weapon
NEW York: On Donald Trump's campaign, an action was brought for alleged inaction after it was told that the director of operations in North Carolina in February pointed the weapon to a staff member during a jeep ride.
The incident was described in the court file, which was passed on Wednesday by the state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer of the campaign in the state.
Bordini said that the moon had been waiting for the situation to be resolved internally, rather than concluding that "it would not."
Director Earl Phillip, "he gestured, put his finger on the trigger, and pointed the barrel to Vincent on the kneecap," said Bordini in the suit.
The file states that Bordini after the complaint at the local and regional leadership of the campaign found that at least four other people had experienced the same thing with Phillip.
"Weapons do not have to fire to cause damage", said Bordini in the application.
The action comes only two days after what the Republican presidential candidate has summoned a upheaval when voters in North Carolina said they might intervene in the owners and holders of arms (which is regulated in the US in the Second Amendment of the Constitution), if his opponent Hillary Clinton is elected and can appoint his judge.
The Trumpova campaign says that the media has snatched his words from the context and that Trump's violence did not defend.
Bordini in the application seeks compensation from the campaign for careless supervision and from Phillip for threats to personal security, illegal use of violence and the cause of emotional harm.
The Trumpova spokesman, Hope Hicks, did not immediately respond to the comment request message.
Attempts to get statements from Phillipa have been unsuccessful.
The WCCB, a local news branch in the city of Charlotte, announced that Phillip had recently retired from the campaign.
The call to his consulting company Innovative Consulting Services did not respond in a short time.
The Republican nominee for president Donald Trump leads the controversial election campaign.
Case Bordini versus Donald J. Trump for President Inc., 16-en-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain must spread further the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also be a source of renewal and prosperity not only for our local communities and across the London, but throughout the country.
For me, Heathrow is a tremendously appealing way, just as was London 2012, when we have developed an extraordinary effort to ensure that all our nations and regions will be able to benefit from the Olympic Games.
The Olympic Games marked tremendous benefits for Startford and the East End.
And we will do it again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses near Heathrow.
Just for our local communities we create 10 000 new výučních sites, 40 000 new jobs and an with youth unemployment in the vicinity of the airport.
Like before the London Olympics in 2012, there are some who will think that the Heathrow extension is too big.
I was told that Britain would never be ready for the Olympic Games and that the world stage zesměšníme.
The doubters were wrong in 2012, and even in the case of Heathrow, they were not right.
It will always be necessary to conquer obstacles, but Heathrow can answer every question that concerns it.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project in which many people and companies are involved, not just a few.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create 180 000 new jobs, economic growth of 211 billion pounds, to leave a legacy in the form of skills and employment both around the airport and throughout the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which in time and with the budget set up a program of infrastructure investments for 11 billion pounds, starting with the terminal T5-which was voted the best terminal in the world five years behind, the terminal T2, which was built between the two busiest ranvejemi in the world.
Now they are ready to deliver third runway, for which they cost £ 16 billion of private investment.
The Games in London in 2012 were a huge success of the UK and I am convinced that the Heathrow extension will be the same.
It is time for us to continue to spread the spirit of the Olympic Games and to extend Heathrow, to ensure trading in the future and to leave the legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Board of Directors and former deputy for commercial affairs of the Ministry of Finance.
Adblock Plus-Facebook in-game for cat and mouse in AD blocking
Of the attempts to bypass the blocking advertising programs, the game has become a cat and a mouse for companies that earn online marketing. At least this is claimed by one of the companies that program the software.
On Thursday, therefore, only two days after Facebook announced that it would block the advertising filters on its desktop site, Adblock Plus on its site published a post in which it states that users can update the filters in their program and re-block the ad on this social network.
Facebook on Tuesday said its desktop website will change the encoding around ads to make it more difficult for ad filters to find out which parts of the page are advertising.
But Adblock now claims that the new codes already bypass.
A spokesman for Adblock Ben Williams wrote in a blog post that "this sort of war between the open source community of ad blocking and those trying to circumvent it has since been blocking ads," and that Facebook is likely to come up with another custom fix.
The fact that the company owning the largest social network in the world has been involved in the war only proves how big a problem with ad blocking for industry has become.
According to a study, Tkerou last year, Pagefair and Adobe used worldwide filters of ads of around 200 million people-almost four times as it did in 2013.
Mobile advertising now reaches 84 percent of profits from advertising on Facebook, every day Facebook from mobile devices visits 1.03 billion active users.
The spokesman said that the company is opposed to advertising filters on desktops, because mobile ads on social network and Instagram mobile apps don 't work.
Ads on desktops still represent profits high enough to make Facebook decide to invest in it.
Facebook also said on Tuesday that it will update the "AD preferences" tool to give people the ability to better control how their ads appear.
On Thursday, Facebook said that new Adblock filters are worrying because they might also block content that isn 't related to advertising.
"It's not a pleasant experience for people, and we want to solve this problem," said a Facebook spokesperson in an email statement.
Blocking advertising is an insensitive tool, and therefore we prefer to focus on building tools such as ad preferences that give control to people.
Woman collided car Swiss highway
The victim lay on the highway in the middle of the night.
The police are looking for a witness event, in which Thursday in the morning was on the highway several wagons run over by a woman who was probably attempting to commit suicide.
The accident occurred on the A1 motorway near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight in Čtvtek.
The police in Vaud stated in the statement that the player of "desperate action" lay in the dark on the road and ran it several cars.
It is clear that the victim, a woman aged 49, wanted to kill and hit her several cars, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Several drivers have already been heard, but according to the police, they were still not identified. The police call on these drivers and all the others who witnessed the accident to sign up.
It opened a criminal investigation, a "logical" step in a situation like this, said for Le Tribune de Geneve legal representative Gilles Hofstetter.
It is still necessary to ascertain whether any of the drivers involved will face some accusations.
Could the collision be prevented?
This must be determined by the plaintiff, "said Hofstetter.
On the basis of two similar cases over the past five years, drivers do not seem to be responsible.
In both cases-one of which was a person going down the highway-it was decided that motorists could not expect pedestrians, which in the middle of the night crossed the highway, as the newspapers said.
Last year, police officer was deprived of allegations of death from negligence after the night in August 2014 and the killed man who lay on the A1 motorway near Paynerne.
In court, the victim at the age of 22 sipping alcohol and fainted on the road.
The court found that the police officer-who responded to the emergency call-was in a reasonable manner, and that the presence of the man on the road was "a very exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone with information about the Thursday incident that occurred at Morges should log on to the police on phone numbers 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Tolerant City.
Prague is a popular LGBT community destination.
The Association of Czech Travel Agencies and agencies (AČCKA) expects to have up to 20,000 visitors to Prague in Prague Pride.
On Friday, the Executive Director AČCKA Katerina P.
The sixth year of Prague Pride began on August 8th, the festival approaches the life of lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender (LGBT).
Last year, about 35 thousand people attended the event.
"Prague is one of the most popular LGBT community destinations, for a high tolerance level and a wide range of specialized businesses," said P.
According to the organizers ' survey, the festival's foreign visitors spend an average of 3100 crowns per person per day.
Gay tourists are in support of their travel available special maps of Prague with a complete list of gay and gay-friendly bars, clubs, cafes and restaurants in the form of mobile applications etc.
"For tourism in general, the LGBT clientele is very lucrative, interested in staying in higher price ranges with a high standard of travel services and spending more than others," said P.
The first Pride Tourism Symposium is held this year as part of the festival programme.
It is carried out by experts from the LGBT tourism industry from Europe, the USA and China.
The festival continues on Sunday, August 14th.
The main theme of this year is love, but the event will also be pursued by several thematic areas, which are family, AIDS prevention and transgender issues.
The highlight of the festival will be a traditional parade on Saturday with allegorical cars, which will go from Wenceslas Square to Letná.
The parade, which was attended by thousands of people in recent years, this year will a minute silence of the victims of the June assault in the nightclub in Orlando, where an attacker shot 49 people, predominantly homosexuals.
Pat and Mat celebrate forty years.
Neodraditelní Yourselfer Pat and Mat, whose efforts usually end in disaster, entertain small and large viewers for forty years.
The pilot part of this večerníčkového series of director Lubomír Beneš premiered on August 12, 1976.
Behind the emergence of this animated series, which is now known to viewers in more than 100 countries of the world, were cartoon jokes of the artist and director Lubomír Beneš, who up for a magazine with two hobbyists, Masters Ouholíčkem and Sedlec.
Beneš then invited to the cooperation of Dramaturge Jiří Kubicek and the artist Vladimír Jiránek and together they created the film Kuťáci.
Today's appearance with a yellow and red trick and Kulichem and radio was given to the characters in 1979, when he started a series for Slovak television in the short film Prague.
The names Pat and Mat then Yourselfer received in 1985, this time it was already filmed directly for the short film Prague.
In 1990, Lubomír Beneš founded his own studio of the animated film AIF studio in Prague and Zurich, where other parts were created.
After his death in 1995, other works were continued with other filmmakers, many of whom were Beneš son Marek.
There are currently over ninety episodes with stories of these handymen, they poured under their hands, but they are never angry and are always filled with optimism, ideas, and kutilského enthusiasm, and are finally satisfied with their work, which will demonstrate a familiar gesture of "... and that's it!".
Even from TV screens, Pat and Mat moved to books, DVDs and theaters, and the characters or other toys depicting Pata and Mata are the hit of every toy store.
Fairy tale for Fiji and for two years of harmony.
The end of the week is in the sign of fairy tales, we have chosen one for you sports and one of life.
They both have a good ending.
Let's take a look.
Fiji has achieved historic success.
What is the reason for the joy of the whole country?
The two-year-old British girl has an identical friend and is happy with her.
And for what things people spend most at airports?
This is the Friday overview of the world's web sites.
The first medal of the Olympic Games.
Historical success is celebrated by the island state of Fiji.
The rugby selection of this archipelago was defeated in the finals of the United Kingdom's seven-rugby Olympic tournament.
It is the first medal that has won the Fiji Olympics.
The waiting for the first precious metal profit lasted sixty years since the first expedition to the Olympic Games.
The Fiji coach is the great credit for success.
But ironically, Brit is Ben Ryan.
The team has been leading since 2013 and after the finals as a British citizen, he could have been satisfied in contrast to his compatriots.
"Let's play freely and easily and see if we can make the biggest match in our history," the trainer said before the finale.
Fiji has finally been masterfully dominated, and a small state with 900 thousand inhabitants is now experiencing an Olympic fairy tale.
The report was brought by the French daily Le Monde.
New friend and luck for little girl.
2 Harmony-Rose Ivy Allen, who has been living without hands and feet since 11 months, has received a new friend.
A doll that looks like her.
"Mom, she's like me," rejoice a two-year girl as her mother told ABC News.
She added that her daughter liked the dolls off hands and feet and then sat together without prosthetics.
The harmony was diagnosed with meningitis Type B in less than a year, doctors gave her only a 10 chance of survival.
There's nothing I don 't love about her.
She's beautiful, clever, funny and never gives up.
He's got a view.
I saw her presenting to other children with the words Hi, I am harmony and I have no hands, added the mother.
Look at the joy of the doll.
How much do we spend at the airport?
CNN brings the findings that people at airports most spend on bottled water.
The Hudson's travel essential stores chain has published data for the past year, summarising the 10 products that customers buy in their airports most often.
The water was sovereign first.
The drinks were generally very popular, eight of them were placed in the top ten.
Ninth place occupied a large pack of candy M&M with coconut flavor.
And can you guess who's closing the first ten?
You can 't eat as one of the above-mentioned things.
According to CNN, it's the Wall Street Journal.
Other popular newspapers sold at airports include: New York Post, The New York Times USA Today.
Among the magazines are Us Weekly, in touch and The Economist.
Veslařští sovereigns.
We're just going to win, Murray and Bond laughed.
Rowers Eric Murray and Hamish Bond from New Zealand masterfully kralují the category of doubles without the helmsman for seven years and confirmed their dominance at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At first glance, the odd pair moved to the smaller crew after the Olympics in Beijing and crushed the competition since 2009.
On the lagoon of Rodrigo de Freitase, the Thursday finals were 69. Winning in a row.
What are we different than the others?
We are simply prettier, joked Murray already during the Olympic Regatta, when he was to answer questions about the dominance of the New Zealand couple.
Honestly, we don 't do anything different from others.
Just hard we, very hard.
And we are constantly striving to improve our technique, that is our philosophy, said Murray more seriously.
Their domination is remarkable because they are physically different.
Murray is almost-and Stokilový Chasník, the academic-looking bond is five centimeters smaller and 15 kilograms lighter.
Moreover, they have a different nature.
Bond studies and devotes himself to finance, Murray has a charity boxing match.
That's why they don 't spend much time together outside the rowing.
Eric's getting into the ship basically with the fact that we can 't lose.
We're just going to win.
I have a tendency to think about what can go wrong, confessed Bond, who even at the press conference has been illustrating that the dominant in the crew is Murray.
He always answered the first and bond was waiting for his opportunity.
On the water, however, it destroys the opponent with a quiet force.
They are riding their pace, and though they are often not at the helm of the middle of the track, they have not found a prescription for their gradual acceleration.
Race on the Dvoukilometrové track and we never wanted to go the first kilometer of the stop.
We're just trying to drive a pace that no one else can.
We know what we have to do to win, Čtyřiatřicetiletý Murray said.
With his four years younger partner, he won seven gold medals at the world championships.
Triumfovali also in 2007, when both members were gold four without a helmsman.
Just after the unexpected failure of the larger crew at the Beijing Olympics, a year later, they decided to take a second without a helmsman.
At the London Olympics, the biggest defeat in the career was evident and the dominance was confirmed in Rio.
London was very intense.
We did everything the coach told us, and they didn 't ask.
This time it was a little funnier.
We knew it was going to be damn hard, and we had to make sure we were mentally well, Murray said.
We know we all want to topple us from the throne.
We still have the target on your back.
But we're trying to be half a step before everybody, he added.
Climate model by NASA: Venus was once a habitable
According to the projections of the new NASA climate model, Venus was once habitable.
Scientists at NASA's Goddardově Institute for Space Studies have developed a model for exploring Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those used by scientists dealing with climate studies.
The model was designed to determine whether, once on Venus, the surface of which is hot, water-free and saturated with CO2, conditions could reign similar conditions to Earth.
Scientists have previously suggested that the low rotational speed of Venus can be explained by its dense atmosphere.
However, according to the latest simulations, Venus seems to have once boasted a loose atmosphere of a similar earth, turning slowly.
The model also dealt with the earlier topography of Venus.
On the planet, areas have probably been drier than on earth, but once there was enough water and geographical diversity to rule life and provide protection against rapid evaporation.
Venus had previously also used the sun, which was 30 percent more subdued.
"In the simulation of the GISS Venus model during slow rotation, he exhibited his daily side to the sun almost two months at a time," explained the scientist from Giss Anthony del Genio in a new report.
This is the heat of the surface and the formation of rain, which creates a dense layer of clouds that act like an umbrella and a surface zaštiťujíed in front of excessive solar heat.
The result is a climate with average temperatures that are actually a little lower than currently on Earth.
The model was compiled by the story of Venus, similar to evolution, previously hypothetically compiled by planetary scientists.
Although Venus was likely to be habitable in the past--over several billion years--it was exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Its oceans odpařily and water vapors were burned by ultraviolet light.
Hydrogen escaped and only the dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide, with the deadly effect of greenhouse gas--is Venus as we know it today.
Researchers have made their results from the new climate model of Venus published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigned on the Colorado Avalanche coach's post
Patrick Roy, on Thursday, resigned his post as a coach and vice president of the Colorado Avalanche hockey operations team, as a reason stated the inability to participate in the decision-making process on team issues.
Executive Vice President/General manager of Colorado Joe Sakic confirmed the step and stated that the club would start looking for a new trainer immediately.
"For the past three years, I have worked as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche, with energy, passion and determination," said-Roy in a statement.
For a long time and intensively, I wondered how I could improve the team, give it the depth it needs, and get it to the next level.
In order to achieve this, the vision of the trainer and the vice president of hockey operations must be consistent with the vision of the Organization.
They must also be able to participate in decisions which have an impact on the performance of the team.
These conditions are not currently met.
Sakic, who received Roy on 23 May 2013, thanked him for his team's contributions.
"Patrick informed me of his decision today," Sakic said.
We value everything that has been done for our Organization, and wish him good luck for the future.
Roy was nominated to win Jack Adams as the best coach of the league during his first season with Avalanche 2013/2014.
He led the team to profit 112 points and the first place in the Central Division. But Colorado was struggling with Minnesota in the first round of playoffs, and during the last two years he always had no matches after the season.
The Avalanche team in the 2015/2016 season reached a score of 39:39:4 and he missed five points to get the second wild card in the Western Conference.
Goalkeeper Roy, who enrolled in the Hall of Fame, won the Stanley Cup four times--twice with Montreal Canadiens and twice with the avalanche.
Workers on the North Sea oil rig regenerate interviews and disrupt the strike
The leaders of the parties said that the strikes due to the wages for oil rig workers in the North Sea were interrupted while all parties to the dispute met a new round of negotiations.
The strikes against the Oil Field Service company in the Wood Group sporadically took place on platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and union Unite and RMT can confirm that they have agreed to renew the process to address the current disagreements," the statement says.
Starting next week we will have a series of full-day meetings during the upcoming few weeks, where we will try to look at the problems from new angles.
According to trade unions, their recent action, which, according to their words, was the first in more than 25 years to protest wage cuts by up to 30 percent.
Wood Group reduced its rates this year and paid its suppliers in the North Sea about 9 percent less due to negative market pressure.
A reduction in company rates comes after a 10 reduction for coastal companies in 2014.
The company argues that further cuts would provide the company with a space to cope with the market downturn.
On the other hand, Shell country from their payrolls thousands of people and announced plans to abandon oil and gas operations in 10 countries due to the modernisation of their processes-immediately after the mega merger with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to low oil prices, the economic situation associated with the červnovým decision of Britain to leave the European Union.
At the beginning of the week, member of Scotland, Dave Anderson, met with the trade union leaders to discuss one of the greatest working divisions of the whole generation that led to a strike in the North Sea.
The North Sea, as stated, is vital to the economy in the region.
"In the North Sea and across the country we need an economy that works for all, not only for some," said the statement.
For comparison, in 2016 almost $1.4 billion of investment in new projects in the North Sea is expected, while the average over the past five years has been around $7 billion.
Kepler measures the rotational speed of the stars in Plejádách
The latest mission of the Keplerova Space Telescope to help astronomers is to obtain a nearly complete list of rotational speeds of stars from clusters Pleiades.
The new data helps astronomers understand why the stars in cluster spin at different speeds, and also how the time of rotation is related to the zformováním of the planet.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other Hvězdokupami we learn more about the relationship between star matter, its age and even history in its solar system," said Luisa Rebull, research worker at the center of Caltech's Infrared processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, new report.
Cluster Pleiades is located 445 light years from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster are now reaching the state of adulthood, and have arisen over 125 million years.
It now rotates quickly.
At peak speeds, these teen stars release huge amounts of stellar wind.
Because these winds move along the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a slowing effect.
Along with the star's age, the speed of rotation slows down.
Kepler measures the rotational speed of each star by measuring the time between the discovery of recognizable dots on the stars--similar to sunspots.
According to the latest data on rotation speeds, larger stars rotate more slowly than less massive stars.
The rebull compares the stars to the dancers, the bigger they make pirouettes slower than the smaller ones.
"In the" ballet "Pleiades we see that the slower spinning stars are massive, while those that are spinning the fastest are usually very light stars," said Rebulli.
As the cluster Pleiades is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory for comparison of star quality and rotational speed.
"Pleiades give us an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, in younger and older stars," said Rebulli.
There is still much that we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow down their rotational speed and so to speak "hang their dancing shoes to cloves".
Rebull and her colleagues described in detail the latest analysis of the rotational speed of Pleiades in three studies, which will soon be published in the journal Astronomical Journal.
is the qualifying agreement necessary?
If I nepřihlásila, then would the qualifying agreement Neuzavírala and after a few months I could go to another hospital?
Is it possible to work after studying without logging into specialisation education?
I am concerned that in the field in which I would like to work, there is now a vacancy only in a rather distant hospital, but in about half a year it might be possible to make room in another where I would then like to work.
So I don 't know how to deal with the situation about the half, the question goes.
Corresponds to Mgr. Lenka v.
No law provides for the obligation to conclude a qualifying agreement with the employer-hospitals.
A qualifying agreement is a legal institution governed by the Labour Code and may be concluded between the employee and the employer in order to ensure the return of costs incurred in raising or prohlubováning the employee's qualification.
In the health sector, long-term pressure is being exerted on the non-conclusion of these agreements with a view to ensuring the occupational mobility of health professionals and not all hospitals currently require this agreement.
Pursuant to Act No. 95/2004 Coll., on the conditions for the acquisition and recognition of professional competence and specialized fitness for the medical profession of a doctor, dentist and pharmacist, it is expressly true that participation in specialisation education is considered as a deepening of qualifications (not for raising it).
This means that the qualifying agreement may be concluded under the Labour Code only if the costs amount to at least 75 000 CZK.
No legislation nor provides for the obligation to apply for specialisation training.
The law only lays down the conditions for an application for inclusion in the field of specialisation education.
The Doctor is entitled, however, by law to practise the profession of doctors already through the completion of the necessary higher education, albeit under the prescribed conditions (under the professional supervision of a doctor with specialist competence in the relevant field).
The law foresees a situation where professional experience may be counted in a doctor's specialisation training, if its content and scope are consistent with the relevant training programme.
In theory, it would be possible to count the time worked elsewhere, which would correspond to the tazatelčině situation.
However, in view of the fact that I do not know the particular circumstances of this case, it is advisable to consult the relevant department of the Ministry of Health (Department of Science and Medical professions), since the Ministry of Health of the law provides consultancy and consultancy services related to the inclusion in specialisation education and its course.
The advisory service is also provided free of charge by the Czech Medical Chamber, of which each physician must be a member.
Doctors from Syria Halabu are asking for US intervention.
The United States has not made any effort to end the siege (rebel part of the city by government forces), and has not used its influence to promote the protection of civilians, quoted from a letter addressed to the White House by AFP agency.
"We do not need tears, compassion, and not even prayers; but we desperately need to create over the East Halabemless zone to stop attacks, and we need international action to ensure that Halab will not be again surrounded," said the doctors.
Russian forces that support the military's loyal President Bashar Assad have announced that they will stop every day for three hours from now in the Halabu area to allow for safe passage to humanitarian convoys.
From 9:00 to 12:00 CEST, all military activities, air attacks and artillery fire are to be stopped.
UN humanitarian operations chief Stephen O'Brien welcomed it, stressed, however, that at least a two-day truce was needed.
On Obama, according to AFP in a letter, 15 out of 35 doctors, who operate in the eastern part of Halabu, were already dominated by the rebels.
They write that during the five-year war they witnessed the violent, cruel death of countless patients, friends and colleagues.
The world looks and notes how complex Syria is, but it does little to protect us.
The recent offerings of the evacuation of the population from Syria's regime and Russia sound like only lightly veiled threats, said pediatricians, surgeons and other doctors.
The doctors said there were 42 attacks on medical devices in Syria in the past month, 15 of them at hospitals in which they were working.
The most sad thing is that we must decide who will live and who dies.
There are small children in the emergency room with such serious injuries that we must choose among those who are most likely to survive.
And sometimes we do not have the necessary material to help them, described by the doctors.
Two weeks ago, four newborns suffocated when the explosion interrupted the oxygen supply to their incubators.
Pantinged for breath, and then their life ended--before he could actually begin, they reminded.
The army loyal to the president of Bashar Assad, supported by Russian forces, in the past weeks encircle insurgents controlled by the eastern part of Halabu, inside it found itself without the supply of food to over 200,000 people.
The rebels, who are under constant blows from the Russian and Syrian air force, have been able to break and start the Protiofenzivu on Saturday after three weeks.
The two parties were then reinvigorated in the city and its surroundings.
