Eight-year-old chef found dead in store in San Francisco
The 28-year-old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was the steps of a local store this week.
But the victim's brother says he can't think of who would want to hurt him, adding: "He's finally started to thrive."
The body found in Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as 8-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the medical examiner's office said.
The San Francisco Police Department said this is a violent death and an investigation is underway.
The victim's brother Louis Galicia for the ABC KGO station in San Francisco said Frank, who was previously a regular chef in Boston, got his dream job as a chef at the Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokesman for the restaurant Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" by his death.
"We have a small team that works as a close-knit family. We will miss him very much," said a spokesman.
At this difficult time, our thoughts and grief belong to Frank's family and friends.
Louis Galicia said that Frank first slept in the accommodation, but that recently "he had finally begun to thrive."
"He found an apartment, he was dating a girl," said Louis Galicia for KGO.
Louis Galicia said he couldn't think of anyone who wanted to hurt his younger brother.
He had a kind soul and a big heart.
When he wanted to connect with his family, he always cooked us food, he made us dinner, "Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to participate in any argument.
He was a brother who took things the way they are.
"Even if everything else in the world was wrong, he was a rough diamond that lit up every day," he said.
If you have any information, please call the SFPD line at number: 415-575-4444.
Czech Railways has invested over $31 billion in upgrading vehicles.
They have air conditioning and new toilets.
In the last six years, the state carrier has invested over $31 billion in upgrading vehicles.
A third of the cars are currently equipped with air-conditioning, about half of the trains have a new system of closed WC.
However, the amounts for modernisation in individual years with the exception of 2012 are gradually decreasing.
Czech Railways has invested over $31 billion in upgrading vehicles over the past six years.
A third of the cars are currently equipped with air-conditioning, about half of the trains have a new system of closed WC.
The money spent has been shown to reduce the average age by two years for locomotives and separate units and six years for classic cars.
A greater share of the investment put the carrier in regional transport, where about 60 per cent of that money was directed, 40 per cent then the company invested in the recovery of vehicles for long-distance transport.
The average age of locomotives and units is currently 19 years.
However, the upgraded older vehicles are counted as completely new in this indicator.
If vehicle upgrades were not counted, the average age of CHD driving vehicles would increase by 10 years.
Slightly older are, on average, passenger cars, whose average age at offsetting upgrades is 23 years.
If only the age from the date of production were taken into account, the average age of these vehicles would be 33.4 years.
However, classic sets made up of wagons and towed locomotives have gradually disappeared from both Czech and global railways in recent years and are being replaced by motor or electric units.
Between 2011 and 2015, the locomotive dropped from 280 to 223 units, similarly dropping the number of classic cars from 2716 in 2011 to 2132 in the middle of this year.
The carrier was mainly stripped of old vehicles equipped with leather seats and doors without the possibility of blocking the opening while driving.
From January to July, the carrier let down 110 of these cars.
For example, the purchase of 50 cars for speeds up to 200 kilometres per hour, which the carrier plans to deploy on the Prague-Bratislava-Budapest international line, or a framework contract for the purchase of electric units for the domestic speed track.
The contract envisages a sampling of up to 30 pieces of motor and 20 pieces of electric units.
They can't get rid of it.
We are utterly helpless, they admit.
For a quarter of a year, the newspaper's online journal has been following the story of a billboard in southern Bohemia, which is now inviting motorists to visit Leipzig, where it is not only a tourist-interesting walk in the trees, but also the Olympic Park.
The highway managers know they're standing there black, but they say there's nothing they can do about it.
There are hundreds, perhaps thousands, of similar ads across the country.
According to officials, a flimsy law is to blame, for which illegal mobile billboards cannot be removed immediately.
A complex bureaucratic wheel is needed first.
In the meantime, however, the company will change its name and the office is short on it.
Or just move the ad a few yards, and the official process has to start again.
The roads and motorways were admitted a quarter of a year ago: For the main drag from the Czech Republic to Leipzig, there is an advertising billboard on our property on the state road.
But for three months, officials were not enough to get rid of an unauthorised portable structure with a giant advert poster.
It's as if no one cares that they're standing right next to the road, in a 50-foot security zone, where nothing can happen for safety.
Road administrators say they can't simply cope with the billboard due to the Children's Act.
Maybe load him up and take him away.
"We can't just afford to do that," says the Director of Highway and Highway, Nina Ledvin, referring to the complex bureaucratic wheels that the removal of the billboard must prevent under the law.
At the same time, the case of this particular billboard, whose fate began with an online diary in detail in the spring, is not unique, pointing to a general problem that can't happen and authorities can handle effectively and quickly.
In southern Bohemia alone, the newsroom counted dozens of similar mobile ads placed against the rules close to or near the road.
There are other regions, too.
"We have the difficulties of forcing the companies to remove the handcuffs," confirms the head of the Department of Transportation's chief executive, George Clark, whose colleagues are dealing with similar stories.
According to Clark, a leaky law that binds officials is to blame.
First, he has to address the complex owner of the billboard to put the ad away.
But company bosses are often non-racing or know the fintech that has been described by the update in the past when it became more detailed about the issue: It takes a mobile stand of advertising to move a few metres, and officials can throw a previous call to remove the black advert in the bin.
That's because the bureau has to determine exactly where the illegal billboard stands.
"If someone moves it and the coordinates suddenly disagree, they view it as a new device and we have to address the owner again," explains George Clark.
The new law won't help.
The change could be brought by a new law that will ban billboards at highways from September next year and limit them to Grade I roads.
Critics point out that the rules for cracking down on illegal and easily transferable ads will remain the same as ever.
And the authorities won't be so relieved.
Companies can continue to earn tens to hundreds of millions of dollars a year on leases of illegal land, and no one can.
For example, a billboard attracted to Leipzig belongs to Commerz Billboard.
The officials know her well: The Cheshire Magistrate currently leads with her three administrative procedures for blacklisted billboards.
The company is facing a three-hundred-thousand-dollar fine in each proceeding.
These are more ads that have been placed in the protection zone of the Grade I road without permission.
The proceedings have not yet been completed, says Jaroslav Mraz, head of the Department of Transportation of the Czech Republic's Department of Transportation.
The advertisement, which the update is interested in, is not yet included in these cases, but it will most likely be added to them.
According to SC spokeswoman Nina Ledvin, the company did not respond to repeated written calls for removal, and the case will be put on the table by the county and then probably magistrates.
Commerz Billboard is among those suspected companies that are failing to contact.
She did not take the post office and cancelled the official residence at Žižka more than six years ago.
It's not even clear who's behind it.
In the past, the company's mail went to Southwest businessman Anton Fischer, who famously had a sharp dispute with the head of the Czech representation of the Hyundai brand.
But Fischer, whose company Euro Billboard rents areas from Comerz Billboard and offers them to advertisers, has rejected any link in the past.
Meanwhile, this spring, when the HSY began to take an interest in the advertising of Leipzig, Fischer let civil servants send a letter to the mysterious company Commerz Billboard to his boarding house, where the new firm was reportedly based.
There was no answer from this address, either.
A futile fight.
Such silence or opaque changes to the halls are not unusual.
One company was gradually fined two million kroner a few years ago.
But she changed her name and name, and there was nothing to deal with.
The execs returned the case, the ads stood on, maybe in other places.
We are pretty powerless against similar companies and their business practices.
It's like fighting windmills, he admits, under the condition of maintaining anonymity, one of the officials said.
The amendment of the law in this respect has yet to be addressed.
The update spoke to several MPs who had taken the issue.
But they have not yet developed any activity.
On the contrary, there were Members who wanted to extend the deadline for the maintenance of billboards in the main Czech communications.
The government rejected it.
Billboards are not only for national but regional and municipal policies a very sensitive and somewhat schizophrenic issue.
On the one hand, they know about social demand for their limitations, on the other hand they need them themselves because of adverts in election campaigns.
I don't get the fairly established impression that if something doesn't work, you need to change the laws.
Farmers will reap less grain this year, but more rape and poppy, statisticians estimate.
According to estimates by the Czech Statistical Office, the cereal harvest this year will be 6.7 percent lower than last year.
Yet this year's harvest exceeds the average for the past five and 10 years.
On the other hand, the harvest of beets (3.9 per cent) and poppy (2.5 per cent) will be higher.
The cereal harvest will be 6.7 percent lower this year than last year.
Farmers will reap 7.2 million tonnes of grain.
This is based on an estimate published by the Czech Statistical Office on 15 July.
The initial estimate a month ago was more pessimistic and anticipated a tenth drop against last year.
But last year's cereal harvest was above average.
This year's harvest exceeds the average for the past five and 10 years.
On the other hand, higher will be the harvest of rape and poppy this year.
Beets growers shed 3.9 per cent more than a year ago, when they got 1.256 million tonnes under the roof.
This year's poppy crop could be 2.5 per cent higher than last year's.
The projected decline in cereal production is due to both a reduction in the hectare yield of 3.7 per cent to 5.71 tonnes from the hectare and the decline in the sowing area.
Farmers have trimmed 3 percent fewer fields this year.
Wheat ozone, which is the most important grain for the Czech Republic, is estimated to be down 3.3 percent this year.
The farmers sat it out in more fields.
But it will sign a lower heatwave yield on the decline, which drops to 6.04 tonnes.
About a fifth drop the statisticians assume for barley spring, which is most commonly used to make beer.
The reduction in crop yields stands at 15.2 per cent, as well as a lower heatwave yield.
Barley ozone, on the other hand, is born 6.3 per cent more.
The harvest of rye will also rise.
The crop of rape statisticians is estimated at 1.305 million tonnes, which is up against last year.
In fact, the sowing areas expanded by 7.3 percent.
But the heatwave yield will be 3.2 percent lower than last year.
This year's crop of beets will exceed the 10-year average of 13.3 per cent, sitting on an area a third more extensive than a decade ago.
Poppy fields have also been increasing in the last four years.
This year, the farmers sat it out on 35.543 acres.
But against 2008, when the poppy in the Czech Republic grew to a record 70,000 hectares, the field is half.
Thanks to the expansion of the crop areas, this year's poppy harvest will be richer.
It will rise by 2.5 per cent to 27,423 tonnes last year.
But the hectare yield will be 6.1 per cent lower.
Peel police have charged two men for a knife attack and a machete, a court has sent them into custody.
Police have charged two attackers who attacked a knife and machete of a 35-year-old man on Tuesday in the centre of Olomouc.
"Although the assailant tried to escape, they caused a septic and cutting wound, which required treatment at the hospital and other treatment," said police spokeswoman Maria Shults.
The two obvious offenders were detained by police immediately after the attack.
The plaintiff filed a motion with the court on their custody and the court granted it on Friday.
Both men face three to 10 years in prison.
Officers have charged two detainees of assaulting a 35-year-old man in the centre of Olomouc with a knife and a machete.
The attackers caused him to cut and cut injuries, and the man ended up in hospital.
The attack was preceded by an incident between two groups of people that happened on Tuesday at noon on Liberty Avenue, police said.
The offenders ended up in custody, Olomide police spokeswoman Maria Shtrban said.
A mass scuffle between two families took place in the area of the garden outside the bar of the trattoria in the immediate vicinity of the centre of Olomouc.
After an aggressive verbal altercation, two attackers were attacked using a knife and a machete of a 35-year-old man.
Although the assailant tried to escape, they caused a septic and cutting wound that required treatment at the hospital and other treatment, a police spokeswoman said.
In a scuffle that had attracted a lot of attention in the city centre and for which several police patrols and officers had to intervene, it was a family feud.
The criminals of a 34-year-old man from Slovakia and a seven-year-old man from Olomouc have been charged with attempted serious bodily harm and disorderly conduct.
The plaintiff filed a motion with the court on their custody and the court granted it on Friday, the spokeswoman added.
The machete was used in the centre of Olomouc in the mass battle of the attackers also five years ago, only a few hundred yards away, in front of the Varna disco in Rieger Street.
Officers said at the time that a group of about 10 foreigners with guns attacked guests of the business who were standing outside the entrance.
According to police, they had knives, sticks and machetes in their hands.
The court then punished the two attacking foreigners with a suspended sentence.
Abandoned and empty houses in the centre of Prague.
You'll be surprised, maybe you walk around them every day.
One of the most egregious examples of an unused and empty house is the vast building of the former IPB headquarters in the middle of the Senatorial Square.
It should have worked as a hotel by now.
But still nothing.
That there is a need to build new and new apartments and offices in the metropolitan area?
What about using existing, often architecturally valuable and protected?
Right in the centre of Prague in the immediate vicinity of Wenceslas Square, there are several apartment houses which, despite their location, size and often memorial protection, are deserted and deserted.
We have selected the properties at the centre using the Void Project, which maps long-term vacant properties in the Czech Republic.
Homes are usually victims of their owners "financial problems, opaque relationships between companies or belong to a state that can't or doesn't want to get rid of them.
There are more empty houses in the Czech Republic than the homeless.
Let owners pay special tax for them, wants initiative
They almost shot Fidel Castro, and Hitler's brother lived here.
The writers showed a different Little Party.
A shopping apocalypse.
Business centres in the US are deserted.
On the walk of Prague Unknown.
Karlín was a luxury suburb.
The territorial plan is reminiscent of New York's Manhattan, the architect says.
The couple gave Clinton $10.6 million last year.
Trump is refusing to release his tax returns.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, ex-President Bill Clinton made $10.6 million last year.
More than a million dollars were donated to Clinton for charity.
Most of Clinton's income - over $6 million - is for their speeches.
Trump is refusing to publish his tax returns.
U.S. Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton released her tax statements on Friday, raising pressure on her Republican rival Donald Trump to do the same.
Hillary Clinton and her husband, ex-President Bill Clinton made $10.6 million last year, the AP reported.
Most of Clinton's income - over $6 million - is behind their speeches, largely from the period before April 2015, when Clinton launched her campaign before the election.
The tax report showed that the couple took a federal income tax rate of 34.2 percent last year and then income tax at the state and local level of nine percent.
In total, they paid 43.2 percent of income in taxes.
But Trump has a problem with a similar step, he has not yet committed to the disclosure of the tax returns.
There's a certain possibility that Donald Trump pays no taxes at all, Clinton wrote on Twitter a few minutes after the publication of her confession.
Clinton has repeatedly returned to the secrecy surrounding Trump's income, among other things, to raise doubts about whether her rival is indeed as wealthy as she claims, the AP reported.
Trump's fortune is estimated to be worth billions of dollars.
Lower earnings would damage the Republican candidate's reputation as a successful businessman.
Senator Tim Kaine, who is running for vice president in tandem with the former first lady, today released a report on his tax levies over the past decade.
Together with his wife, Anne Holton, they gave 7.5 percent of their earnings to charity and took 25.6 percent of earnings in taxes last year.
In Nigeria, polio has erupted again.
The Islamists of Boko Haram have defended consistent vaccinations and killed doctors.
Polio cases have resurfaced in Nigeria.
In the north-east of the country, the government declared an emergency vaccination there, as two children infected with the disease were paralyzed.
The vaccines were brought there by helicopters.
In the affected area, Islamist terrorists from Boko Haram, who defended the vaccine and even killed the doctors.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the virus was circulating there undetected.
In the north-east of Nigeria, there will be an emergency vaccination of children against polio because two children infected with the disease have been paralyzed there.
In Africa, polio was last diagnosed two years ago in Somalia.
The Nigerian government has announced that a million children will be vaccinated in the state of Borno and another four million in the states surrounding it.
On Friday, Nigerian military helicopters quickly delivered polio vaccines to the stricken northeastern part of the country where Islamist terrorists from Boko Haram are active.
The World Health Organization (WHO) said the virus had been circulating undetected in the area for many years.
In the past, Boko Haram extremists have defended vaccinations and even killed doctors.
Their attacks also prevented doctors from reaching areas where children with polio were detected on Thursday.
The two affected toddlers came with refugees from parts of Nigeria newly liberated from Boko Haram.
The director of the WHO section responsible for eradicating polio Michel Zaffran told the BBC that vaccination in Nigeria would begin as early as next week.
The Islamic radical group Boko Haram has long been active in the state of Borno.
The area was made available to international organizations and the government until earlier this year, when Boko Haram managed to weaken substantially in this part of the country.
Nigerian Health Minister Isaac Adewole admitted the new polio cases were a major disappointment for the country because Nigeria wanted to report next year that polio had been eradicated in it.
The WHO cautioned that it was possible that although the disease had not occurred for two years, it nevertheless spread among children.
Children under the age of five will now be vaccinated.
In 2012, half of all polio cases in the world came to Nigeria.
While polio was still in 125 countries in 1988, it now persists in only three areas - Afghanistan and Pakistan and the north of Nigeria.
The pope met former prostitutes in Rome.
He listened to the moving stories of fallen women.
Pope Francis has met 20 former prostitutes who escaped a gang of pimps thanks to police.
The pope listened to their tough life stories and urged them to look to the future with confidence.
With this meeting, Francis wanted to draw attention to human trafficking and call for an intensification of the fight against him.
Pope Francis met in Rome with 20 former prostitutes who were freed by police from the power of a gang of pimps.
The head of the Catholic Church listened for more than an hour to the moving stories of fallen women and subsequently urged them to look into the future with confidence, a Vatican spokesman said.
Among the former prostitutes Francis visited were six women from Romania, four from Albania, seven from Nigeria and after one from Tunisia, Italy and Ukraine.
Their average age is about 30.
All were subjected to cruel physical violence by the Vatican during forced prostitution.
By visiting, Francis wanted to draw attention to human trafficking and call for an intensification of the fight against him, the pope's spokesman said.
Francis often draws attention to the fates of people on the fringes of society.
On Thursday, for example, he had lunch with Syrian refugees who arrived at the Vatican this April and June thanks to his personal invitation.
France will strike the jihadists' factories.
But it won't work without the help of Muslims.
France is to be helped by Muslims in the fight against radical Islamism.
In addition, Prime Minister Manuel Valls's government is making major changes to the functioning of mosques as well as the education of the clergy.
We have closed 20 mosques and prayers since last December.
And more will follow, the interior minister announced.
There are over a hundred jihadists working in the country.
"If Muslims do not help the state in the fight against those who disrupt public freedom, it will be increasingly difficult for France to guarantee that freedom," Prime Minister Manuel Valls said.
In particular, it intends to ensure that only imams who have been educated in France are shown in mosques and prayers.
At the same time, he wants to stop the funding of mosques from abroad.
At the moment, about 20 percent of the money is coming from abroad for the construction of new mosques, most from Morocco, Algeria and the Gulf countries.
For this, too, there are preachers who can sow radicalism in France.
"Our country must show that Islam is compatible with democracy," the prime minister added.
The key to achieving these goals will be the new French Islamic Foundation.
It should act as a bridge between the secular state and the Muslim minority.
No more foreign money.
The French Foundation for Islam now operates in the country, founded in 2005 by then-Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin.
By then, the foundation should have contributed to the transparency of financial flows between mosques and the countries that finance their construction.
But the institution was soon struck by internal divisions and rivalry.
"It's a total failure," Valls said recently.
On the French political scene, after the attack on Charlie Hebdo magazine in January 2015, there was a debate about a new institution that will replace the dysfunctional foundation.
All precipitated further terrorist attacks in France, carried out by radicalized Islamists in the name of the Islamic State.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve recently heard that a new foundation would be formed this October.
It will have two main tasks - securing funding for mosques from domestic sources, as well as keeping an eye on the imams.
For now, it is unclear where it will take money not only for the construction of new mosques, but also various training centres.
But several proposals are being considered.
One is a special fee or tax on halal food.
Here, in practice, the vendors would pay halal meals to provide certification.
Some of that money would then go to the foundation's casino.
A contribution of ten to 20 euros ($270 to $540) could then be paid by French pilgrims who go to Mecca.
Every year, about 30,000 go there for the traditional pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia.
And not only that.
According to the prime minister, only preachers who have undergone special education programs at French universities should operate in mosques in the future.
This should ensure that the sermon is in line with democracy.
We will close the radical mosques.
At the same time, the French government is in a campaign against the militants.
And more will follow, the interior minister announced recently.
There is no place in France for those who preach hatred in mosques and do not respect some of the principles of our country, such as equality between women and men.
About 2500 mosques and prayers are estimated to operate in the country.
It is estimated that about 120 of them are under the influence of radical Islamism.
Since 2012, the authorities have hosted about 80 imam, and a few more dozen are considering it.
But not everyone thinks the government's actions can intervene significantly against radicalism.
Those who want to be radicalized will do the same.
Because it doesn't happen in mosques, young people are being radicalized online, said Severine Labat, an expert from the National Center for Scientific Research.
Talon Kelemen lost in the first round of the sprint with star Baugé.
To advance to the eight finals, the Czech runway cyclist has to fight in the appeals.
The runway cyclist Pavel Kelemen at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro after advancing from the qualification sprint among the top eighteen lost in round one to French great Grégorym Bauga, an advocate for silver from past games in London.
They have to fight their way into the eight finals.
There were 27 riders at the start of the royal discipline on the runway, and the best Czech striker of the day was credited with the 14th best time.
He made the two-hundred with a flying start in 9.969 seconds.
In the main knock-out phase, he was so expected in the qualification of the fifth Baugé, who already has Rio bronze in the team sprint.
Kelemen, in the end, doted on an experienced Frenchman, but he viewed the procedure.
Gold defender Jason Kenny flashed a superb performance.
The 28-year-old Brit drove the third-fastest two hundred history and qualifying wins in an Olympic record of 9,551.
Easily then, as expected, he also consulted the last progressive, which was the German Maximilian Levy.
It also did the British quartet in the lineup with Bradley Wiggins, who captured a new world record of 3: 50,570 in the fighter race at 4 km, and advanced to the final.
The previous maximum (3: 51,659), which had belonged to the British for four years since the London Olympics, improved by more than a second.
Junior doctors push: They want fresh wind in the field
Junior doctors "representatives have come together to approve new steps in their dispute over a new contract.
The Council of Young Physicians (JDC) at the British Medical Association (BMA) must ask the full council to support further disciplinary action from the beginning of September.
The JDC says ministers have failed to resolve questions about the contract.
Junior doctors and medical students in July voted to reject the contract agreed with the BMA.
58% of its members who participated in the elections were rejected.
In a letter to members published on Thursday night on Twitter, JDC chairman Ellen McCourt said the government remained "still quiet" on the issues, which veld to reject the contract.
She said: "In this light, the executive authority of the JDC vote has decided to reject the proposed new contract completely and ask for new formal negotiations on all issues."
In response to the government's silence today, the JDC executive board formally requested a special meeting of the BMA council to approve a running programme of escalating disciplinary actions from the beginning of September.
The dispute led junior doctors to announce six strikes this year, including the first general strikes in NHS history.
The leader of junior doctors at the BMA, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the decision to reject the agreed terms of the contract, which the BMA recommended.
BMA members at meetings before the vote in front of 54,000 young doctors and medical students said the deal was good and should be accepted.
After the vote, the health secretary said the contract would put a strain on the media in England.
Russia and Turkey: Alliance 'incompatible'?
It was a gesture that ended in crisis.
Leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and announce the formal termination of an eight-month long verbal war and economic sanctions.
But while Vladimir Putin greeted the Turkish anti-party in the sumptuous lobby of the palace in St Petersburg, I had the impression that Ankara wanted more of this reconciliation.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Putin was not smiling and barely radiating warmth from him, even by his measured standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, has repeatedly talked about his "dear friend" to Mr Putin - five times, as one of the reports states.
I didn't count.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their pre-crisis levels, but they would be even better.
The next day, one of the local newspapers wrote that Erdogan had acted as if nothing bad had ever happened.
To me, his enthusiasm revealed the exact opposite.
But the lingering cold that emanated from Putin showed that the Russian leader had forgotten nothing.
The real cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening speech: The downing of a Russian fighter jet by Turkey on the Syrian border.
Moscow's response back then was ferocious.
Putin distributed the wounds around him and accused Ankara of plunging a knife into Moscow's back.
The outrage was all the greater that it came from a supposed friend.
Rebuilding real trust will be difficult, perhaps even impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since December.
For months, state-controlled media ran a massive all-out campaign against Ankara.
Suddenly, it looked as if the Turks were responsible for everything.
More serious were accusations from senior state officials that Erdogan's own family had benefited from the illegal oil trade in parts of Syria controlled by so-called Islamic State.
He strongly denied this.
But in St Petersburg came the official message that it was time to move on.
After all, this meeting occurred only because Putin had received the apology he had requested from President Erdogan.
Russia could have declared a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of declaring a ceasefire are clear.
In the first place, Erdogan was almost stripped of power last month during the failed coup and therefore needs all his friends.
The repeated terrorist attacks in Turkey have visibly shaken him, too.
There is also an economic motive.
Russian sanctions have had a hard impact - most notably the cancellation of charter flights that carry several million Russian tourists to the coast of Turkey each year.
That number has fallen by almost 90%.
As far as Russia is concerned, tour operators and charter companies here will surely be relieved when flights resume, if necessary.
They make money on Mediterranean tourism at the end of the season.
Even this week, state television promised cheaper fruits and vegetables when imports of agricultural commodities from Turkey were allowed again.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as the report in the Vedemosti newspaper reported.
But the visit had further political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for what it sees as a feeble response to the coup attempt.
In addition, the prolonged animosity lengthy talks about joining the EU and the entry of Putin - who is eager to take advantage of the chill and sever Turkey's ties with the West.
The Russian leader certainly got bonus points when Ankara asked him for help from elected authorities after an attempted coup.
You have to understand that for Moscow, which has a deep-seated fear of regime change, it is a given.
So the summit in this pompous, coastal palace of Russia and Turkey made it possible to showcase what one of the analysts described as an "alliance of the irreconcilable": How they connect the forces of two countries that feel rejected and used by the West.
However, despite publicly showing mutual reconciliation, there are fundamental differences between the two countries.
The first is Syria, where Moscow was recently built into the role of peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey stand on opposite sides.
You could say that after nearly three-hour initial talks, the two presidents said at a news conference that they didn't even mention the issue.
The Turkish president deliberately refrained from answering a question about the differences between them, while Putin decided to highlight those differences.
There is no clear agreement on which the two nations could find common ground on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and given the risk of utter disaster when NATO member Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet - it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears for customers outside Scotland
According to the bank's managing director, the RBS brand is to be suppressed into a back office role.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be lost to customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
It eased from them when it almost died eight years ago and had to be bought out of debt.
At the time, strategic brands were using "RBS" to protect other consumer finance brands.
They were worth millions of pounds issued to sponsor international sport, from the Rugby Championship Six Nations to Winblehouse champion Andy Marray.
But it has now been decided that it is better to give more excellence to the national brands.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used by Scottish customers but will not run new stores.
All references to RBS in England and Wales, with the exception of headquarters and the coding of shares on the stock exchange, will be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking that will get more to the fore - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
During trips to customers and staff in Inverness-shire, McEwan answered questions by Ross McEwan.
BBC Scotland said: "The RBS brand will cease to be our investor brand and the brand for which our employees work because we are now much more of a bank of brands."
Because the bank itself has become a global brand, it has become a global brand as well as RBS.
I now say that we no longer have global aspirations, we have efforts aimed at the domestic scene.
Each of these brands will mean something completely different in their own communities and our workers will work under these brands.
RBS has already said it will not continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations Championship, having prepared a profile of individual brands sponsoring the sport.
"There has been a good time for us to move towards the bank of brands because the basic question (which we are asking) is how do we focus on becoming a better bank for customers?" Said the managing director.
Three years ago it would have been very cynical if we said we would become a great bank for customers and introduced those brands.
But along with how we focused on the needs of customers rather than our own, I think there are a lot of changes.
I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori in Newmarket on Horse Predilection led to goal of 3000th winner
Dettori cuts the champagne after a double win at Newmarket brought him 3,000 wins
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3000th win in Britain at Newmarket on Friday.
This milestone achieved his second victory of the night on his local track - the horse Predilection, coached by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to have achieved such a result in equine racing.
His predecessors are Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who previously won on horse Ghayyar, said: "It's special."
I am very touched because my family is here too
I am extremely glad that this happened in Newmarket, because this is where I anchored 30 years ago.
It's not a tremendous event, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a Friday night on the ground with 20,000 people.
I'm relieved and I'm very grateful.
Dettori collects congratulations as he brings Predilection after victory
Two jockeys of this milestone achieved in obstacle races - champion jockey Richard Johnson and 20-times retired champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who led to a goal of more than 4,300 winners during his career breaking records.
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4,493 winners in his career
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of modern times and it is no surprise that he has reached a milestone that only a few riders have achieved before him.
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical fiction that sets him apart from the other riders in the weigh-in.
He is a fantastic ambassador of racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have drawn fans to this sport for years.
A few weeks ago, I told Frankie in the Epsom that if he didn't just drive on weekends and big races, he'd already have 6,000 winners!
However, the truth is Frankie has been riding the winner in the UK for the greater part of his 30-year career, and that's really something.
He has a lively nature, which is good for British racing sport, but more importantly he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrates his success with his legendary flying jump
From flying finishes to flying jumps - Frankie Dettori has been a bellwether of British equine racing for two decades.
It was like riding a roller coaster.
But he also survived a plane crash and was banned for drugs.
He first stagnated three years ago when he was returning after a 6-month start ban, but he has shown incredible inner strength and all the doubters despite coming back in the best shape.
And it might not be the last time - Dettori has previously said he would like to continue racing for at least up to 50 years.
Russian President Putin dismissed chief of presidential office Sergei Ivanov
On Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed Sergei Ivanov from his post as head of the presidential office.
Ivanov was one of Putin's closest aides for many years.
The 63-year-old Ivanov was appointed special representative for ecology and transport.
In a statement from the Kremlin, it states that Putin "released Ivanov from his services of the head of the Russian presidential office," but no reason was given.
His place will be taken over by Anton Vajno, who has been Ivanov's representative since 2012.
Forty-four-year-old Vajno was previously a diplomat.
Born in the capital of Estonia Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious State Institute of International Relations in Moscow (MGIMO) and worked at the embassy in Tokyo.
The website (in Russian) states that he later did the head of the presidential protocol and presidential office.
In appointing Putin, he said: "Thank you for your trust."
I believe that the most important role of the administration is to support your activities of the head of state in terms of draft laws and control of the extent to which your guidelines are followed.
Putin told a Russian television station on Friday that Ivanov had asked for a release from the post and recommended that he be replaced by Vajno.
Will he convince the smiles?
This move completely mystified Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov was one of Vladimir Putin's closest aides and, like Putin, worked for the KGB.
As head of the presidential office, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin that aired on state television, the two men declared that he was leaving the post as chief of the presidential office at his own request.
But the smiles in the cameras convinced only a few people - especially now, just before the parliamentary election.
So is this the result of some struggle for power?
No one knows that yet.
But the official claim that a man once thought of as a possible president is eager to suddenly lead Russia's environmental policy has been met with great disbelief.
The Kremlin's website quotes remarks intended by Putin, in which Ivanov states: "It is true that in 2012 I asked you in an interview to give me this very challenging post, even to say a problematic post, for four years.
Apparently, I was head of the presidential office for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.
He previously held the role of deputy prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and previously, like Putin, worked for the State Security Committee (KGB).
In the late 1990s, when Putin was in charge of the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov one of his five closest aides.
He even speculated on his time that Ivanov could become a successor to Putin at the head of the state after his second term, because a third period would be unconstitutional for Putin.
But this post was taken over by another close Putin associate, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidency just three and a half years later.
Thomas Gibson, star of The Mystery of the Criminal, was released after hitting the director
Gibson became embroiled in a physical exchange of views on the scene last month in Los Angeles.
Broadcaster ABC and CBS, which are producing the series, announced in a joint statement its release.
Gibson, who played special agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized on Thursday before announcing his firing.
There have been creative differences in the scene and disagreement.
I am sorry that this happened, "he said in a statement.
According to a statement from television stations ABC and CBS, the details of the way the character Gibson disappears from the show, which tracks the stories of a team of FBI agents, a little later.
The 54-year-old actor, who has celebrated starring roles in the sitcom Dharma and Greg, has performed in the show since the first series in 2005.
"I love the Ideas of the Criminal, and over the last 12 years I have been putting my heart and soul into them," Gibson said in his statement issued Friday.
I was hoping to be in it until the end.
I would like to express my thanks to the authors, the producers, the actors, our amazing team and, above all, the great fans that this show could ever have hoped for.
The return of the series to the 12th series is expected on September 28.
In the town of Banff, the fish mysteriously landed in the garden
A man from the town of Banff asked for help identifying the fish that appeared in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 pieces of fish may be the sand eel left there by a water storm.
Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, on the Periscope channel published a short film of his find in the belief that someone could help clarify how about 5centimetres of fish in his garden got.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connects to Fife
The £1.35bn project is due to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the northern platform and the Queensferry Crossing and the viaduct - so the bridge now connects with Fife.
So this is the first of the four "platform fans" that are now almost finished around each of the bridge's three pylons.
Part of the bridge from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of iron and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 suspension ropes.
The £1.35bn project is due to be completed by May 2017.
Economic Secretary Keith Brown visited the building today and was among the first to come from the mainland to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic moment and a symbolic moment of building the Queensferry Crossing.
On this project, we are all witnessing how building engineers, on an impressive scale, used more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel to construct this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive dimensions and mass of the bridge, the completion of the seals between the viaduct and the bridge platform was a delicate operation that required extraordinary precision.
In its place there is now a total of more than 79% of the total area of the bridge, the concrete for the last part of the platform is now departing in Rosyth, so the entire platform is ready to highlight the bridge.
Michael Martin, head of the Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors, said: "The first closure in the construction of each bridge is always an important milestone.
On this amazing project, this closure represents the point of ground construction.
After installing the last part of the road platform and its connection to the North Tower expansion platform, we then had to close the last gap on the north side - towards the mainland.
We did this by stretching the northern approximate viaduct 700 millimeters south.
This was a massive and very delicate operation at the same time.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs about 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled with a rise of about 3%.
Delicate because the tolerance the team worked with was very small - only a few millimetres in each direction.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: Three men are 'happy to be alive'
Three men are "happy to be alive" after being flushed by water from their fishing boat at Anglesey.
Lifeboat station Moelfre RNLI declared the alarm on Friday at 13: 20 British Summer Time after the crew saw the incident at Moelfre Bay.
All three men tried to swim to safety while their boat continued unguided.
"We saw their boat circling in their vicinity and we thought the worst," said the helmsman of the lifeboat Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, the strong wind blew it away from them before we left," he added.
Two men were rescued by a local fishing boat, a third man aged in his 60s was found without a life vest exhausted as he was clinging to a buoy.
All were put on board the coastal lifeboat and taken back to the lifeboat station
Jones said: 'The three men thrown into the water are happy to be alive and completely unharmed.
The boat's engine had a rope for an emergency shutdown, but somehow there was a disconnect from the person who was driving the boat when it was overturned.
Someone from above the boys held a protective hand.
Judge refuses to settle case over Fat's wife
Peter Fat is one of three MPs who were expected to receive a political travesty from the prime minister and his then chief cabinet minister, Jana Nagy, a lucrative post for political concession.
In 2012, it was the approval of the tax package.
The Shire, Fuksa, and the Fat Man allowed him to resign.
Then they appeared on influential posts in state-owned companies.
Therefore, they also faced suspicion of bribery and ended up in custody for a month.
But, according to the court, improperly, and they received a total of almost $2 million in compensation.
The fat man is now acting as a witness in the case, following the intervention of the Supreme Court.
His wife works in a court building in the Fruit Market and handles civil disputes.
Still, Justice Helen King wants to be careful (dealing with criminal matters) and preventing possible objections.
The case is likely to be put in charge of another Prague judicial district.
King, meanwhile, has twice acquitted John Netimeline, formerly of Nagy.
It was an alleged abuse of military intelligence to monitor the first wife of the Prime Minister's Nest Councillor.
In this case, the Fat Man did not feature.
But according to the lawyer, Jaroslav Ortman, this is an unnecessary overreaction.
I think that impartiality cannot be interpreted in such a way as to exclude the court if the witnesses have a wife or relatives on the court.
I fear it would be impossible to judge at all, he noted to the journal.
"I find it weird," he added.
Roman Bocek, a former official, is also charged in the case of political trauma.
But according to his attorney, Peter Tomane, any objection would have a chance of success.
The Circuit Court for Prahran 1 was discussed on June 13 by an indictment of the former head of the cabinet of Prime Minister Peter Nest Jani Nagy (now untimely) and others accused in the abuse of Military Intelligence.
In the picture, Nest and her husband come to court.
Fat was supposed to be dealing with statements about Peres.
The wife of an ex-MP, for example, was to judge President Milos Zeman's remarks about the democratic pre-war journalist Ferdinand Peres.
The Gentleman said he sympathized with Adolf Hitler.
One of the schoolgirls is already dead!
The girl appears to have died in an air raid by Allied forces.
She flew to Syria along with her two equally old girlfriends last February from London's Gatwick Airport.
The UK Home Office did not comment on the report on her death.
Young Londoners who fled their home have been secretly taken to Syria via the Turkish border, according to police.
Shamima Begum, Amira Abasa and Kadiza Sultanao were headed by the media for their next former classmate at London's Bethnal Green Academy.
The case drew a huge wave of attention last year, as well as tensions in relations between Britain and Turkey.
British security forces estimate that about 600 British Muslims have so far travelled to Syria, out of about 50 young women and girls.
Many of them have joined militants from IS and other groups.
Those who return home pose a terrorist threat to Britain.
A dream job for a hundred-dollar salary.
A well-paid job you don't even need college for.
That's the first look of an I.T. guy.
And often the other one.
The advantage is not only an extremely high salary in Czech terms (in Prague you earn up to CZK 180,000), but also extreme benefits.
The reason is a huge shortage of IT specialists.
Thousands of specialists are missing.
According to estimates, there are nearly 20,000 IT specialists in the Czech Republic.
Among the most wanted, according to statistics from staff agency Grafton programmers, developers, network engineers and application specialists.
Candidates can choose between several job offers.
So it does not rival candidates for jobs, but posts about the candidates, commented Jitka Souk, marketing manager of Grafton Recruitment.
College is not a necessity.
College education is not a necessity for the I.T. guys.
Higher education means a good foundation and is an overall indicator of a candidate's intelligence and education, but does not often have much to do with knowledge of development.
Developers have to keep learning new things, which one trained high school won't replace, says Peter Kubaka, director of Monster Career CZ.
The most will be made in Prague.
Hikers' wages everywhere are high above the Republican average.
They get the most money in Prague and Brno, in the regions it's not like that.
"The wage conditions in Brno are comparable to those of Prague," Kubaka confirms.
The highest earnings will be reached by technical directors.
In Prague and Brno they can come to 120 000 - 180 000 CZK.
In other regions, the pay is lower, but even there it will not fall below $80,000.
Poppers are also IT project managers.
When they take over, they can earn $60,000 - $100,000.
The fight is also about graduates.
While in some professions, graduates often have to go straight to the office of work, it doesn't apply to the I.T. guys.
In fact, if companies are overhauled and overpaid by an expert from another company, they like to reach for a graduate.
They can raise it in their own way.
They can't do without language.
Knowledge of a foreign language is useful in every profession, but a minimum of decent English is required for I.T.
Knowledge of at least one foreign language is a necessity in some IT positions.
On the other hand, we encounter a number of cases where companies are looking for a particularly well-educated and experienced person and are satisfied only with the average knowledge of English.
But if, for example, an aid worker controls more foreign language, it is interesting for its employer because it can serve more customers from different countries, the director of Kubac adds.
Yoga in Google, there's paradise.
They can only be quietly envied by the English workers at Google.
Of course, there are flexible hours for them, the possibility of working from home or various part-time jobs, not just for moms.
"Novice dads provide the company with four weeks of extra leave after the birth of a child," says Martina Jones, a Google spokeswoman.
Pampering includes health care for staff and family, meals, transportation, training, wellness or massage directly in the workplace.
Who wants to be educated has the green light, and it doesn't matter what new one wants to learn.
But that doesn't end the benefits.
Such a full fridge for free is certainly not a treat either.
A healthy lunch (in some locations as well as breakfast and dinner) is available on the site every day.
In addition, there are so-called micro-kitchens in all offices, where people will always find a healthy snack, a spokesperson reveals.
And so that nothing has to be thrown out, so what doesn't eat is put in boxes that employees can take home in the evening.
And the reason for these on Czech standards of incredible benefits?
Create a creative and motivating environment!
"For Google, it is not important for employees to sit in an office for eight hours a day, but the results of initiatives or projects, shift or development, ideas and innovative solutions," the spokesman adds.
The UN has sharply criticized Bulgaria for criminalising refugees.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, the UN commissioner for human rights, accused Bulgaria on Thursday of systematically violating human rights by criminalising refugees.
The Bulgarian government's official strategy "raises serious concern about Bulgaria's failure to comply with international law," Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein warned in a statement.
He cautioned that "it is particularly worrying to witness how important and influential public figures express public support for criminal armed boycotts that brazenly organise hunts for refugees on the border between Bulgaria and Turkey."
"One of the most serious problems is that almost all people who switch to Bulgarian territory in an irregular manner are automatically arrested," Zeid stressed.
What's worse - they are often prosecuted and jailed - for a year or longer - if they try to leave the country.
Their attempts to leave the country are criminalised despite the fact that everyone has the right to leave any country, including their own, under international law.
Bulgaria has detained 14,000 migrants this year, last year for the same period of 21,000.
Pokémon Go - the pursuit of health and happiness that pays off
It's fascinating to see how the world is changing.
A number of people have lamented over the last decade that teenagers and children are no longer playing outside, preferring to spend free time in front of screens.
Pokémon Go lifts people off the sofa and leads them to activity.
Time spent in front of screens originally contracted on TV, later on video games and the latest on smart phones.
It's great to see that technology and activities outside are not mutually exclusive.
I'm talking, of course, about the fashion that is Pokémon Go, an app based on characters that first appeared in video games in the late 1990s (later created by cartoons, playing cards and more).
As with many cultural phenomena, there has also been a decline in interest before the launch of this new game at the beginning of July in the US, Australia and New Zealand.
The introduction in other countries was then postponed due to the massive interest that led to the overload of servers.
Pokémon Go has gained more users than Tinder in a few days, and almost as many users as Twitter has.
How does it work?
In short, players on a smart phone go out looking for Pokemon, which they watch using GPS, and when they find them, they can "take a picture" (via screenshot on the phone) or "catch."
Mania has gripped a generation that has played the game at a younger age, lifting it out of the seats and driving out in search of Pokemon.
In the US, thanks to this game, there has been a significant increase in the number of steps the "average" person does each day.
The app's Cardiogram for smart watch from Apple, which tracks 35,000 users, recently told the Washington Post that in the two days since the game's launch, the number of watched people exercising every day for 30 minutes jumped from 45 to 53 percent.
The company does not have information about who Pokémon Go plays - it sees only crude data about exercise levels.
Many public campaigns seeking people to "find 30," "get up off the couch" and "be active every day" fell on non-fertile ground because most of the messages focused on public health are boring and designed for people who don't look good.
Yet the importance of exercise must not be underestimated.
Those who exercise regularly reduce the risk of cancer or depression.
Physical activity is involved in weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that we can't list here.
But the beauty of the Pokémon Go game is that people go out and do something they enjoy.
You cover three pillars of health - movement, fresh air and sunshine, and fun.
Some people even get new friends in the hunt for Pokemon.
As it is, there are, of course, those boring patrons who are looking for any excuse to complain.
And yes, someone can walk in the door.
And what, like?
There was a breakthrough.
In their time of application for smart phones, like Fitbit, they were able to track our activity, but they didn't give us a reason to do anything like that at this game.
The novelty wears off, and the interest in it starts to wane at some point.
However, thanks to the success of Pokémon, there will be more games that will combine apps and virtual reality with activity in the real world and help a number of people in pursuit of activity, health and better form.
Read Dr Joe's blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles won gold in multi-fight women's gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget the excitement.
Simone Biles is immune to all this.
Dynamic to jump.
Effortlessly on the beam.
They were all speechless.
Excellent at everything.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast went the straight way on Thursday for the title in the multi-fight and the others on the full line under the Olympic spotlight.
The overall result of 62,198 clearly confirmed her lead over the silver medalist and a member of the team's "final five" Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
Simone Biles (USA) on Thursday during an appearance on the beam in the final of the multifight of individuals in sports gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro.
Biles became the fourth American in a row to win a multi-fight, and fifth overall as she confirmed her reputation as the best gymnast of her generation and possibly the best ever.
When her overall final rating was on the board and her long journey up to that point ended, there were tears on her face.
This success puts her in the same league of rare athletes of her time, such as Michael Phelps, who have delivered a new dimension to their sport:
Biles has dominated her sport for the past three years, winning 15 medals at the world championships - including 10 golds. Her fascinating routines are a mix of ambition and precision, and the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the best gymnast she has ever seen."
The last test awaited her in Brazil, not so much between Biles and the rest of the race, but between herself and the burden of too much expectation.
Anything other than returning home to his family in Spring, Texas, with a hand full of gold medals, would be seen as a disappointment.
Simone Biles (USA), left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning a gold and silver medal in the final of the women's multi-fight individual at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
The first Biles received Tuesday was as an exclamation point in celebration of outgoing national team coordinator Martha Karolyi.
Biles insists she has never looked forward during her long journey to the top, which is not entirely true.
Part of her report in the prostrate - the one that features a typical triple volley with a double turnover - is set in Latin music that would just be thrown home, to the streets outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl was adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and her talent was discovered by the mother of trainer Aimee Boorman on the way to the gym where Boorman trained and where he gained strength.
The multi-fight contest hasn't lost since the summer of 2013 - a sequence of victories that can go on for as long as Biles wants.
Although Mustafina had taken a short lead thanks to two turns, it was only an illusion.
The cladding and the simple - where Biles advocate a world championship - await.
She got back in the lead with 15,433 points for the stick - and snared with 15,933 points in the simple.
Raisman hugged her gently as they waited for the final score - a mere formality - and around the glittering red, white and blue shadows, Biles came to tears as she fulfilled the wish she had once written in her diary.
Raisman's performance was a bit of a payback for the Olympics four years ago, when she shared a third straight with Mustafina, then her bronze because of the sum of the three best reports.
This time, the 22-year-old captain of the team the Americans call "grandma" was a lot ahead.
After her prostrate, she sent the crowd air kisses, driven by a return that sometimes seemed uncertain.
For Biles, the contribution this 19-year-old athlete placed this week on Twitter, where it has become a complete hit, has a whole new meaning:
Police: Three victims in serial killer case shot while listening to music in car
According to a police report released Thursday, two women and a girl, aged 12, died during the most serious attack of the decade, in the case of the first serial killer in Phoenix.
Authorities announced that Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and daughter Ellis Maleah were shot on June 12 in a car parked in a driveway.
The report states that an armed man stood on the passenger side and fired eight shots from a handgun, then fled in another vehicle.
According to police, the triple homicide is not worth the robbery because the attacker did not take the wallets, nor the amount of $2,900 that one of the adult victims had.
A spokesman for the Phoenix Police Department, Sgt. Jonathan Howard said investigators are looking into whether the shooting had any connection to any of the previous four attacks.
In two mostly Hispanic neighborhoods, there were a total of nine attacks over four months in which seven people were killed and two other people were injured.
"It's happening in the villa neighborhood in front of the houses," Howard said earlier this month for the KPHO branch of CBS.
Police believe the suspect was using several cars, including a brown Nissan in the late 1990s, a black BMW in the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators declined to reveal what evidence led them to conclude that the attacks were related and were carried out by the same killer.
Ellis (33) was taken to hospital where she later succumbed to her injuries.
Liner (31) and daughter Ellis Maleah died at the scene.
A witness told police that it was not unusual for women to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
Authorities also released a police report of a shooting that targeted an empty van just half an hour before the triple murder.
Investigators found shell casings, and from the remains of bullets in the seat and from under the hood of the engine, they assembled a bullet.
Mother of six-year-old baby with microcephaly: "His condition is improving"
Edmund Picciuto, like most children his age, loves singing, toys and, of course, his mum.
But unlike his peers, he suffers from microcephaly, which is the result of a genetic disorder that his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, did not know during pregnancy.
When he first came home, I was the first to think I couldn't do this.
I can't do this.
I'm not ready for this.
Which is not true at all - of course you're ready for it, "she said.
She and her husband, Vincent, had learned that Edmund might never know them, and that he might not survive.
Some doctors have even suggested that he be placed in an institution.
"My first reaction was that I thought people don't do this anymore," Picciuto explains.
Edmund walks with the help of a walker.
Until the age of three, he couldn't sit or crawl, and he still doesn't talk.
But some of the milestones are already slowly filling up.
He walks with help and rides his bike.
He also loves playing with his two brothers and loves singing.
Elizabeth is showing sign language using which Edmund says "please sing for me."
"We teach him sign language," Picciuto said to CBS News.
But it's not common sign language - he says Edmund invented some of the characters himself.
Microcephaly can arise from a number of different states: Genetic, as in the case of Edmund, and after infections in pregnancy caused by viruses such as measles or Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis may differ materially.
It is too early to say what impact the Zika virus will have on the lives of the infected.
Picciuto recalls the emotional toll of choosing an uncertain future.
I'm constantly asking, "What's next?"
What's next?
And she's still not sure.
In fact, I've never asked what the overall prognosis is because I don't expect anyone to be able to tell me at all.
But Picciuto has an encouraging message for mothers of all children who suffer from birth defects caused by the Zika virus.
The situation is improving.
Know that it will be better.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rains and flooding called for rescue work in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana prompted the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday.
The National Weather Service (NWS) reported that after extreme downpours, a number of rivers in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi are pouring out of their shores and threatening widespread flooding.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said state officials are continuously in contact with local authorities and aid is already on its way to the affected areas.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the governor's office for national security and preparedness for emergencies, said they receive requests for vehicles for driving in water, boats and sandbags.
Steele said only the Tangipahoa precinct had asked for 10,000 sandbags.
Flood patrols will remain in most of southern Louisiana to work until Saturday.
The weather service said in a statement that a further about 8 to 13 centimetres could rain over the sea.
In southern Alabama, a flood watch was on standby Friday as rains continued in the area of the city of Mobile.
According to the forecast, the Comite rivers at Baton Rouge and Amite at Denham Springs are to be culled over the weekend.
Meteorologist Alek Krautmann said both said they could flood a number of homes in suburban areas of Baton Rouge.
He said further that the danger is flooding downstream in the Ascension precinct, when these swollen flows will only go slowly into Lake Maurepas.
The Tickfaw River, slightly southerly from the Mississippi State border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest recorded levels on Friday at 9 a.m. local time.
Rescuers are still picking up people from the torrential waters in Amite and Wilkinson in the south-west of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among the protesters at the Gloster earlier on Friday.
Hansford (62) said the water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 120 metres from his home, had risen quickly overnight.
He said he was alerted by his other stepson, who lives nearby.
"We woke up and the water was coming," Hansford said.
I had it up to my waist.
According to his wife, this is the highest level she has ever experienced on the river in the past 48 years.
Hansford said he and all members of his family are disabled and he is the only one who can swim.
Hansford said emergency workers rescued all three huge military-style trucks and took them to a fire station in Gloster, where they remained covered on Friday.
Krautmann said that with the continuation of heavy rains, flooding is "spreading rapidly" and authorities are considering evacuations.
According to Krautmann, an observer near Livinston reported that 35 inches of rain fell from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said the ground has been heavily soaked since Wednesday.
Authorities said heavy rain and paid travel had required the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa County and the abolition of teaching in five school districts.
The WWL affiliate of CBS reported that 200 homes were flooded, according to an elder from Tangipahoa.
Residents were evacuated to two churches, which are both but now flooded.
The mayor of the municipality, Robby Miller, said that authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets that had been trapped by the high water.
In the village of Amite and in the city of Hammond, shelters have been set up for those who have been evacuated.
"They will be able to return home when the water starts to fall off," he said.
In the Tangipahoa precinct in the city of Hammond, more than 20 streets were closed due to flooding and local residents were given sandbags to pick up and try to protect their homes and businesses from the water.
"We had the last major flooding here in March," city manager Lacy Landrum said.
These floods seem to be similar.
Rupert Lacy, a manager for emergencies in Harrison County, Mississippi, said persistent rain was continuing on the Gulf Coast.
He said a flood of a few homes had been announced on Thursday, but on Friday none of them had already appeared in the report.
Keith Townson, head of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in several places where I've never seen it before," Townson said, "and it's still there."
Mahaj Brown (6) - "boy shot as a cutter," survived shooting in Philadelphia
According to police, a 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia this week.
The child's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaje Brown.
The grandparents say the boy suffered several gunshot wounds, including groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was conscious when transported to hospital.
"He took so much of it, his little body was shot like a cutter," his grandmother, Delores Melendez, told the station.
I can't believe it.
The boy is in a critical condition in hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
The family for the station said the boy should get better.
He was supposed to be in the first grade of primary school.
Mahaj Brown is among four people who were shot in parts of Germantown.
Three other men were shot: Two aged 29 and one aged 32.
One of the men, aged 29, is in critical condition, according to CBS Philadelphia, two other victims in stable condition.
According to the station's report, the child was found shot in the front seat of the vehicle along with a 29-year-old man in critical condition.
Two other victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the injured men could be the shooter.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that there was likely to be a shootout between several armed men.
Shell casings from assault-type weapons belonging to various assault weapons were found at the scene.
Apparently, it was definitely a continuing battle.
There were shell casings on either side of the sidewalk.
So it seems that there were several armed fighting people who were actively involved, "Philadelphia Police Capt. Anthony Ginaldi said for the station.
Several homes and vehicles in the area were also affected.
No one has been arrested and police are reportedly examining video surveillance footage.
Another six-year-old child, this time a girl, was shot in the arm by a stray shot Tuesday outside a home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
The girl is recovering and police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
This is how I imagine the women's gymnastics team for this year's Olympic Games, for several reasons.
First of all, I've been to every summer Olympics since 1984 and the U.S. has never been that dominant.
And two: There are three gymnasts in this team, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who inspired so many young colored girls.
Everyone is proud of the composition of this team, which complements Aly Raisman, who is of Jewish origin, and Catholic Madison Kocian.
We finally have a team that looks like America.
He also solidified the presence of blacks and Latin Americans at the top of the sport.
Gymnast number one in the past four years has been African-American.
Simone and Gabby were on the first and second lines last year.
That means something.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Dougall surprisingly became the champion of the Olympic Games, and America cheered.
Now the world could have witnessed the incredible feat of triple world winners Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, who outperformed the unexpected but mistreated gymnastics figures.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth American to win gold in women's multi-fight individuals.
And team member Aly Raisman took silver.
We are witnessing a sporting peak, but in gymnastics classes in the country it doesn't look like that.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie made the same trip to the Olympic team as Aly and Madison.
They are the "final five" because the gymnastics team at the next Olympic Games will be made up of only four athletes, and this is the last year Martha Karolyi trains.
But the reality is that gymnastics is a financially challenging sport, and gymnasts practice mostly in private gymnastics clubs that maintain parents who pay the cost of training, equipment, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel accommodation (for coaches and their confederations and families).
Most of these sports clubs are in wealthy areas in the suburbs that can support activities.
In these clubs, gymnasts have all the training, and for the families of gymnasts and gymnasts, this is a costly and long-term commitment.
Aimee Boorman, the trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained athletes at the time they started in gymnastics.
It is our duty to bring gymnastics training that is more accessible and accessible to the communities of countless young girls that Simone, Gabby and Laurie have inspired.
I started the gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, where we offer gymnastics free or low-cost in Harlem for more than 15,000 young people within the city (especially black and Hispanic origin) and we've trained both national and international champions.
In September we will expand to Detroit (my hometown), where we will provide quality gymnastics to young people who deserve the chance to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops the strength, flexibility and coordination of the body and the hard work, discipline and determination of the mind.
This combination means lifetime benefits for good health, achievements at school and at work.
It's the inspiration of this team to send thousands of young girls who want to do gymnastics, and that's great.
Participation in this sport is very important, especially for girls.
It's a very exciting time.
Thank you, Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison, for showing "girl power" and winning Olympic team gold, and thank you for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to make the journey to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Following the rejection of Jeremy Hunt's proposal, junior doctors are ready to enter further strikes
Ministers had hoped that following the conclusion of a revised contract with representatives of the British Medical Association (BMA) there would be an end to disagreements over the changes, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in the election rejected the contract.
In July, Hunt revealed plans to force a contract saying the NHS was in "no man's land" and further delays would have a detrimental impact on staff and patients.
The first junior doctors have already signed a new contract which includes changes to night and weekend work procedures to improve care in non-social hours.
Dr Ellen McCourt, chair of the BMA's junior doctors committee said in a statement last night: "Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, especially in the sense that there will be an increase in the current labour crisis and thus the fair treatment of all doctors."
Just eight weeks before the first group of doctors goes under the new contract, progress has to be made and time is running out.
The BMA's efforts to resolve disputes through negotiation have been met with an unwillingness to engage Dr and often with deafening silence from the government.
This is despite Jeremy Hunt's pledge last month that this option is still open.
He added: "Jeremy Hunt must now act, push to force and resolve the concerns of junior doctors."
If that doesn't happen, then junior doctors are ready to take the next steps.
Nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 visits were postponed during the last strike at the end of April, as nurses and specialists were called in to accommodate doctors who were among the protesters.
Ministers had hoped that, following the conclusion of a revised contract with representatives of the British Medical Association (BMA), there would be a conclusion of disagreements relating to the changes.
The BMA wants higher payments for work over the weekend for the 54,000 junior doctors who would be the subject of the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chairman of NHS Employers, urged junior doctors not to enter any strikes.
Mortimer said: "The disciplinary action will achieve little or nothing at all, but there will be pressure on already overstretched teams and services and will increase concerns, exhaustion and disruption for patients, nursing staff and their families."
In the past two months we have dealt with the advice of junior doctors and, along with the Department of Health and others, we have responded positively to concerns about the role of supervision and the informant.
Employers had hoped that continued positive engagement on other important issues - such as workload, flexibility in training, further training for those returning after a career break, training costs, mutual recognition of subjects, sabbatical and gender pay gap - was evidence of how seriously employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health are taking the deals that were reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
A $60-a-day drug can reduce the risk of a heart attack
Thousands of patients at risk of a heart attack will be able to use a drug that costs about sixty kronor (two pounds).
The blood-clotting drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of a seizure occurring again in people with heart disease.
The drug is now given after undergoing a heart attack for 12 months to reduce the risk of a stroke or another seizure.
NHS Watchdog NICE recommends that the drug be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now NHS Watchdog NICE recommends it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
In England, about 140,000 people suffer a heart attack each year, and a quarter of them suffer yet another seizure or heart attack.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by a build-up of fat that creates a continuous layer on the walls of the arteries.
If this layer is removed, a blood clot can occur, blocking blood access to the heart and the onset of a heart attack.
If the clot is released, the bloodstream can go on, block the blood supply to the brain and cause a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are at higher risk of another seizure.
Ticagrelor, which is made by British firm AstraZeneca and which is sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces the risk by making clots less likely.
In the draft NICE directive published today, it is recommended that patients receive 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months and then 60 mg, along with aspirin, twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the Centre for Evaluation of Technology for Health NICE, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary preventive treatment, there are a quarter of patients who have had a heart attack and who will suffer another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
Fear of repetition can have a significant negative impact on a patient's quality of life.
Ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is shown to be effective in reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
We are pleased that, in the preliminary recommendation of ticagrelor, we can extend the treatment options available to many thousands of people who will benefit from it.
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - beyond three years is limited, treatment is not recommended above this time.
With computer culture, scams in Muslim areas began to flourish
The mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year due to corruption, which was linked to a government report
A culture of political correctness has led to the neglect of spreading scams in Muslim communities, a government report says today.
Ex-minister Sir Eric Pickles sharply criticises police, election inspectors and councils for ignoring voter abuse because of "hypersensitivity to ethnicity and religion."
The former secretary of the community, now the ruler of anti-corruption interventions, said the intimidation of voters on the basis of their religion is so bad that police should make cordons and scare voters in front of the election rooms.
He recommended that voters take an identity document with them and could prove who they are at the election.
At present, voters just need to give their name and address.
In the report, it is also proposed to apply indelible ink to the fingers of people when submitting a voice to prevent someone from voting twice.
Whistleblowers should have more protection, Pickles says.
It calls for the press to be given greater access to documents from meetings and decisions taken by unofficial committees or study groups.
"This is not only about protecting against electoral fraud, but also protecting local government from the wider corruption environment and financial scams that go hand in hand with this," he said.
The report was claimed by Downing Street as a result of the election scandal in Tower Hamlets in west London.
Last year, a special electoral court ruled, the city's acting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from his post following allegations of corruption and illegal practices.
The court found Rahman had "cynically struck" the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racist and Islamophobia.
Rahman, in his words, "led his campaign to be the religious duty of dedicated Muslims to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes have been challenged or as a result of identity theft, when a person votes and is issued by someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed particular concern about fraud at the correspondence vote - which is claimed by senior members of the Muslim community during it put pressure on people to vote for the candidate they elected.
Sir Eric, on the picture, gave several recommendations on how to clean up the electoral system, including presenting an identity document
His report said: "There has been evidence that vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, especially women and young people, have been pressured to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities originating in Pakistan and Bangladesh."
"There have been concerns that... state institutions have closed their eyes to such behavior because of" politically correct "sensitivity to ethnicity and religion."
Sir Eric delivered 50 recommendations on how to clean up the system, including making it illegal for political activists to manipulate correspondence votes and prevent the "extraction of votes."
The report, now being reviewed by Theresa May, also calls for more thorough checks on registrations to prevent the use of electoral lists for immigration fraud and benefit fraud.
Consider the possibility of asking voters to provide proof of identity before voting.
Using indelible ink on the fingers of people on the ballot to prevent someone from voting twice.
Carrying out systematic checks on the nationality of persons to ensure that they can vote.
Requests for automatic correspondence shall be limited to a period of three years.
Ban political agitators and activists from manipulating resigned correspondence votes and election envelopes.
Give the police permission to create cordons around polling stations.
Change the laws to make it easier to prosecute people developing illegal coercion under the 1983 reform law.
Disable taking photos in polling places.
Require only the English (with the exception of Wales) to work in polling places.
Strengthen training and ensure that workers adhere to the rule that voters go to the ballot box individually.
Sir Eric criticises London police and says it is "astonishing" that no criminal charges have been made following the Tower Hamlets case.
"The Court of Elections has excluded Lutfura Rahman and his agent for a litany of corruption and illegal practices," he said.
For a number of reasons, he was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - in the force of evidence of a crime.
He also criticizes the fruitless "check box checks" in voter registration departments at City Hall.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court decision in the Tower Hamlets case woke up.
Our nation has a proud legacy of the cradle of parliamentary democracy, but the worrying and hidden spread of electoral fraud and the state of rejection by some authorities threaten that reputation.
The infatuation of cyclist twin Duchess Kate and other doppelgangers of well-known figures at the Rio Olympics
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games have gone mad this week for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-PreVote, who is strikingly similar to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete seeking gold this year, which boasts her own doppelganger of well-known personalities - at least not according to social networks.
To celebrate the Rio Games and all the well-known figures currently appearing on our screens, a column for women FEMAIL has set up a list of Olympians who are more than remotely similar to Holywood celebrities.
Like the hunted: A member of US team archer Brady Ellison (left) has been likened to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
Alongside the doppelganger Kate on the bike track, a number of people online were quick to point out that a certain bowler could be twin star Leonardo DiCaprio.
A racer from Team USA archer Brady Ellison caused a storm on Twitter after his shots surfaced, on which he bears a striking resemblance to a Wall Street wolf.
Brady himself noticed the media frenzy and admitted that he had been hearing about his similarities with Lee since he was a kid.
"He doesn't see any great similarity himself, except perhaps the beard," Brady said for the Huffington Post.
'he's a dude and he looks good, so I think it's a compliment. '
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will no doubt be highlighted even more this year: A striking resemblance between British jumper to distance Greg Rutherford and favourite actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her big, prominent eyes, was rumored to be a copy of Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And when we look at the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been likened to the star of Gell Matthew Morrison for several years.
And for a change: The user thinks Nathan is the 'athletic version' of the actor from the film Origin (Inception)
Another long-standing comparison is the metaphor of tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who have similarly thick eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver swimmer Yulia Efimova boasts not only the same snowy complexion and blonde hair as Annalynne McCord, and about Nathan Adrian of Team USA fans say she looks like an "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Fit women: Star of football Hope Solo (left) and actress Dexter Jennifer Carpenter (right) have a similar shape to their face and eyes
Not just one: The Twitter user was very pleased that others noticed the similarities
On the waves of theory: According to this user, there may be a reason behind similar given couples
One Twitter user before the site expressed her satisfaction over the fact that "the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are in truth identical."
Soccer star Hope Solo and actress Dexter Jennifer Carpenter really have an incredibly similar face-and-eye shape.
Among other popular comparisons is Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to the smile of actress Laura Linney, or gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, proud of her wonderfully wide smile that seemed to mimic the smile of Gabrielle Unions, the stars of Bravo, girls!
Commentator of Olympic Games station CBC apologises for saying she 'blew up' about Chinese swimmer
Viewers of Wednesday's live coverage of the Olympic Games at the CBC station were outraged by an analysis of the performance of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan commentator Byron MacDonald. The swimmer finished in fourth place of the women's race on the 4x200 m relay free style
Canadian broadcaster CBC was forced to apologise after one of its commentators said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer had "pulled like a stink" during the race and "blew up."
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his microphone was off when, at the end of the final, the women's 4x200-meter freestyle began to churn out their own views.
MacDonald, who was supposed to bring a "revival" to the CBC commentators "team, said, among other things," That little 14-year-old from China gave up, you fool. "
Too much excitement, like a smell, exploded.
Oh, thank you.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan (14) swam the second relay race in a time of 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck and allowed the Canadians to touch China.
Viewers in Canada began to speak quickly online and were horrified by the tone and language the commentator used
Emmett MacFarlane wrote on Twitter: "Declared the announcer on CBC that a 14-year-old swimmer from China" blew up "???"
The idiot didn't notice he was still on the air. "
AI Yanhan of China in the final of the women's relay race on the 4x200 metres free style was described as: "That little 14-year-old from China gave up, you fool."
Criticism of Byron MacDonald on Twitter came from all sides and many asked for his appeal
When Twitter users learned how insensitive Byron MacDonald was, they didn't hold back
Another user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and it sounds like we'd be a bunch of racists. # disgust.
Soon after, Scott Russel, who hosted the CBC broadcast, apologized for the live commentary of MacDonald, saying, "We apologize for the comment on the performance of the swimmer who escaped the broadcast."
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it's come to this. '
The CBC station eventually apologised more than 90 times to people who tweeted in response to the comment
Co-commentator Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
The CBC then copied and put their apology in reply for more than 90 Twitter users who complained about the comments of MacDonald's comments
The station also quickly apologized and released a statement.
She sincerely regrets that the words were spoken, she shouldn't have gotten into the ether.
We quickly apologised to our viewers on the broadcast and those watching us on social networks.
To be clear, Byron's comments were about the performance of the swimmer, not the swimmer herself.
In other words, it was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words Byron is deeply sorry for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, Byron MacDonald apologized in a live broadcast and attempted to explain his remark by saying he didn't want it to sound like a personal attack.
"I would like to now apologise for the comment I made last night after the women's relay," he said in a broadcast from the Olympics at the CBC station.
'I was referring to the performance of the swimmer and not the person of the swimmer as such. '
'there's no need to say I didn't intend any disrespect and I'm very sorry. '
Customers in Primark offended by a woman who blatantly tried her underwear in the middle of the store
When the woman stripped off to try her knickers on the sales area in the middle of Primark, shoppers weren't sure which way to look.
To make matters worse, she tried to watch her size fall, took her panties off and put them back on the rack.
She continued browsing and eventually tried out four pairs of knickers in a shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Flokestone.
Shop Primark at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where a woman tried her knickers before returning them to the rack
The mother of two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said the mystery woman had "re-dressed after trying her underwear and came out of the store without buying anything."
She said: "People couldn't believe their eyes."
She stood in the middle of the store, took her panties off the rack, took off her own tights and panties, and put them on.
'she didn't even try to find a discreet place - she just stood there, cheeky like a monkey. '
'everyone just stared as she took her knickers off again and clearly didn't like it because she put them back on the rack. '
She did the same with three others before she finally decided she didn't like anything, got dressed again and left.
'she didn't seem to mind who was watching - not even thinking about the person who might buy the knickers she tried. '
Ms Davidson (33), who lives in Kent, said: 'The idea of someone taking home a pair of panties that someone else was wearing and no one cleaned them up.'
The event occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "When she left, I picked up the things she evidently tried to pull them off the sale - what is also the only right."
'I would dread the idea of bringing home new knickers and finding out that another woman was wearing them, stripped them off and that they weren't washed. '
A spokesperson for Primark said: "Primark knows of an incident that occurred at our store in Folkestone on Tuesday, August 9."
All the products concerned have been withdrawn from sale.
How to defend against a gun attack using Krav Maga
The world outside is dangerous, but thanks to this Dailymail.com video, it could be a little safer for you.
We spoke to Rhone Mizrachi, the Grand Master of the Federation of Krav Mags based in New York, to find out how to cope with armed robbers at close range.
This video will show you how to suddenly gain the upper hand over the rapist, whether they approach you from the front or from behind.
If they approach you from behind, says Mizrachi, then the first thing you have to do is turn around to see your attacker and "have a free runway shot."
You then grab the gun between your forearm and shoulder just before you hit it in the face with a free elbow.
He then follows the knee into the groin, and while the attacker writhes in pain, you wriggle the gun out of his hand, punch him in the face and start to retreat, holding the gun pointed at him.
If an armed man is approaching you from the front, it's a similar technique - get your body out of the firing line, grab the gun and clear it so the rogue can't shoot.
At the same time, put the force into the weapon and strike the attacker in the chest, then remove the weapon from its grip and begin to retreat, still aiming at it.
Does that sound complicated?
Watch the video where you can see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
But don't forget that the safest way to get out of an ambush - if you're not Grand Master Krav Maga - is to issue all the cash.
Traveller Ian Wright licks the dirtiest places in Europe into a travel guide
The British traveller decided to undergo a severe test of his immune system and gag reflex - by licking the dirtiest and most disgusting places in Europe.
Presenter and author of the travelogue Ian Wright (51), originally from Suffolk, on evidence of the strength of his immune system he dressed his tongue with a euro note, a railing at Piccadilly Circus, a button flush on the toilet on the train and a Russian public phone.
Before dressing each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and all of us what he was getting into.
But the experiment, based on the film Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, has produced interesting results.
The idea of licking the flush button on a train used by thousands of other people may seem utterly repellent, however there is actually a lot more harmful bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout his journey across Europe, Ian Wright spoke to doctors and health specialists about strengthening the bacteria of gut flora and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing he licked left anything worse than a taste in his mouth.
Ian Wright is famous for testing the resilience of his intestines on trips around the world and eating strange and amazing things.
During this mission, he completely safely tested his immune system - from public railings at train stations to flushing
In the film he made about it, he says, "I haven't cared much about my health since I was a kid, and I put everything in my mouth, from clay to eating worms and muddy water."
In the film, he certainly confirmed his reputation.
The only thing he refused was dirty public toilets in Russia.
After a simple swab, the luminometer showed a value of more than 4,000 units.
For comparison, freshly washed hands should have less than 60.
One public toilet in Russia but lick refused after its luminometer showed more than 4,000 units, while freshly washed hands have less than 60
Ian Wright and Finnish dairy producer Valio have filmed a Traveller's film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, which shows the numbers of bacteria in different places, such as in the bathroom
In the film, he said: "This is almost the most disgusting thing I've ever felt in a toilet."
There's nothing dirtier than this!
I'm not gonna lick anything because it's disgusting.
Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was filmed in collaboration with Finnish dairy producer Valio.
The company provided Mr Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains lactic acid bacteria and vitamins C and D, which help strengthen gut bacteria and the immune system in humans.
Niko Vuorenmaa, Valio's senior vice president for snacks, jams and new categories, said: "We wanted to offer consumers something really new.
Something to watch with passion while allowing us to explain the benefits of probiotics.
We invented a lot of crazy ideas that ended with the idea of "let's call Ian."
They say interest in bowel health is becoming a global phenomenon.
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a broader context - good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of bowel health and how it's connected to the immune system.
Growing interest in healthy intestines is a global phenomenon and, through this document, we have brought more detailed information to consumers in an interesting way.
I also think there's a great sense of humour in the film!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, adds: "Let's put it this way, Ian would lose my respect if he licked some of what I wanted from him - like that disgusting Russian toilet that appears in the film."
Licking some things was naturally easier for Ian, others pretty hard.
I'm glad we licked some of the dirty stuff. "
Valio conducted a survey in 2015 that found 84 percent of respondents associated lactic acid bacteria primarily with the health of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent of respondents said they at least occasionally use products containing added lactic acid bacteria.
A family of socially needed before eviction devastated a communal building in the town of Saltash in Cornwall
A family of socially needed have left £50,000 worth of damage to their council house after they were accused of terrorising their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were evicted from their home in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long string of complaints against them.
After their violent eviction from the house, housing squad officials were shocked to discover the property was in an emergency.
There were holes in the walls, the floor cover was torn, there was garbage all over the floor, and the walls were wet.
The family have already moved out and are thought to be staying in private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, director for housing issues at Cornwall Housing said she was worried about whether the house could be saved.
She said: 'It has been a nightmare for people here and I don't think people should live like this.
A number of circumstances need to be considered because this property will probably fit into the consciousness as a "not-so-nice part" of Cornwall.
That family is infamous and their names are infamous.
The couple have three sons who have occasionally been staying in the house, and police said the terror the family was in belonged to street battles using baseball bats, intimidation of nearby residents, drug use, drug distribution and loud shouting, arguments and curses.
Skeldon (47), whose name was listed on the lease, was granted a sentence for anti-social behaviour in June.
In several rooms in the house that may be demolished, they were found smelling rubbish.
In the house where drugs were distributed in the past, there was a torn floor cover
Neighbours say they saw them on the street fighting, and regularly people called the police
Cornwall Housing have evicted her and her partner by force from the house this week after they were given an additional deadline of 11 weeks to move out voluntarily.
The neighbours, relieved, welcomed the eviction, saying their lives had been a living hell.
One of them said: "They didn't care about anyone at all."
We've lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been like this.
How many times we've seen the police here, you can't even count.
"We couldn't sleep this morning."
We got up because there was an incredible silence - we're not used to that!
It'll be nice when they're finally gone.
Adam Fitzpatrick, manager for supervision in the neighbourhood of Cornwall Housing, said the family had failed to work with local authorities.
The family had lived in the house for 20 years, and police were regularly called to the house
Rubbish and old toys lounged in the overgrown part of the council house
She adds: "It is a disgrace that the tenant has failed to accept responsibility for her own behaviour and for the behaviour of her family. Eviction is always the last step that Cornwall Housing is considering.
This was a very complex case because their behaviour was extreme and their actions by the witness had to terrify her neighbours.
I appreciate all the work that has been done by my team, the police from Devon and Cornwall and members of the local community who have bravely informed us.
I hope this move will bring some comfort to the neighbours and at the same time carry the message that we will not tolerate non-social behaviour.
Fitzpatrick said all three sons of tenants who lived in the house at different times were around 20 years old.
The polluted mattress that was left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
Workers will now have to remove the piles of rubbish left dumped around the house
In 2014, shelves in the house raided and found over 70 grams of cannabis, weight, equipment and £1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined when she was found guilty of possessing Class B drugs she wanted to sell.
She claimed the money was intended for the foundations of the house for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
It is thought that Tanya and her partner after the eviction are now living in private accommodation in Plymouth.
The walls in many rooms of the house were painted graffiti.
Police say they will seek eviction of tenants who breach the rules of their rental contracts
Angela Crow, of the Daily and Cornwall Police, said the eviction was sending a clear message to other tenants who will continue to break the rules.
"This is a message to all those who think they can behave with impunity and those who would want to follow such behaviour," she said.
The Daily and Cornwall Police will never tolerate criminal and non-social behaviour and will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal terrified after low-flying military jet crashes over beach
Tourists enjoying the sunshine in Portugal's Aveir were scared to death
The Portuguese Air Force's P-3C Orion aircraft flew up to incredibly low
The Air Force said it was a training flight and insisted there was no threat to safety
By the time the low-flying jet swooped over the crowded beach, the terrified tourists were in panic.
The dramatic footage shows the military plane getting to a distance almost to the touch from sunny people on a sandy beach at the town of Aveiro in northern Portugal.
The tourists began to rise after being disturbed by the noise of the jet's engines without seeing what would emerge from the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon on the Costa Nova near the town of Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several holidaymakers who posted videos of the dramatic flyover on social networks, said: "The plane flew twice really low and at one point seemed to crash."
Nuno Arroja adds: "I was surfing and I really thought the plane would fall on my head."
Tourists on the beach in Aveir were horrified when a plane flying low came out of the darkness
The Portuguese Air Force declared today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion was on a training flight to identify a fishing boat off the coast and had to bear low because it was the only way to check the ship.
The aircraft was reportedly flying slightly lower than usual because of poor visibility caused by smoke from nearby forest fires.
Wildfires destroyed part of mainland Portugal this summer and claimed four casualties on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force declared today that the pilot had to fly low due to the thick fog and smoke from the fires that prevented his view
The aircraft was on a training flight and the pilot was asked to identify the fishing boat as part of the training.
Half the funeral services don't follow the rules.
Half of funeral service providers fail to comply with the legislation.
The Czech Business Inspectorate (Choi) found this out during inspections in the second quarter.
Funeral services, she said, most often do not inform survivors of their prices or give written confirmation of taking orders.
Choi has imposed 41 fines totalling $73,000.
Today, it was informed by its spokesman, George Fröhlich.
Inspectors found misconduct in 47 of the 95 checks.
In addition to not informing on prices and missing endorsements, some funeral services also sold products or provided services at other prices than had been negotiated.
In five cases, the products sold were not properly labelled and once the seller used an officially unverified gauge.
The inspection therefore prohibited the sale of 23 products for a total of CZK 7077.
It involved urn covers, candles and vases that were not properly marked with mandatory information.
"As there are still violations in this specific area of services, the control action will continue in the next quarter of this year," Fröhlich added.
London schoolgirl who joined IS was killed in Syria
It has been reported that Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join IS, has died in Syria.
Legal representative Tasnime Akunjee said the family had learned of her death in the Syrian Raction a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported on Thursday that she was likely killed during a Russian air attack in Raction, which is the group's stronghold in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, died just as she was preparing to flee the war-stricken country and return to Britain.
"You want to believe that the only good thing about the whole thing - as a message and a warning to others that these are the real dangers associated with a trip to a war zone - is that it will deter people from ever making a decision," Akunjee said.
Sultana and two other schoolgirls from the eastern part of London boarded a plane to Turkey in February 2015 and then on a bus to the border with Syria.
The Sultana family learned that she had married an IS fighter in Syria - and was widowed within months.
Reid says if Clinton is elected, she will keep Garland as a Supreme Court nominee.
Senate Democratic Party leader Harry Reid says he is confident the presidential election candidate for Democrat Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the supreme court in the event of his election.
Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's appointment, though President Barack Obama will nominate him as early as March.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell says the person who will replace the late Supreme Court judge will elect a future president.
Reid said during a conference call Thursday that he thought Clinton would pick Garland "with some degree of credibility."
Reid's spokeswoman later said that he had not spoken directly to Clinton about whether she would nominate Garland, and that he was merely speculating.
He praised Garland and said the Clinton team would not want to "rock the boat" by choosing someone else.
Garland is the chairman of the federal appeals court in Washington.
Reid said the Republicans who block Garland's appointment are the "minions" and "sidekick" of the Republican nominee for Donald Trump's presidency.
He said Trump was not fit for office.
According to Treats magazine, there are nude calendars for "women and for men"
Treats magazine is working closely with photographer David Bellemer on the release of the 2017 calendar, inspired by the Pirelli calendar of the 1970s.
But instead of revealing well-known figures, they are trying to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine full of nudity differs from Playboy from the old school because "Playboy is for men."
I do it for women.
Evidently, he considers the calendar, too.
"We need to go back to displaying timeless and classic nudity, when both women and men feel comfortable and are inspired by photographs of the female body," Shaw said in a press release to release the calendar.
Women want to be part of this project because it's a wonderful piece of art.
Models can send their shots online or in person during open auditions in Los Angeles and New York.
Where does vinyl go: Who really buys phonograph records?
Vinyl is loved by lonely middle-aged men.
We note that this statement is based on actual data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed resurrection of phonograph boards is associated not with the boom of lovers who want to coax the originality of owning a physical object, but with middle-aged nostalgia.
Those who have recently bought an album on vinyl are the most likely to be people aged between 45 and 54.
Young people aged 18-24 are the least likely.
It's not really about hoarding an enthusiastic fan - the whole thing has an emotional dimension: Older people who buy phonograph boards are more likely to want to preserve their feelings (56% vs. 53%) and are fond of themselves (69% vs. 66%).
But are YouGov's results true?
If this blog was broadcast as a TV story, I would be watched by a camera as I head out into a busy street in Soho, dressed in a decent grey suit and gesticulating widely. Then I would stop, pull my arms out and say something authoritative, like, "Let's have a look at it."
So let's have a look at it.
While his charm and charm slowly wanes from the heart of Soho - buildings once occupied by independent vendors are now filled with hotels, restaurants and dining rooms, confections and office supplies - several fantastically specialised shops with record labels have yet to remain.
I would probably ask the camera to stop filming for a while, and I'm going to stand near the different men in these stores and try to see what their age and emotional state is.
Stuart (55), a native of Glasgow I watch from Sister Ray (counts: Two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (counts: Eight middle-aged men, one woman around 20) has a meeting in London in the afternoon, surveying the shops to fill a few hours of time.
I ask him whether he is a collector.
"I think so," she says.
I have about three or four thousand recordings.
All those recordings lining the walls of his living room - in the picture above (he sent the picture to me by email, I didn't follow it all the way home).
This huge amount of albums and singles is also due to the fact that he can afford it: He can now buy phonograph records, which he could not afford when they were originally based, and he rebuys what he sold in his youth and he didn't have a penny.
"A lot of what I buy is from the late 1960s and early '70s. These are things that would be issued when I was 11 or 12.
He agrees that those who buy the recordings are probably introverts who like the company of themselves, and adds: "I don't smoke and I don't drink much.
This is my sin.
Wez (25) works at Sister Ray and also thinks many of the customers he meets fit the YouGov profile.
He also noticed a new influx of people affected by the media wave, people who had heard about the comeback and felt compelled to buy their old phonograph records back.
According to my interviews, people got rid of their collections most often between 1998 and 1999.
Customers who once sold their phonograph records and bought CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their phonograph records back, "he says.
This might explain the boom of record lovers of a certain age.
But what about the supposed emotional importance of phonograph boards?
It won't take you more than a few seconds to find in a store like Phonica that you can find a pleasant community of people with a similar mindset in the music shops.
According to Wez, some older customers are particularly offended by the system of contactless payments.
Some supporters of phonograph boards may feel overwhelmed in the digital world and have opted for the familiar environment of the packaging of phonograph boards, things that raise memories of peaceful adolescence.
"I think filling a gap or owning something tangible can provide some comfort," Wez says.
I'm a collector myself, and I think a lot of people do, too.
It's an easy way to fill a place in your head.
"We're all like their social workers!" A co-worker shouts from a pile of phonograph boards.
An ICM survey in April revealed that nearly 50% of people who had bought a vinyl album a month earlier had not yet listened to it.
According to the survey, 41% of those surveyed have a record player they never use, while 7% of those who buy a record player don't have a record player.
At this point in the report, he was probably looking seriously concerned about going through a pile of compilating bossa nova.
The "trophy" aspect and revival of interest is something that has been noticed by Jonny (42), who works in Sounds of the Universe (number: Three middle-aged men).
"Someone recently came in and said," I don't have a record player yet, but I want to buy on the Radiohead board so we can post it on the shelf, "" he says.
The percentage of these is not great, but it happens.
It's more about the product side than the music.
People come to us who say, "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not the older, outgoing teenagers who are getting into it.
Fopp, where almost an entire single floor is currently reserved for a record player, has much more diverse visitors when I arrive.
There are couples of seventies, tourists who do photos, teenagers and middle-aged women.
While the atmosphere isn't as relaxed as the shops before - the latest pop from Wild Beasts full of synthesizers and sex, it's good to see a variety of customers.
None of them look particularly lonely, but intrusive mental trauma is hard to predict when you're standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora (27) walks for a few minutes in Fopp, checking out various phonograph records at a discount.
She is one of those who is more likely to look at expenses than to spend feverishly.
In her words, she doesn't make a lot of money, so there's no way she's collecting records.
It costs a lot of money.
It's easy to listen to music on a computer or something, but the phonograph records have their magic... "he sighs wistfully.
I can't explain it - it's unique.
My last stop is a shop that reportedly inspired a new generation of phonograph record lovers: Urban Outfitters.
I look like I'm very interested in girls' calves in tight jeans, and I watch a group of teenage girls just huddle around the Polaroid cameras, and then the father and daughter decide to buy the Crosley phonograph.
To the left is a staircase whose wall is covered by the phonograph boards of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Maca: A blend of contemporary and classical music, the basis of any average collection of phonograph records.
No one is looking at them - perhaps because they are just for decoration and some are so high on the wall that they can't be reached.
It's purely a "vinyl trick."
But because any attraction to it could mean more money for the industry and send a few customers to the depths of Soho for more, there's not much to complain about.
It is no surprise that the demographic, where more time and money is more likely than in other areas, is also the one where it is most spent on the most luxurious goods that vinyl certainly is.
But while, according to my findings, YouGov's results appear to be accurate - at least in record-breaking record stores, they do not take into account the large number of collectors and wine lovers who exist, in fact, in record-breaking record stores and online forums.
These people probably work hard in schools or offices.
He certainly doesn't spend Thursday morning wandering around shops with record-breaking records on Berwick Street, going through recordings and avoiding the sight of a strange, 30-year-old fake TV presenter hiding behind the backs of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland shark is the longest-living vertebrate - video review
According to scientists, the Greenland shark has the longest life expectancy of any vertebrate on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies the sharks, says the footage shows a female whose age is estimated between 272 and 512 years and measures five metres
A court in France has refused to demolish shops in the Jungle refugee camp
A court in France has rejected an order by authorities in Calais to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees live.
During a court hearing this week, authorities in Calais argued that the state should be able to cancel a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offering hair cuts, in makeshift restaurants selling tea for 50 cents or basic dishes for a few euros.
The prefect's office in Calais argued that places need to be demolished because they represent a parallel economy that does not pay taxes and because they mean the danger of fire and health risks.
Humanitarian organizations have said in court that shops and restaurants are vital, and that free meals offered by state-backed associations and other groups do not provide a food supplement for the growing numbers of refugees in the camp.
Disputed makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and food for free to people in need.
The court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis to prevent people from operating the 72 makeshift shops, but said the objections of the Calais prefect were "entirely understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said food stores, cafes and restaurants had a much bigger role than simply giving food to people who "live in extremely desperate conditions."
He said the spaces provided calm places to meet refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by the demolition was a cafe in the camp, Jungle Book Kids, run by a not-for-profit organisation and which offers 200 meals, English and French lessons and asylum advice for hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
A petition to protect the "children's" cafe has been signed by more than 170,000 people.
The Guardian received a letter saying that closing the cafe "would be a disaster for these children, some of them only 8 years old."
Charities Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants estimated on Friday that the numbers of refugees in the camp after a steep increase in arrivals over the summer had risen to more than 9,000 - which is still the most at all times.
He thought he was dead.
Ulster crosses himself and the volleyball Ústí.
"I could train normally since March," he reported at the launch of summer preparations in full force.
What was wrong with you?
I had a two-sided pulmonary embolism, then, because of it, heart problems.
Because when I was at the university in Korea, I didn't know I had any blood problems.
So the trouble caused a long flight to Asia?
I had a clot in my calf for two years and I didn't know about it.
It hurt me, no one found me anything.
Then the clot got up.
There's a vein in the calf that will hurt all the time, especially when the weather is working or changing.
But nothing that limits me, more like an aesthetic thing.
Were you worried about your life?
He had.
Last year at a summer tournament in Woodlands, I didn't know I had an embolism, and I couldn't move there at all.
I threw up blood last night.
The doctors told me it was something completely different, I was completely finished for five days.
I really thought I was dead in the Woodlands, and my girlfriend and family.
I've seen myself somewhere else.
How did you deal with it?
I guess I had to live it, now it's just going to go up.
I know I have some blood issues that I need to watch more when I fly somewhere.
But you can do everything with it.
Only when I wanted to go back to preparing the potato last year, there were still problems with the heart.
Everything's fine now.
Since March, I've been preparing myself at home to be able to play again.
I'll knock it, physically I'm better off than before.
What do you expect from Success?
I'm looking forward, the crew looks good, I know most of the guys.
I'm curious about two more foreigners to come.
Maybe we'll sit down humanely to make it fit together.
Will you pick up the Success?
It had a reputation as an otter, but every season is different.
Brno two years ago was the eighth, now finished second.
There's a new team in Success, only a few players left.
It was the last in the extreme, so there's a lot of room for improvement.
How we use it is up to us.
We will see, after the first rounds, who will be the otter, we may not.
Is Coach Brom's guarantee of success?
He is experienced and has experienced a lot, he will think of better than last place.
But my arrival didn't have anything to do with him, I got off early.
There were other coaches in the game, with one I was a great friend and it was agreed to operate here.
I'm not gonna say the name.
In the end, Mr. Brom came, and I'm glad.
He's got a big name, he's been in good clubs, he's been training for a lot of decades, he's a former good player.
He'll send us up.
What will you bring?
This team will fight, which is my position.
I like to fight, I like to heckle and I like to get an opportunity in a not-so-top team.
I've been in the potato for two years, but it's a bigger challenge than being on the sixth team, because it starts from the bottom.
You mentioned a stranger, there's an Aussie Boer training in Ústí.
What does he look like?
I happen to know him, at the university we played against each other in the group.
And we talked there a couple of times, sometimes we sat together the night after the games, so we already know each other's friends.
We beat them 3-1, I gave it to him at the start of the summer preparation in Ústí.
He has a Slovakian girlfriend, he's a nice guy.
American Nadazdin and Brazilian Ze are yet to arrive.
Do you know anything about them?
I wrote with an American, he looks like a nice guy, a Brazilian who knows how to speak English.
You contacted the American?
It seemed like a good idea.
I am the recorder, the one who makes up, so I should communicate with everyone.
I was immediately finding out what kind of player he was, I found myself on the internet playing, I saw some videos.
He was pretty cool, the kid jumps, he's tall.
We wrote a couple of messages on Facebook, he seemed like a joker, he would fit in with us.
How do you feel about the recorder's position?
I didn't want to take anything else.
After all, I'm going to be twenty-four, and I don't have the temperament to take turns.
I'd rather be in the middle of it than be led by someone else.
I probably wouldn't want to play any more if I were to be a second recorder and devote myself to it full time.
How many times have you been number one?
Half a year in the potato, when it didn't go to Kusto as captain, he got hurt, then there were money problems and he left.
Since then we've stepped up and I've been playing all the time.
I used to shoot one and two in Brno.
An excellent year was in the Old Town, after which I had a lot of offers and chose the potato.
From there, the Buffaloes wanted me, I stayed, but I didn't finish the season because of the embolism.
Now it's a new beginning.
Gold number 22.
The short semi remains the Phelps domain.
"Being back on the winners and hearing the anthem is as sweet as ever," Phelps laughed, his eyes filled with tears again.
His fiancée and mother were in the audience again, the son of Boomer sleeping peacefully with his earphones.
I'm having an incredible week at the end of my career.
It's crazy - 20 years ago I started racing and it will be over in a couple of hours, he said commendably.
In the final behind Phelps by close to two seconds, he was trailing silver Japanese Kosuke Hagino, who won the long semi.
The bronze was acquired by China's Wang Shaun, a bronze medalist in this discipline from last year's World Cup.
After Alu Oerter (disc) and Carl Lewis (distance), Michael Phelps is the third athlete to have mastered the same discipline at four games in succession.
For most of the race, he and Phelps were held in the lead by another American Ryan Lochte and home Thiago Perreira.
While the defender of gold in the final craggy fifties put on a crushing finish, they fell outside the medal positions.
The American superhero will have at least one more chance to expand his unique medal collection in Rio.
Shortly after the swearing-in ceremony, he advanced to the final of the 100-meter butterfly race.
The legend could not be overshadowed by fellow countryman Ryan Murphy, who won a signing double - after a hundred wins in Rio and a double track.
In the final, he was left behind by 37 sets of Australian swimmer Mitchell Larkin, the third ended by Russian Evgeny Rylov.
While from last year's World Cup, Murphy has only the fifth place out of the 200, in Rio he has become a sign king.
He was taken from the imaginary throne by Larkin, who managed the same double at last year's world championships.
But he won a medal at the Olympics only now.
On the craggy hundreds, Canadian Penny Oleksiak and American Simone Manuel shared the gold.
For 16-year-old Oleksiak, it was the fourth medal at these Games, for Manuel's second after the silver of the relay.
Swimming gold gained on OH as the first African-American woman in history.
I believe I can be an inspiration to others.
This medal is for all those who come after me, the sport will become a love for them and they will get to where I am, said a committed Manuel.
The third was Sweden's Sarah Sjöström, who won the 100-meter butterfly race in Rio in the world record, and still has silver from the craggy 200.
Up to sixth ended the world record-breaking Australian Cate Campbell.
The prized two-hundred was won by Japanese Rie Kanet, for whom it is the first Olympic medal in 27 years.
She has no valuable metal or the World Cup, her maxim was fourth place in that discipline in 2013.
The second silver in Rio was acquired by Russia's Yuliya Jefimova, who has struggled with hostility from both spectators and rivals due to start at the Games despite the doping past.
I made a big mistake once.
But I won in court and I don't know why I should keep answering these questions.
I'm so tired of it, the Russian swimmer said.
The right to start in Rio could be made up to a special panel of sports arbitrage CAS just before the start of the Games.
They dealt with my appeal, and I won.
Whether someone likes it or not, or if she has a different opinion, let her turn to the arbitration court, she added.
Hermann: Disappointing, we could have won.
And start at midnight?
I don't remember.
The Czechs have had a special day.
Less than an hour before the game, they knew who they were going up against.
They had to make tactical preparations in a hurry.
And then, in non-traditional time, the game started on a small course number 1.
The first set didn't start well, then they pulled ahead of the opponents, but they didn't make the endgame at 19: 19.
In the second they were clearly better and comparable, but the crucial tiebreaker failed them.
In particular, a series of broken servings meant losing 10: 15 and saying goodbye to the Olympic tournament.
"We could have beaten the Russian," Hermann said.
How would you rate the game?
Hermann: After an unfortunate start before I broke up, we got into the game beautifully.
In the end, in the last balloon, I lost an income that I had gotten used to before.
We lost the set, which was key.
In the next session, we got on them with a pitch on the field, another defense, and we pushed the service.
There was a lot of bad stuff in the tiebreaker, that's where we took this page.
It was disappointing because we could beat the Russian.
Slugger: The damage to the start of the first set, that's where we missed it.
We were able to pull it off, but we missed the spikes.
The second set was great and in the third he was deciding the service.
We made too many mistakes.
We gave them five points and the five it was, that's where we hesitated a lot.
It's a shame because the Ruskies were stilted.
How did you play in the little yard number one?
Slush: Similar to China in the backcourts.
The environment and atmosphere were different.
It was one hour at night, complete silence, music not playing, nowhere.
That was the difference from the centre.
We would not choose such conditions, but we cannot choose.
What was the preparation for the game when you found out the names of the opponents an hour before the game?
Hermann: She was special.
We started training for the game without knowing the opposing players, so we couldn't make tactical preparations like the other teams.
But Simon (coach of Nausch) prepared a tactic for almost all the options that were there.
He had a lot of paperwork ready, so we were pretty well prepared after that.
Do you remember ever starting a game at midnight?
Hermann: Probably not.
We played at 10: 30, but not at 12: 00.
Rusky Birlov's block in the pre-season playoffs at the OH in Rio.
Beach volleyball players Margarita Butler and Barbara Hermann in a hug in the pre-season playoffs at the OH in Rio.
Was it awkward?
Slugger: By playing the last two games in a group of 10, we've had the regime shifted before.
This was still two hours more.
It's funny, I can't imagine that another sport has athletes who have to serve their best performance at 12 o'clock.
But I think we prepared the best we could.
We knew it would be, but it's not exactly typical, and it probably won't be my favorite time to play.
How do you value the Olympic experience?
Hermann: Since the group procedure was our goal, it's all right on one side, good.
We did what we said.
But now after the game, I'm sad.
I'll sleep on it, and I'll only be positive about the Olympic tournament from tomorrow.
Big Brother is here, here comes the first peeping SIM.
You can't escape her.
The new rules are intended to apply to all persons without a Thai passport who decide to get a SIM from one of the local operators when they stay in Thailand.
That is, not only to tourists, but also to people with long-term visas who, for example, have worked or closed marriages in Thailand.
The Secretary-General of the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission, Takorn Tantasith, has informed that there will be no exceptions.
A plan to sell SIM intended exclusively to foreigners was introduced by the national telecoms regulator in early August.
The new measure, which will allow monitoring of their position, intends to be introduced by the authorities within six months.
According to Tantasith, it is a means of maintaining national security that will allow the crime to be dealt with by foreigners.
In addition, the so-called tourist SIM is intended to help detect people who exceed the permitted length of stay.
For sellers, a special SIM for foreigners should also be found alongside the SIM intended exclusively for Thais within six months.
The difference will be the monitoring function, which will be permanently switched on for cards intended for persons without a Thai passport.
It won't be possible to turn it off.
"This feature is not in the SIM for Thais, because we can always track them easily," Tantasith added.
It must be added that in Thailand, pre-plaques are not anonymous as in the Czech Republic.
The seller requires proof of identity.
On the other hand, for several years, one of the operators was handing out free launch SIM to tourists at airports.
They were fully anonymous.
Ten telecommunications regulators from other Asian countries, including Malaysia or Singapore, are also considering the introduction of the same measure as Thailand.
There are currently mandatory SIM registrations, but the legal use of the surveillance system is not possible.
However, the forthcoming measure does not imply an obligation for foreigners to acquire a local operator when they enter the country.
They can, of course, use roaming services with their own home SIM, in which case the Thai authorities will be short on them.
In fact, the operators of that country know only relevant network information when they cross the border, that is to say, after the SIM is logged on to their network.
So they know the phone number, but not the information about the owner.
However, the difference in roaming prices compared to those of local operators is so abysmal that even most tourists will start looking for local SIM during their stay in Thailand.
Efforts by the authorities to have oversight of the movement of foreigners have legally received immediate criticism from foreigners living in Thailand.
Tantasith reassures the situation, and in the context of protecting privacy the upcoming system likens it to the obligation to provide a residential address in immigration documents.
In addition, the police will need a warrant if they need to monitor a particular person.
There will be an unspecified punishment for any abuse of the system.
"If the service provider monitors the location of the SIM without a court order, he will be charged with a crime," Tantasith added.
In addition, the system should also maximise the use of prepaid cards.
While there is currently no recycling of a particular number until the 90-day period after which the SIM has not applied to the network, the new number could be renewed after 15 days in the event of leaving Thailand.
A luxury apartment in a new building on the Guildhall has a pool and a hot tub on the terrace.
Why did you pick an apartment in a new building?
We were looking for a carefree apartment where most of the care for the property would be occupied by the manager.
The condition was enough parking spaces and an elevator in the house, which essentially disqualified the older patch.
Not to mention the problematic acoustics in old houses, problems with rocking the floor, high energy performance and the like.
Large terraces were also a condition, which the old patch is not able to offer.
Other interesting visits can be found in the journal Modern Apartment.
The entire interior was designed for you by architect Luna Langer, with her colleague, Kamila Pole, from the Artiga studio.
Why did you address them?
Would you recommend working with an expert on everyone?
Cooperation with the architect would be recommended to everyone if he suggests an apartment from the beginning, because it is a very complex technical process.
The second plane is the interior design itself: Designers have a considerably better idea of a range of possible materials and, based on the client's wishes, are able to align the interior appropriately.
We had already worked with architect Luna Langer on our mountain suite, then on the basis of another client's personal recommendation, and given that everything worked well, there was a clear choice for us even in the reconstruction of our new apartment on Vincents.
What were your practical and aesthetic demands?
We wanted a generous social-living space with a corresponding background for a four-person family conceived as a modern but not cool interior.
The priority was to connect the apartment to the terraces and to implement intelligent household control.
And, of course, the quality of implementation was needed.
Did you leave everything to the experts, or did you put yourself in the final shape of the interior?
We approved all proposals, including technical drawings and materials samples, but the proposal always came from architects.
At the beginning, we set out what we expect from the design, and showed some elements of the interior that we would like to incorporate into the design, such as carpets or paintings.
I think that our collection of mostly Czech authors involving the works of Karl Malik, Karl desiccated, Wenceslas Špal or Otto Gutfreund architect helped to navigate our taste.
Also, the combination of black, white and walnut wood was the idea of an architect as well as individual pieces of furniture, walls, floor, lighting, carpets, fabric, art, etc.
Have there been any complications in the process for which you had to give up the original ideas or, on the contrary, proceed to a new one?
Perhaps only in the opening stages of the project, when we came to build at the moment it was first possible to ascend to the height of our floor, and found that the views we had planned were actually shielding the surrounding buildings.
That's when we literally changed the disposition overnight from the base.
Granite was used on the kitchen counter and on the lining of the fireplace wall.
The interior is then dominated by wooden surfaces complete with skin, such as the upholstery of the dining and bar chairs of Norma from Arper.
How would you characterize the interior?
Are you going to make any changes or is there something you would like to have differently today?
I suspect it is a modern airy interior that primarily serves its purpose.
We are not going to make the changes, most of the adjustments after moving in have taken place in the level of shielding and housing terraces.
Perhaps the only rebuke is to the floor, when the walnut wood is proving too delicate to a household with a dog.
The word of the architect, Ing.
The apartment is on the top floor of the new building, which is why a completely new disposition solution and several other modifications could be made within the building.
For the interior, it is an important element of the location of the skylights to the ceiling of the corridor and the main toilets.
That's how we got daylight into the dark areas of the apartment.
Also direct entry from the main bathroom to the roof terrace to the pool from the USSPA is one of the building adjustments that was very beneficial to the function of the entire apartment.
It also includes a pool and hot tub.
You are not negative compared to the French, says a Muslim living in Prague.
You come from France.
Where did you live before you moved to Prague?
My parents are originally from Algeria.
I was born in the south of France, near the Spanish border.
I moved around a lot.
I lived in Toulouse, Lyon and Marseille.
I studied journalism in France, which is why I got to work in a magazine.
So why did you decide to move out of the country?
I was beginning to feel like I was suffocating in France.
I just didn't want to live there anymore.
Mainly because of the atmosphere between people.
It seemed to me that every Frenchman was terribly negative.
People in France are negatively attuned in general, but lately it has gotten worse.
It's interesting that you mention negativity.
In fact, some people rate the Czech character that way.
Believe me, you're not negative compared to the French.
Some people may not find it that way when they arrive in France because they don't see it as tourists so much.
But it was too much for me.
The big issue is money.
People feel they have little money, yet the minimum wage in France is fifteen hundred euros, which I think is enough.
Now, moreover, there is a problem with people's behaviour towards Muslims.
That's completely incomprehensible to me.
For example, in the street I lived in, my non-Muslim neighbor started looking at me through my fingers just because I'm a Muslim.
Like I'm some kind of evil.
That's why I didn't feel good in France.
But my family stayed there.
So you decided to go to another country.
Why did you choose the Czech Republic?
I was looking for a job basically anywhere else and I ran into an open seat at Air France here in Prague.
I confess I didn't know the beginning of Prague at all.
I knew something about the Czech Republic, and my father even told me about what was going on in Czechoslovakia, but I didn't know what to expect from Prague.
I've been here for three years now, and I can't imagine not living here.
Was it a big difference when you moved from France to Prague?
Mainly because of a completely different atmosphere.
Maybe it's because I don't speak English, so I can't pick up any negative reactions or curses, but I feel like people are freer here.
That I can do anything, dress any way, and no one will judge me.
In France, you still get an uncomfortable look, like when you have special clothes and stuff like that.
I started to feel really free in Prague.
I don't think they care about that sort of thing.
Where do you work now?
After working at Air France, I worked for a travel website for a while.
Then, with one friend, we set up a website that people are offering and looking for shared housing.
We only operate in Prague, but we would like to extend this to the whole of Central Europe.
Do you have any Czech friends in Prague?
I have two very close friends who are Czechs of the half, and two friends of the Czech Republic.
I have to say, the other specificity of the Czechs is that they tend to keep their distance at first.
They won't let anyone near the body.
That's quite a difference from where I grew up.
In the south, everyone is hugging and kissing on the cheek.
It's different here, but I understand it's a cultural thing, so I'm trying to adapt.
You mentioned that you don't speak English.
Is the language barrier a problem for you?
On the contrary, it's simple enough in Prague because everyone here speaks English.
Even in the evenings or at the grocery store.
I'd like to learn English, but I don't have that much time.
And by being able to communicate at least a little in English, I have no need to learn the language quickly.
And every time I have a problem, there's someone who can help me.
Have you encountered any negative reactions?
Maybe because you're Muslim?
Basically, no.
Maybe it's also because I work in an international environment that is more tolerant.
One experience I can think of.
My manager, Cheika, once told me about the French football team and said something in a sense: They're not French, they're Africans.
That kind of touched me.
But that anyone would have a problem with being Muslim, that hasn't happened to me yet.
This is despite the fact that my colleague once alerted me to some anti-Muslim demonstrations.
He told me not to go downtown, that they would swear at me.
Anti-Muslim demonstrations are partly linked to terrorist attacks.
How does the current situation affect you?
Are you afraid that something like Paris, Nice or Brussels can happen in Prague?
I feel safe in Prague.
But the problem is, anything can happen anywhere at this time.
Until recently, I might not have imagined that something like this would happen in France.
And it's not just about Muslims.
Moreover, Islam does not recognise violence at all.
For me, the people who kill are not Muslims.
The Koran says a man has no right to kill because he is not God.
How do you feel about terrorists messing with your faith?
It's very hard.
I feel shame and guilt, though I shouldn't feel that way at all.
I try not to follow these reports of violence, but every time I read something, I feel the need to apologize for something that's not really my fault.
I'm a completely different person, so why should I apologize for terrorists?
We are gathered in the square of the South of Podebrad.
On Wednesday, the Czech Muslims, along with Christians, demonstrated against the violence.
Did you register it?
I didn't know about that.
But I understand that those people feel the need to prove that they disagree with violence.
I don't think they have to do something like that.
Why should they feel guilty for something they didn't cause?
Do you meet in Prague with other Muslims?
My co-workers, for example, are from Egypt and other Muslim countries.
They are a bit more religious than I am, so we sometimes have quite wild discussions about Islam because we all see it a little differently.
I come from France, so I went through a different education, they had to learn Islam at school.
We have different approaches, but we respect each other.
People sometimes associate Islam with the subordinate position of a woman.
How do you feel about it?
I don't feel like a subordinate in any way.
Rather the opposite.
I'm a woman, I have strength.
It has to do with the fact that you don't wear any headgear.
A hijab, for example?
And it comes down to the way I was raised.
My mum, for example, is a really principled Muslim.
She prays five times a day, but she just doesn't wear a scarf.
She always taught me that faith was a purely personal thing.
It depends on everyone how she interprets it.
If you read the Koran, you should make your own opinion on those things.
So when I read a passage in the Koran that says God told the Prophet to hide his women from the eyes of others, I said to myself: I am not the Prophet's wife, so why should I hide?
On the other hand, I respect that, and if I go to Iran or Saudi Arabia, where the scarves require, I'll take it.
Are you planning to stay in Prague?
So far, yes.
I didn't feel so good anywhere else.
I thought about Poland for a while, but I'm great in Prague.
I can even imagine raising my own children here.
I think Prague is the ideal city for it.
Czech Muslims, along with Christians, demonstrated against violence.
The Yachtamaker Kozelska Fenclova winds up in Rio on the go.
Friday's ride at sea in Brazil's Rio de Janiero came to Czech yachtsman Veronica Kozelski Fencl.
In the class, Laser Radial moved ahead of the final two starts for the tenth time.
This would ensure the Czech Republic's participation in the final ride.
You will collect the packages as Pokémon.
They want to compete with the carriers.
TV director Matte Fox and the manager of the Prague music club, Mark Greger, are behind the idea of using already scheduled routes for transporting the shipments.
With the idea, they breathed life into a trio of apps with a different geographic reach.
We launched the national transfer app in May.
There are a thousand cities in it at the moment, and we will be expanding the network.
In the Czech Republic, we want to learn this first, before we focus more on abroad, says a 41-year-old manager in an interview.
How does the transfer app work and who can benefit from it?
You download it and you register for free.
Then you can enter a route and data on how much of a package you can handle and how much you want.
Someone might be asking for a transfer on that day.
If it suits both the route and the time of delivery, it will be paired, and there will be a mutual notification.
At that point, the chat opens, where the pair arrange a handover.
How many people do you think would have to register for each package to always find their courier?
I don't know the ideal condition, I can't estimate how many registered and how many trips are needed to make the coverage completely optimal and each offer paired with demand.
It's already working on the main moves, and it's logically easier than on the road between the villages.
The more people, the greater the potential for speed and accuracy.
People are also building trust and finding that no one is going to get away with the package.
You haven't had to deal with a case like this?
How many users have the service after two months of launch?
At the moment we have about 5 to 6,000 people creating roads.
We consider this a success and we believe that more will be packed.
Is there no need for the sender to wait too long?
We hope to be a competition for the big conglomerates just because we are able to deliver the thing on the same day and at a fraction of the price.
At a large company for delivery within two hours, you will pay several thousand.
Here you will pay a hundred or less, because that is the path that someone is already taking.
Should traditional carriers be worried about the potential loss of customers in the future?
We hope that will be the case.
The market has huge potential, it feeds huge multinational carriers, just like the department stores, where they all started shopping and gradually found that the quality didn't match what they were paying for.
No one wants to find a note in the mailbox with a message to pick up the package at the branch, first the day after the 19th.
By that time, I had needed the package for six hours, and I waited at home because it was important.
We want a better, faster and functional service that is not going to annoy anyone and send the competition a signal to try.
Mark Greger (41) and Matte Fox (39).
Neither has ever worked in the field of information technology.
Mark Greger works as the music club's manager, Matthew Fox as a TV director.
In 2014, they started preparing the Shippansee LTD, which is used to transport packages already scheduled to travel between the world's metropolitan areas, especially the plane.
In 2015, they commissioned a project to process a company that created apps needed for Mall.cz, Jobs.cz or ČSFD.
The programming took three-quarters of a year and the app was put on the market in March 2016.
They began developing the transfer app in December last year and published in May this year.
This is a local version of Shippansee adapted for the Czech market.
The messaging app and Mesik Profi were developed from this January and made available to users at the end of July 2016.
The intention was from the beginning to do all these apps that will one day come together in one.
In the Czech Republic, they want to fine-tune the app and then, in collaboration with a strong investor, focus more on the global market.
The sharing economy has been an issue lately, and this is a service like Airbnb or Uber.
Aren't you worried about action in an area that so far no one can say much about where the border of sharing is and where the grey economy is?
It's the same, just a different product.
We are clear that if this is a success and we go up with it, we will be another thorn in the eye through the grey economy.
But while someone saves and someone makes money, it is not intended to circumvent financial authorities and tax controls.
Any user, whether on one or the other, will be encouraged to Danil their revenue if they make the revenue.
What makes you think the service has so much potential?
The sender will save and make the transfer, or reduce the cost of the journey.
That's the strong idea that connects the interest on both sides.
At the time of the social networks that divide people, we would like this one to converge.
They can create nice stories, people are pleased that they have helped someone and will be told about it.
Maybe someone will get you forgotten glasses, keys or pills.
People, to my mind, have been missing a personal approach for a long time, this app we say is a service to people.
How do you guarantee the courier won't run away with the package?
Each user of the app, along with the registration, will scan the ID card and indicate a bank connection, payment or credit card.
These are channels that give both service and man credibility.
Couriers also collect stars based on the sender's assessment.
We're also offering insurance, we're still tuning out the details.
An uninsured shipment in the event of loss or damage by a courier, but does not, under criminal law, take responsibility for the contents if something is illegal inside and does not know it.
If he is stopped by police and finds a machine gun or ten kilos of hash in a sealed package in his suitcase, he will raid criminal responsibility on the sender.
Is there no risk of misuse of sensitive data from the database?
Registered are, where necessary, an administrative authority that is the only one who will be able to see it, nor are we able to see them, the data is protected against abuse.
How much money will a courier receive after a successful delivery?
The courier determines the price and gets the full amount he asks for.
The sender will charge a few percent extra for arranging the contact.
This money is our profit, but it's only a few per cent because we want to push the volume.
No one can accuse the courier that he didn't make the delivery when he actually delivered it, the takeover and delivery are verified using QR codes.
Are there any restrictions?
Whether in relation to the size or contents of the package?
You can move anything.
We have three sizes, small as a cube of butter, medium as a float of eggs and as big as a bass of beer.
After that, there are no further restrictions and if someone has a seat in the car, they will overtake the fridge.
Plus, the sender has the opportunity to take a picture in the app, so the courier can see what he wants.
You don't even have to pack a thing if you don't want to hide the contents.
You put a forgotten sweatshirt in the courier's hand, and that's it.
Who came up with the idea and how long did it take to run the service?
A friend got the idea more than two years ago, that's when I didn't pay much attention to it.
Then he showed me a demo app with a multinational reach that mainly targets plane passengers.
At that point I told him I wasn't going to look for an investor, but I would like to stand by it myself and put savings into it.
It took another year of development before we set up the Shippansee LTD in London due to the greater creativity of the whole product.
But this is not the version you are now particularly focused on.
No, the marketing has been focused on the Czech Republic, where we're trying to catch up with the app because the whole thing was in labor, and there's still a lot to deal with and improve.
We are trying to respond to feedback from customers and the foreign market is not doing so much at the moment.
We know it's a long run, but we don't want to, we want to create a really good product for people.
Shippansee LTD was the basic and most expensive app, the other two were an upgrade in their own way.
The transfer was created when we said that the national segment could be far more interesting and that we would at least learn it in the Czech Republic.
The third messaging app is local, for the city.
But he can send a package to an exact address on the other side of the world.
It works for the sender as well as the transfer, but the difference is that in it as a courier you see shipments in the form of points on the map that are closest to you, thanks to the geolocator in your mobile.
Apps for couriers who want to make a living, we called the Mecca of Profi.
So someone can make an outright profit by picking up packages around the city?
Exactly, the last app will be downloaded in Prague by a taxi driver, a student, a mother on paternity leave, someone who wants to make the journey to work.
Now that everyone's fooling around with the Pokemon, they can pick this up just the same.
One can see where there are orders around the city, come to it, click and see when it has to be delivered and overtake the shipment.
It's set cheaper than rival services.
At the moment, we are still doing a web interface that will be central to shipping companies, they will fill in the data on the site, so they will create points on the map.
We are then able to invoice their use of the service every month.
Do you now undertake the project full-time?
It benefits us, but we have it normally at work so we can support and develop the project.
There's not a strong multinational investor behind us, we're two guys, one of whom had a brilliant idea and the other jumped in with more stimuli and ideas.
We are now looking for an investor strong enough to manage with us not the Czech market, but which should, with the excuse of the ball, go with us into a global product and become another huge player in the market like Airbnb and Uber.
The story part of Titanfall 2 is meant to produce an almost forgotten variety.
That corrects the second piece, and the solo play in it will be more colorful than in Call of Duty, according to the first information.
The length will be around the standard eight hours, and the filling is to be based on the concept of network warfare in the first part.
It is therefore possible to enjoy freedom of movement, which, in addition to running, includes the possibility of using a combat titan.
In addition to the action passages, the game will contain levels focused precisely on skilled movement.
They will resemble platforms and include puzzles.
For example, double jumps, wall running and a rope slide are essential to overcome them.
In addition, it will also be necessary to eliminate enemies.
There will be no maps resembling a maze and levels with special concepts.
In one, for example, it will be possible to lift the platforms and close the massive doors.
You will take the form of a battlefield.
The pace of the game would be to oscillate between furious action and calmer moments for exploring an unknown planet.
We'll play Jack Cooper's foot soldier dreaming of a pilot's career.
Cooper at the start of the campaign, together with Captain Lastimosa, crashes on the alien planet Typhon, which is inhabited by enemy soldiers.
And the wilderness will not be lenient.
In addition, Lastimosa will suffer fatal wounds in the crash, and Cooper will therefore be given the task of operating the captain's titan.
His dream of a pilot's career would come true sooner than he had expected.
But the first step will be to steal the battery necessary for the robot's repair.
Cooper's calls with the titan will also be significant.
The players will serve as a source of information about the soldier's past, but at the same time the robot's dedicated communication will create humorous moments.
For example, when the titan will dryly list all the injuries Cooper faces in the planned jump.
The first information about the campaign in Titanfall 2 was brought by Polygon.
In addition, the result can be assessed in two months, and Bonusweb will bring you first impressions of the network game after Gamescom.
Titanfall 2 is out on 28 October, and for PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The THQ brand is alive, but the original label remains dead.
Swedish company Nordic is changing the name to THQ Nordic.
After the failure of THQ, in 2013, it acquired a number of its brands and the right to use both the logo and the name of the company.
Nordic, for example, gave the Darksiders 2 Deathnitive Edition or Red Faction Collection.
In addition, there are 23 more games for publishing, and 13 of them have not yet been revealed by the company.
Thirty years ago, at the time I retired, my wife, after thirty years of marriage, found herself 20 years younger, our neighbor.
I knew it from the beginning - she had obviously tried it for a long time, then they got together.
He's such a big guy, probably her type, because she dated a similar one in front of me.
She was completely crazy about him.
In those early days, she even changed her voice, she had such a girly, lovable voice.
But when I told her I knew what was going on, she was denying it.
But I watched the whole thing.
He was a regular at 3: 30 at the time, and she always left at 3: 00 to go shopping.
Every day, she tried to at least see him.
I found out later that they were meeting at his house, in the laundry room.
How many times did I know they were there?
I got my keys, decided to catch them there.
But I don't know why, in the end, I always stayed at home.
I've never been able to go there, make that decisive move.
You may laugh at me, but I believe my wife was thinking of me.
Soon she found out I was controllable, that I would do what she wanted.
And I actually did it.
Maybe I'm just a slipper.
At the same time, the neighbors suggested that he knew about it, too.
I was such a jerk that I never asked them what to do.
I was afraid that if it all snapped, it would be bad.
That it would all work out in the family, only the daughter knew.
So I always put it off, on and on.
But once I went to his apartment that I needed help with something in the laundry room.
He went there with me and I told him I had been given an anonymous tip that he was meeting with my wife and that it was indicative of everything.
I asked him what he was going to say.
He stood there, shrugging, staring at the ground and not saying a word.
Then, too, at the time, I met his wife on the way out of the store.
I told her, but she didn't believe it at all.
She didn't respond to it, and she didn't tell me anything either.
No one said anything to me then.
I'm the kind of person who never really went anywhere that has a problem meeting someone, let alone finding a woman.
So I didn't even think about the divorce.
I kept relying on it to end one day.
I thought I'd forgive her, and life would go on.
But that wasn't the case.
And I never really settled with all of that.
I still have it in me.
I used to give it to her often enough, but in the end I let it go.
He continues to live in the next house, and I continue to live with her.
It's just, rather than my wife, my housekeeper.
At home, she always did everything - cooking, washing, cleaning.
She's a hard worker.
I always thought she was trying to make me have no other reason to complain.
And you can tell she's good, too.
But sometimes I want to pet her, hug her, and she won't let go.
We go on walks and shopping together, and everyone thinks what a happy marriage we have.
But she once told me that she never loved me.
That she loved me and loved me, but that she didn't love me.
And I can see that he loves him to this day, he's her god.
And I don't enjoy that kind of life.
Even then, when it started and I carried it very badly, I once told her I didn't want to live and I asked what she would say if I ended it.
I wanted to see if she would agree to it or not.
And that's what I wanted to hear from her: Yes or no.
But she thought, and finally said, "But there's plenty of room."
Prime Minister Manuel Valls wants to set up a new French Islamic foundation to serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim people.
In the wake of the terrorist attacks, France is stepping up the fight against radical Islamists and calling on the government and the local Muslim minority to help.
"If Muslims themselves do not help the state against those who disrupt public freedom, it will be increasingly difficult for France to guarantee the freedom of their religion," Prime Minister Manuel Valls said.
He intends to ensure that only the spiritual educated in France are shown in the country.
Stop also wants the funding of mosques from abroad, when with money often come preachers inoculated by jihad.
By October, Prime Minister Valls wants to set up a new French Islamic Foundation to serve as a bridge between the state and its Muslim people.
The new institution will replace the current French Foundation for Islam, which was founded by then Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin in 2005.
By then, it should have contributed to the transparency of the financial flows between mosques and the countries that finance their construction.
But she was soon struck by internal contradictions, and it never worked properly.
"It's a total failure," Valls said.
The head of the new foundation appears to be former Interior and Defense Minister Jean-Pierre Chevènement, who is known as a supporter of the secular state.
There are some 2,500 mosques and prayers in France, about 120 of which serve radical Islamism.
Since 2012, French authorities have expelled some 80 Islamic clerics from the country, and a few more dozen are considering the move.
This week, German police also intervened against the jihadist cleric.
The imam reportedly recruited fighters for the Islamic State.
One of them operated a space where the faithful allegedly radicalised and later attacked a Sikh temple in Essen.
Right after the Charlie Hebdo attacks in January 2015, there was a debate in France about a new institution that will replace the dysfunctional foundation.
All precipitated further terrorist attacks carried out by radical Islamists in the name of the Islamic State.
The new foundation will have two main tasks - ensuring the funding of mosques from domestic sources, as well as overseeing the imams.
But it is not yet clear where it will receive funding, although several proposals are being considered.
One is a special levy on halal food, namely meat coming from defeats according to Islamic principles.
This tax would, in practice, be paid by the sellers of halal food, for granting permission.
Some of the money would then go to the foundation's budget.
A contribution of 10 to 20 euros could also be paid by French pilgrims who go to Mecca.
Every year, about 30,000 of them make the traditional pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia.
In addition, only preachers who have passed education programs at those universities should operate in French mosques.
Because of this, their sermons should be in line with democracy.
The government is also shutting down radical mosques.
"We have closed 20 of them since December and more will follow," said Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve.
"There is no place in France for those who preach hatred and do not respect the principles of our country, such as equality between women and men," he said.
Zaragoza.
His ex-wife was badly injured by an unknown gunman on Friday morning at a shopping centre in northern Spain's Zaragoza, the Independent reports.
The shooting occurred after the woman and daughter left the premises of the garage in their car.
The man was waiting in the car outside the shopping centre, where he also started shooting.
According to witnesses, the man then turned the gun against himself, the Independent reports.
The woman was taken to hospital by an uninjured daughter, and an ambulance had to arrive for the man in critical condition.
The crime occurred about 11.00 in the central part of the metropolis of the autonomous region of Aragon, not far from the local university.
Referring to the Spanish agency Europa Press, the Independent reports that the motive was probably an unresolved recent divorce from the two partners.
Rolls with asparagus, wakame algae, ginger and chilli sauce.
Summer wants light, well-digested meals, but we Czechs are rebels, and we have our appetites and our heads.
And so the summer garden smells of grilled krill, brisket, pork pins.
Nothing too healthy, nothing too light, yet occasionally with the exception of salad or roasted vegetables.
True, grilling is economical for both time and dishes, plus it's a social issue and no one needs to be locked up in the kitchen.
But there are other alternatives to making good delicacies that special dining, their preparation is a small ritual, but at the same time there is no need to cook, bake, fry or stew.
And to do that, they will contribute to our health.
Whether it's homemade sushi or sashimi, where high-quality raw materials and a few well-rounded gripes will be enough to make the preparation fun and the food itself a real exotic delicacy.
As well as even easier rolls in the rice paper from today's recipe.
Here, it even wastes time-consuming cooking and cooling the rice.
The paper can only be softened into water for a moment, and then it only depends on the chef's imagination, as he intends to play with the filling and accessories.
There's no kelp like kelp.
The advantage of a number of dishes of Asian cuisine today is that the raw materials are already normally available.
Including pickled sweet-sour ginger, which is one of the basic flavours accompanying sushi or fresh rolls.
You can also prepare it at home, but the true pink gari ginger has a unique spicy sharp and also delicious flavour thanks to a secret recipe, according to which it is mixed from several types of vinegar and ginger.
So all you have to do is buy a bag of matching size, and an attachment with demonstrable antibacterial effects, supporting digestion as well as resistance to cough or flu, is done.
Banana leaves.
They are used mainly in Buddhist and Hindu cultures while serving and decorating dishes as part of a variety of famous occasions and rituals.
Long ribbed banana leaves are very prevalent in a number of countries in Asia or South America also as a "gadget" for the preparation of a variety of baked, cooked and fried dishes that are packaged in the same way as alpacas.
The banana leaf will also give the dish a specific flavour.
For us, they can be bought in stores with exotic fruit and vegetables, even pre-cut into the shape of wheels.
However, choose only the leaves of a sizzling green, and therefore healthy - uncracked and spotless.
Similarly easy is the preparation of the salad from the kelp wakame, sesame and sesame oil.
It can be bought frozen again.
Who often eats or prepares sushi, she will probably know in particular the kelp nori.
In Japan, it is one of the most important species of seaweed from which it is produced by chopping, pressing and drying the so-called leaves of nori - a plate intended just to make sushi.
Wakame - a deep green kelp growing in the waters around the island of Hokkaido - is also fresh and dried and is as popular as the nori kelp.
By the way, who wouldn't know miso soup with wakame, supposedly Asian women use the odour for recovery after childbirth.
And at all, this kelp has an almost miraculous effect.
It cleans blood, strengthens circulation, even reportedly prevents graying hair and is literally loaded with mineral substances.
The dried and broken wakame also serves as a spice, such as the seasoning of rice.
The fresh algae will first be left in the water, then rinse, put in boiling water and cook for half a minute.
Then cool in the ice water, cut out the center ribs and continue to adjust, like a favorite salad.
But buying it already done, frozen, is the easiest solution.
So all that is left is to umpire the roll with an easy vegetable filling, delicious and light, full of healthy flavours.
Such a bomb of longevity.
If you resist and throw in an extra grilled brisket.
Eat healthily, lightly and airily.
Asians know how to do it.
All it takes is a few special ingredients and a bit of finesse, and you've got some interesting crisp food that delicious combines flavours.
And it's one and two.
Four pieces of rice paper, 40 g carrots, 40 g white radish, 100g green asparagus, 60 g salad cucumber, 60 g seaweed wakame and 60 g sweet chilli sauce.
A handful of chopped coriander, a spoonful of black sesame, a tablespoon of sriracha chilli sauce, 20 g of mango and 40 g of pickled gari ginger, a bit of pine nuts.
We'll prepare the rolls first.
We soak the rice paper for five seconds in cold water.
Then we take it out and wait for it to soften.
In the meantime, we briefly boil the asparagus shoots in hot water, after about three minutes to cool them quickly into the icy water so they don't lose their colour.
On the allowed paper, we insert the filling from the vegetables and wrap it.
We prepare the filling from white radish, carrot and salad cucumbers, which we cut into fine noodles, mix them with sweet chilli sauce, add the chopped coriander, mix thoroughly and put on the rice paper.
We put the asparagus sprouts on the banana leaf, add the rolls, and at the end the whole dish matures with the kelp wakame, pickled ginger, a slice of mango, sprinkled with black sesame, and add a few pine nuts.
Britain must settle for silver in sevens rugby, selection Fiji takes gold
The Great Britain's impressive performance in sevens rugby ended with a devastating stoppage at the last hurdle, Fiji beaten in the final game on Thursday night by the Brits at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio high 43-7.
The Fijians showcased a master lesson in processing, landfill, oppression, support play, running on a layup and brute force - and they won gold, their first Olympic medal ever.
The defeat came with an unbeaten consolation prize in the form of a silver medal - for Britain's third on a given day - and the British could be proud of their performances in the inaugural Olympic sevens rugby tournament, beating New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
A dodgy win over the South Africans 7-5 in the semi-finals that same day may have frozen them in the final.
However, Fiji would also beat the 15-man team in full health in its form.
It may not be a consolation for the Brits, but they can rejoice that at least one of them will have a gold medal around their necks tomorrow: The main coach of Fiji is Ben Ryan, the former head of England at Wimbledon.
Great Britain has come a long way.
Eight years ago under Ryan, they lost in the Adelaide Sevens every game.
They lost the only one here.
This defeat hurts, but progress is undeniable.
Fiji began spectacularly, the penetration of the British bulge for joy.
For captain Tom Mitchell and other teammates it was like running behind a series of buses in motion and the World Cup champions led 5-0 when Osea Kolinisau emerged from around the corner.
The clock showed four minutes and Jerry Tuwai added another down on the right wing from which was the conversion.
12-0 and Britain barely touched the ball.
Great Mitchel tried to stop the huge Leon Nakarawa and prevent him from scoring a third time, but only the Fijians slowed down.
In the seventh, Jasa Veremalua threw a touchdown into the right corner and the British were losing 17-0.
Nakarawa added another after the return and there was still more than 1 minute left on the clock... from the first half.
Vatemo Ravouva then penetrated through the languid Brits and rushed to a layup where he scored.
After converting to 29-0, there was a break.
It was as if Fiji had been born for rugby sevens, while the British were still learning the transfer.
That's exactly how it is.
The British made mass changes after half-time and the onslaught of the Fijians stopped... for a whole long four minutes, which was good compared to the first half, until after the brilliant interplay of Fiji's Josua Tuisov.
Dan Norton tried to get an opportunity for the Brits, threw a touchdown into the left corner on an increase of 36-7, but the game was already won by the Pacific Islands residents, and their fans on the galleries were singing, waving flags and dancing.
It was hard not to admire the utterly exhilarating approach of the Fijians.
In the final moments, Mata Viliame was yet another attempt to celebrate the Fiji victory.
There was a whistle, and the Fijians embraced, and the British fell to the grass.
Earlier that same day Fiji beat Japan 20-5 in the semi-final, and the UK beat South Africa in a tight semi-final - the difference of one conversion.
Kyle Brown got the South African in the first half into the lead, but Dan Norton, thanks to his dazzling footwork, broke through the defensive line and scored in the second half under the throw.
The great late dump of Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony on England's 15-man team, secured victory - and, finally, a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning to victory in rowing race inspired trainer's battle with cancer
You won't find more emotional gold at these Games - and that's something to say.
From the first shot to the last, during 220 punishing trips to history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found further significance in their golden moment at Estacio de Lagoa.
Although there were two of them, there were three of them in the ship, and as the ship whizzed across the surface to meet the second Olympic gold in the women's doubles race, the voice of the ever-present coach, Robin Williams, was the first women in the history of British sport to achieve such a result.
Their superiority was absolute, overall it was their 39th race in which they remained insurmountable.
What we see - two superb athletes flying across the water with the elegance of a swan - does not reflect the nature of victory altogether.
For every gold medal of rowing, the batsman's auxiliary hands, which piece by piece mean the difference, and no hands were helped more than the hands of a trainer who, 30 months ago, did not know whether he would live to see this day when he was diagnosed with cancer.
In his words, it was uncertain.
I have suffered from bladder cancer that can be operated, and I have undergone this surgery.
Without surgery, anything could happen.
It would be a very bad situation.
It kind of changes your perspective.
The cancer was detected by Williams in December 2013.
The luck for the whole trio was that he could get treatment in early 2014, off-season, and cut the shortfall to a minimum - if that's what we can call it in such circumstances.
I needed to make money, so I had to get together quickly.
That was the impetus.
I was in the hospital and I was walking around the room - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said a few steps were enough.
That's how it started.
Rowing itself is a journey, but this was a bit more challenging.
Immediately after the victory, their first thoughts on Williams, who was very nervous in the morning, spoke less than usual as he tried to manage his own unease.
Stanning, captain of the Royal Artillery Regiment, which has a mission in Afghanistan, said: "I've been at the bottom with my emotions this week, maybe it's a bit extreme, but it means so much."
Again, it highlights how much it means to me how much we've worked with Helen and Robin as well.
Up until now it's been three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we wouldn't be anyone, so he's a huge thanks to him, he's the best coach in the world.
I couldn't have asked for a better man for training or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a single race in five years.
The pair put on a stunning rhythm that their rivals couldn't match.
Even in the final 500 metres, when crews from New Zealand and Denmark began approaching, Stanning and Glover had a very large reserve.
We were focused at the moment.
Helen shouted, "Don't stop, don't stop."
It's really important not to get carried away.
We had a good start and at the same time we didn't want to achieve something famed.
We weren't enjoying the fireworks today, we just wanted to row well, go out and win the race, which we did.
The pair will take a year to decide before deciding what happens next.
Glover is getting married next week, her nascent is TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now he wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't mean to say it was going to be my last race.
That would be too much pressure.
It took around six months in London to find out I was an Olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes here.
I feel a lot better about it, "she said.
A front-row seat to the splendid architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
The Society of Historians of Architecture / Southern California Chapter is hosting a meeting with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "The Central Library in Los Angeles: A History of Her Art and Architecture."
Gee and Schwartzmann will speak and show pictures of the design of Bertram Goodhuea in 1926 and the renewal and appearance of 1933 by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The meeting will take place from 14 to 16 hours on 21 August at Salle Moderne at the private school Southwestern School of Law in Art Deco (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), at 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can view the central hall, the Period Rooms, the Cactus Lounge and the tea room.
It is necessary to purchase a ticket in advance: Members of SAH / SCC $15, non-members $25.
An open industrial loft in DTLA will see a cosy overhaul.
Celebrate with us the 90th birthday of the Central Library in LA.
Prison?
They're more likely to bring people in for free, says the taxi-mafia hunter Rubins to the deluxe indictment.
Six taxi drivers and a former magistrate official in Prague are, as TIME reported, the defendants.
You have made a series of reports in which you have revealed fraudulent practices as well as those in the group that will stand trial.
You faced a few unpleasant skirmishes with exposed actors.
How much is the news to you about indicting members of an organized group delusional?
I thought there might be a trial.
I'm mainly curious about the verdict.
But I don't think they should be in prison.
That's no good.
Primarily, they should return all the stolen money.
And they should return them by driving all the people for free.
That's a somewhat arbitrary solution.
So does that mean you don't see any punishment as effective enough?
For me, it's sufficient that some of them are so worried that they don't do the job anymore.
For example, one does a ping, another delivers a pizza, and one has completely ditched it.
Defendants can theoretically get two to eight years in prison.
Do you think that's an adequate rate?
I generally have a problem with imprisonment.
I consider it a bad punishment.
Putting someone in jail, especially in that case, is nonsense.
Such people should return the company they took from her.
For a quarter of a century they were committing to destroying our country's name and stealing from people.
So let them make a good card now and roll people out for free.
I can't imagine it any other way.
It would work as a community service.
As someone goes to collect rubbish, they would get a car and they would drive people around Prague for free.
No, I really think they'll eventually get probation and they won't care.
They'll find another way to cheat somewhere.
He studied at the Film Academy Miroslav Ondoka in Sand, and subsequently at Thomas Bati University in Zulu.
It belongs to people who started in the Czech Republic with viral videos and videos directly for the site.
He works as an editor for Internet TV Stream.cz, where he is involved in a series of programmes, now preparing the Prague Guide, which is primarily intended for foreign viewers.
These Rubes advise, in the form of short reports, what services to avoid in Prague, and what it recommends to use without fear.
He previously shot a series with the names How to, The City of Fraud?, Life in Luxury, And Enough! And Prague vs. Prachy.
In the indictment, they refer to them as an organized group.
Police followed her for several months.
Can such a network of fraudulent taxi drivers be described as mafia?
They're such cute mobsters, not the kind we know from The Godfather.
It's more about the mobsters - the juniors, but the organised ones are for sure.
It's just that they're watching each other's relay.
Prague is all over the place.
I have observed that, for example, the main railway station does not like Paris, Paris does not like the taxi drivers waiting at the Charles Spa (disco club)
Everyone just watches their place, and every group is organized.
It appears to be a complex network.
But the defendants are combined with just seven people, six taxi drivers and one former magistrates official who warned the driver about the checks.
As you say, the undesirable phenomenon has not gone off the streets.
What percentage of Prague's taxi-service scammers, according to your estimate?
It's a very small percentage.
The worst ones on the street still are.
I'm talking about Alec Fish, for example.
This is a man who is really dangerous - he carries a telescopic baton in his car, and every Friday and Saturday he stands at the Charles Bridge and carries people.
The last time I went with him, he wanted seven hundred for three miles.
His police didn't hold out for some reason.
They picked just a few people from the whole big group.
However, the same situation is in the other locations of Prague.
Thus, by ordering seven people, it is difficult to eradicate the already famous Prague necessities, which seem to have much larger dimensions.
It's completely useless, of course.
It will help, but all evil won't wash, that's true.
Are the taxi drivers who rob foreign tourists, still in the same places you showed in the reports, the Charles Bridge or Paris Street?
Yes, that's right.
They stand in these locations every day, and they break the decrees every day.
It ignores both the city police and the Prague Magistrate.
It's not a Cat anymore, but total indifference.
The business of Prague taxi drivers in numbers
Yet some of them, though only part of the group, will be put on trial.
It's already a breakthrough.
So I have to ask: Do you feel vindicated?
If I took it as a vindication, it would be wrong, because my goal was, is and always will be, to improve the centre of Prague.
And even if I feel like I need to be a little bit better, I will continue to do so.
You need to push on the door from the other side.
Even if the last thief stays there, we should still be doing something to remove it.
You can't be satisfied with that.
But it isn't, there are more of them, of course.
Are you still trying to confront them directly in the taxis?
Sometimes I do test runs and I have to say it's still bad.
Just last week I caught a taxi driver, by the way, from the same group, and he was very surprised to see me again.
He charged £560 for three kilometres, although he then claimed it was a sum of 56 kroner (he used the trick with the decimal point).
He had a receipt for it, the police arrived and this taxi driver was so cute he was still going after the police officers and asking them when someone would finally give him the 56 kroner.
A similar case.
A taxi driver crossed a decimal point on the meter and robbed tourists of $357.
Can you say that the audacity of fraudulent taxi drivers didn't budge even after you showed the faces of those who charged unreasonable amounts for a short ride in your footage?
Their audacity is still incredible.
What happened to the 56-kroner taxi driver?
Officers sent him away saying they could not discuss with him at the scene because he had issued a receipt.
And that will be, I think, a problem in that court (six taxi drivers and one exec).
On one side there will be a taxi driver with his receipts, on the other side of the police.
But under the Supreme Administrative Court's decision, magistrates must not use secret recordings of a taxi service vehicle as evidence in court.
When I was filming parts about their cheats, the taxi drivers themselves alerted me to this precedent.
But I've always wanted to use the footage to report.
Are you concerned that this fact could protect them in court?
I hope every judge understands that no taxi driver could drive for six or ten kronor per kilometre because he wouldn't be able to support it.
You were talking about a trick with a decimal point that, particularly in front of foreign clients, underwater taxi drivers are shifting.
Is it still up-to-date, or are they anxious to continue using this gimmick after the publication of your reports?
I think we've done this trick by sending off the show.
I recently rode with a taxi driver, praising in front of me that he was the honest taxi driver.
But then I noticed a black cardboard stuck from the side of the meter.
When I asked him what he had there, he said to me, "You know what it is."
When fines haven't worked too well for taxi-fraudsters, can they be warned to impress the court with their colleagues?
Is there anything that can deter them from fraud?
You said they'd always find a way to cheat.
I don't think anything can deter them.
But someone can push them out of those places.
And those are fair taxi drivers who should be fighting more to seriously get them out of there.
I have to say from my experience that the fair taxi drivers in Prague, fortunately, prevail.
But are they keen to go against those who spoil the reputation of their service?
They have a taste, but they miss them.
They can't really walk in it and they can't say exactly what they want.
When they held the demonstration (because of a proposal for a full-scale restriction coming from the office of Mayor Adrian Krnacek), it didn't seem very clear what they wanted.
Once they said they weren't protesting against Uber, that they just wanted to have the same conditions as this service, then they said they wanted more than Uber.
It turned out that they just blocked the Pig and made only the best possible ad for Uber.
How, overall, do you value the approach of the Prague Magistrate in dealing with the problem of driving?
You can see that the criminal police must have stepped in to sort something out.
The Magistrate was short on it.
They had a mole that was carrying out information, which means the taxi department was doing its job for a couple of years for nothing.
I hope they charge the official in the last check of all the wasted checks to realise what he did.
That's the worst part.
I was even on one control ride with him, which I found out subsequently from their roster.
It has been several months since publishing the last parts of the series.
What's the response?
I think mainly of foreign viewers, before the series is actually the most focused.
Every time I have friends from abroad, I give them the videos.
And then when we go after Old Town Square, it's a surprise that the same people seen in the footage are really standing there.
The infamous real-life celebrity.
Seriously, though.
I would build a fence around them so people would look at them.
The Museum of Communism right on the street.
My last question is clear.
Do you take a cab when you need to?
Oh, yeah.
I ride with services that I don't have to pay in cash, but by card.
I use services like Uber or Liftago where there is no possibility of fraud.
But there are also many dispatches that are fair.
I've only taken a cab on the street ever since.
The driver said to me after getting into the car, "I mean, you've got guts."
I'm dressed as an Italian tourist.
The taxi driver's fraudulent practices were written in 2005.
In the same year, the former mayor, Pavel Blessed, had set out for a control drive in disguise as an Italian tourist, and on the first attempt the driver had cheated him by two hundred.
Editor Rube had a worse experience, though.
Taxi drivers charged him $820 for driving from Old Town to Wenceslas Square, which comes to about $195 per kilometre, as calculated by the report's creators.
At the same time, the Prague Municipality set the maximum price at 28 kronor per kilometre.
There are also other surprising sums in the recorded report: For example, a two-mile journey from the streets of Paris to the Trumps cost the tourist $400.
The expensive rides were also provided by taxi drivers waiting at the Charles Bridge.
They charge even six hundred crowns for riding the Angel, which has 2.5 miles.
The marble is washed mostly with clean water, as much as possible without chemistry, and the longer the better.
Impurities go well from it, although sometimes the dirt has to be put down by the scalpel, it needs to be gouged out of the folds.
It's not easy, and it's not going fast, she has approached her work by restaurateur Vanesa Trosta of Oldřich at the Grove.
Hats off in front of her: The tombstone is surrounded by scaffolding, after which you need to climb up and down countless times.
"A restaurateur should be meticulous, patient and non-violent on a work environment," she stated.
On the fryer, this is far from the first of her restoration work.
Thanks to her the restoration of, for example, the stone elements of the facade in the back tract of the fryer's town hall, she also restored the statues of Saint Mary Magdalene in Mystery, St John of Nepomuk in Frhydland, Pieta in the fryer's Okrum Street, the Mariana column in Frhydland or Atlanta in the front-facing spa in New Town under the Death.
With the restoration of the gravestone of Melchior, Christopher, and Catherine of Redern, it began in the fryer in 2011.
Now clearing the surface of the stone elements from the nose of impurities and the crust, the loose stone parts will be secured against fall and shift; they will either be anchored to the wall or to each other.
There is also the treatment and preservation of the surface.
The inscriptions on the tomb will be gilded again.
"After that, it will begin by gilding the inscriptions on the marble plates with a piece of canvas gold," said a report by the State Remembrance Service of the city's office in the fryer Vera Sobotka.
There are no records from the past that the tombstone has undergone any repairs.
On a closer look, they take in the openings, drilled in marble columns.
It's hundreds of years old, and it's the remains of a gravestone.
It was richly decorated, unfortunately, after a raid by the Swedes in the Thirty Years War all disappeared.
They literally combed the tombstone, Sobotka noted.
In the Church of the Nalect of the Holy Cross, the restaurateurs are with a slight premium as at home.
After the flood in 2010, it was necessary to put the tombstones under water, the restoration of the christening, the wall paintings in the tomb and now the tombstone.
"We would also like to embark on the vitriol in the future," she told Sobotka.
The church is otherwise in very good shape, putting money into maintenance and repair every year.
The restoration work to restore the Redern headstone will come in total at $128.
They will be covered by subsidies, the city will not be putting any of its money into this part of the recovery.
The $100,000 will go just from a win in the regional round of the Historic City contest of 2015, the remaining $28,000 is then the contribution of the Ministry of Culture, the mayor of the fryer Dan Ramzer has clarified.
The release of the winnings on the restoration of the headstone was decided by the trustees.
Experts' views on future developments in selected foreign markets monitored through indices and comparison with the Czech capital market (PX) over a period of one month and a half.
Low volatility and growth dominate the markets.
Who would have said that earlier in the year.
The US S & P500 index, which went through a 12% correction in February, is now at a new historic high and has accounted for 7 per cent since the start of the year.
Again, the iron rule is confirmed that long-term traders should never go against the interest of central banks, which, in the end, have always achieved their own.
In a situation where US stocks are at an all-time high, volatility is falling again, which is currently at its lowest since 2014, when markets happily and without fear grew thanks to the US central bank's quantitative easing and when, like today, the volatility index (VIX) held steady below 12 percent.
And not to.
Although the Fed continues to prepare for a gradual increase in interest rates, quantitative easing in Europe and Japan is in full swing, and in the past week the Bank of England has also put a hand in buying bonds of £70 billion in the coming six months.
So a new wave of quantitative easing is pushing already-low yields even lower, contributing to the near-complete elimination of risk and fear of the future.
How long will this condition last?
That, of course, is the million-dollar question.
But there are no risks in sight at the moment, the world economy is going through almost constant growth without major fluctuations, the situation in the commodity market and in China is stabilizing, and Brexit is no longer an issue, so we probably shouldn't be too surprised if US stocks continue to survive in a similarly calm regime.
Too bad Juncker isn't studying Klaus!
I am very pleased that my friend Michel Barnier has accepted this important and challenging task.
I wanted an experienced politician for this difficult job, the head of the European Commission, Juncker, said, when French politics (really experienced, because of so many transnational political functions, that a better example of the so-called European elite would be difficult to find) appointed the European Commission's chief negotiator for the terms of the UK's exit from the EU.
Juncker's selection blew out hints of hope that it is in the serious interest of the EU to seek a form of future friendly coexistence with Britain.
However, most British media have accepted Barnier's name as Juncker's war act.
Barnier is a rocky European federalist.
He hates Great Britain.
As the Commissioner for the Internal Market (2009-2014), he was in charge of the reform of European banking law.
He conceived it as only he could take it: A hardened enemy of the Anglo-Saxon concept of the free market and the model of capitalism.
A supporter of multilateral regulation, he has co-authored the concept of the so-called banking union and, in spite of everything that comes from the City of London, has sold legislation exorbitant of the hard regulation of the financial sector and services.
So this Michel Barnier, the representative of Paris in a dispute with London, will be a tough, adamant and apparently ruthless negotiator.
That's probably not good news.
How, in this context, do not remember the calm and friendly division of the Czechoslovak federation, to which the balance sheet, overview and empathy of Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus contributed so much.
Therefore, today, Czechs and Slovaks can be the closest friends and allies.
Too bad Juncker didn't learn from Wenceslas Klaus - at least in this one.
It would be to the good of everyone!
Earthquakes around Putin?
The ruler of the Kremlin dismissed his close Ivanov.
On Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Sergei Ivanov from his post as head of the presidential office.
Anton Vajno will take his place.
It was reported by Russian media, citing the announcement of the Kremlin's press service.
Putin, meanwhile, hinted that he would release Ivanov at his own request.
At the meeting, which was relayed by TV station Rossiya 24, the president said he was coming out to meet the wishes of Ivanov speaking at the time of taking office that he wanted to be head of the presidential office for a maximum of four years.
At the same time, he announced that Ivanov would be his special representative for ecology and transportation.
News of the exchange at the head of the president's administration, which will now be led by Ivanov's previous representative, Vajno, is considered fairly surprising.
In fact, Ivanov, who is 63, is described as one of Putin's closest aides.
This former KGB officer in the past, for example, has held the duties of defence minister and deputy prime minister.
He will now also leave the chair of a member of the president's security council.
But in meeting with Putin, Ivanov said that the length of staying at the head of the administration of the head of state was actually a record.
He lasted four years and eight months.
In this context, he recalled that in the 25 years since its establishment, 11 people have already been replaced in this capacity.
The Kvitova and the Deputies will not play the finals.
So far, neither of Friday's tennis matches has been able to turn into a finals presence.
First her fight was lost to Petra Kvitova, who succumbed to Puerto Rican surprise Monica Puig after sets 4-4, 6-1 and 3-6.
Kvitova was followed for a moment by the Czech Deputies of Scalia's uncle.
The slayers of the Williams sisters, while reaching for a win in the first session, missed two setbacks, and the Ruskies finally captured the set in a shortened game.
The second set then lost 4-6.
The half-time success in the morning programme in Rio was recorded by Czech rowing: Skiers Andrew Sonny with a preview win of his semi-final when the second Damir Martin of Croatia was beaten despite being elected in the end by almost a second.
Good today, the conditions were great, the wind calmed down.
I tried to save as much as I could, Sonny said.
His rivals, unlike him, had to fight for the procedure.
So it took some power, it might be easier tomorrow.
But I'm not saying it's going to be easy, it's just playing into my cards, said the rowing Dukes.
But Mirka Topinka-Knapka did not walk in Snyk's footsteps.
The 35-year-old rower took fourth position in today's semi-final in her riding and is expected to start in the B final on Saturday and fight for the 7th to 12th place.
They don't defend the gold of London.
I didn't go to the finals for the first time at the Olympics.
I'm a little sorry, but on the other hand, I had a good race, and I gave it everything I could.
The rivals were simply better, Topinka Knapka bent in front of them.
She fought until the end and believed she would make it to her fourth games among the elite six.
She gave up the fight until just before the goal.
I knew the girls were balanced, that anyone could move out of that field.
I was surprised by the Chinese that she had such finesse.
And I thought I could move past the Austrians to the final.
Unfortunately, she rode a life race today, she told the 2011 Masters.
Far behind the final wicket in Rio remained the young striker Phil Nedoggy, who, for the second time, failed to break out of qualifying, this time a mortar in the lining.
In it, Nedoggy took 33rd place.
The qualification was best left to the Russians.
From the first line, Sergey Kamensky advanced with 629 points, from the second Kirill Grigorjan (628.9).
Nepal's shot was worth 620.5 points.
Athletes have also spoken to the programme in Rio for the first time, among them Czech sevens Catherine Cachia and Eliska Kluchin.
Cachia is 11th place after the second discipline of the Olympic competition, Czech record-holder Eliska Kluchin is 22.
It is led by Briton Katarina Johnson-Thompson, who jumped to a height of 198 centimetres as well as continuously second Belgian Nafissatou Thiam.
Both took care of the historically best embroidery performance within the sevens.
They tried to jump 201 centimeters, but they failed.
German, Russian, who's worse?
When we look away from the absurdity of such a question: The German company has undergone a deep self-reflection, whereas Russia has not.
In the two great Eurasian nations, there were dictators in the 20th century, and regimes that were inhuman, brutal and terrible came to power.
The Russian Bolsheviks, from 1917 to 1989, contributed largely to the 94 million victims of communism mentioned by the Black Book of Communism, whether they were daily individual repression, targeted famines, incompetent warfare or inhuman experiments.
The Nazis wiped out around 6 million Jews in an inhuman way, and the total victims of World War II are estimated at 60 million.
Both the Germans and the Soviets carried out atrocities in the occupied or leaving territories.
Only a few individuals were guilty in Germany or the USSR, but a large part of the nation participated in these crimes whether actively, passively or simply by cowardice or by sticking their heads in the sand.
This is not the specificity of just these nations, we Czechs are similarly guilty.
In Germany immediately ending the war came Denacification, the Nuremberg tribunal.
But the most important thing came later.
When the children grew up, they began to ask: Daddy, Grandfather, why did you take part in such atrocities?
How could you!
This brought real reflection and healing of society.
Until recently, German elites were mainly concerned about the country's prosperity, the elimination of poverty, the well-being of its citizens.
Now they have other (often naively idealistic) goals, but they are certainly not about attaching back Alsace-Lorraine or someone - to revandite - militarily - anyone will recognize that.
After losing the Cold War in Russia, there was no great reflection.
The window of possible positive changes finally closed at the turn of the millennium when former KGB officer (sic!) Vladimir Putin came to power.
The often criminal past is celebrated in Russia today.
The politics of Russia's journeyman is the revante, the conquest of lost lands, the humiliation of the West.
Health, prosperity and the future of its own people are of no value to the faithful.
Beat yours, and strangers will be afraid.
I still believe it is only those decades of despotic regime that the Russians are not genetically or culturally inferior - destined for Asian (self) tyranny.
Who thrives on the growth of tensions around Crimea?
The Ukrainian army.
In recent days and hours, there has been a deterioration in the situation on the Ukrainian-Russian border in the Crimea region.
To whom does the growth of tensions thrive?
After a prolonged period of relative calm, there has been a further deterioration in relations between Ukraine and Russia.
The pretext of the Ukrainian side became the peninsula of Crimea, which was attached more than 2 years ago to Russia and is part of its territory.
The reports from both abusive parties, of course, contradict each other, and it is difficult to independently verify them, so we have the opportunity to only consider the old familiar question to whom does it benefit?
According to reports from Moscow, there have been terrorist attacks on Crimea from the Ukrainian side, which of course Ukraine rejects and, in turn, accuses the Kremlin of provocation.
Information on the arrest of Ukrainian special forces in Russia has already come from the Savchenko pilot's case that they were allegedly kidnapped in Russia.
If we came to the Ukrainian version, what would Russia benefit from worsening the situation around Crimea?
The simple answer is: Nothing.
The escalation of tensions around Crimea can only damage Russia, mainly from the West in the form of further tightening of sanctions and the intensification of the anti-Russian campaign.
In the last year, against the backdrop of the immigration crisis in Europe, there has been a retreat from the situation in Ukraine.
The Ukrainian leadership has already lost full credit to its residents when President Poroshenko's current support is about 15%.
Ukraine's economy would have gone bankrupt long ago if not for generous financial injections by the EU and especially the IMF.
In this situation, the Ukrainian regime needs to draw attention to its country once again in order to justify its further requests for financial assistance and to try to improve its reputation before voters in their country.
President Poroshenko and other members of the leadership forces once again want to show themselves as strong men who are not afraid to stand up to the great Russia.
It is to be hoped that all those attempting to unleash an open conflict between Ukraine and Russia will eventually realize their enormous responsibility for the lives of not just soldiers, but of all ordinary people on both rival sides, and stop their hostile actions in time.
Bulgaria reported inflation for first time in eight months
According to national statistics, the monthly inflation rate reached 1% in Bulgaria in July.
This is the highest value in a few years (since June 2012) and the first non-zero value since October last year, when a positive inflation rate of 0.2% was published.
The annual average inflation rate, measured by the CPI, over the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous period of 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, so monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the start of the year (July 2016 versus December 2015) was -0.2% and the annual inflation rate in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
Compared to the previous month, there was an increase in the journeys of these consumer goods groups in July 2016: Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), culture and recreation (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), other goods and services (0.3%).
The price decrease occurred in clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%), health (0.1%).
At the same level as the previous month, prices remained for alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication and education.
The US Secret Service said the year was followed by hacking attacks by the Russians.
Information about the Russian attacks came to the public last month, when the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) announced it was investigating an attack on the servers of the Democrats "party headquarters.
But there is no official mention of the Russian share of the attack.
Moscow has denied a share of the attack.
News of the surveillance of the alleged Russian attack was top secret because its disclosure would show that the US Secret Service was monitoring the hacking attack and revealed it could also be the way they do it and what resources they use.
Two Russian intelligence services were said to have been involved in the attack operation.
New Cyber Security Advisory Council
The material about the surveillance of the Russian footprint was encrypted, and only a small group of experts had access to it, Reuters wrote.
Only a small group of eight leading members of Congress, called a gang of eight, have been informed from public officials.
It is made up by the heads of both chambers Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan, the chairmen of Democrats in both chambers Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid, and four members of Congress's branding and security committees.
The acting head of the Democratic Party, Donna Brazile, announced on Thursday that she was creating an advisory board for cybersecurity to "prevent future attacks and provide first-rate protection for Democratic Party servers."
There was a dangerous parasite in the smoked salmon from Alberta.
The chain apologized.
Based on the consumer's complaint of health problems following the consumption of the food Losos wild smoked - bits of 100 g, the consumption date of 22.11.2016 was carried out by Prague health inspectors at the Albert shops in Wenceslas Square and on the Bridge.
The inspection found that a batch of L23012562 / T4 with a consumption date of 22.11.2016, to which the customer had pointed out, was no longer available and therefore the product of the identical batch with a consumption date of 11.12.2016 was taken.
The laboratory examination confirmed the presence of Anisakis spp. Anisakis simplex.
This is a parasitic worm of the digestive tract of marine mammals.
This is dangerous for humans - larvae in the body cavity or muscle of fish are a strong allergen, and man-made living larvae can penetrate through the stomach wall into the internal organs, he said.
Our customers are very sorry for the problems with this branded product.
We have immediately withdrawn from the sale and, as a precaution, we have withdrawn all other batches of this item.
The misconduct occurred on the part of the contractor we are dealing with, and at the same time we left this product to be tested, said newspaper spokeswoman Albert Barbara Vanko.
If a customer has bought this product, it can return it in any of the chain's stores and get the money back.
Larvae will destroy frost as well as sufficient heat treatment
The seller was Nekton-Vrñata.
On the occurrence of a dangerous product, health officials have informed the Prague and Central Veterinary Administration.
According to the Safety Food website, people after ingesting the parasite can become sick with anisakiosis, which will show severe abdominal pain, vomiting and nausea, or the disease can take place without symptoms, Read said.
Symptoms occur an hour to two weeks after consumption of undercooked infected fish.
After three weeks from the onset of the disease, the larvae usually spontaneously leave the digestive tract.
Both adult worms and larvae are sensitive to both higher and low temperatures, so they are killed either in sufficient heat treatment of fish meat or at freezing.
Vets have currently checked the salmon as well as the recipient of imported goods in the CAR.
Three of the five samples examined had a parasite in them.
A shipment of 1700 products came to the CR, according to the State Veterinary Administration (JRC) in early April.
Dispatched, in the vast majority to the Ahold chain, there have been 919 packs to date.
A download of unsold stock of the product from stores is currently underway, the JRC spokesman Peter Pejchal said on Friday.
Vets immediately banned sending other products from the warehouse after the discovery of positive samples.
A 17-year-old British woman wanted to flee Raqqa, killed apparently by a Russian raid.
After an initial enthusiasm and quick marriage to the jihadist, who was soon killed, it came sobering.
The expected paradise of the chalet has turned into hell for British girls in a country from which there was no escape.
The girl was in contact with her sister Halima, according to relatives.
She had repeatedly phoned her to the UK and confided that she wanted to go back home.
Leaving the Islamic State is like trying to escape Alcatraz.
They have orders to shoot without thinking, the Telegraph quotes the lawyer of the family of the late girl Tasnim Akunjee.
The last tracks led to Raqqa, from there the girl was last heard.
Then there was only news of her death, which could not be verified.
The family had been communicating with her from a flat in east London.
Together, they discussed how she could get out of Raqqa and cross the Turkish border.
There, they hoped to meet the former student again.
But Kadiza was probably killed before she could flee because the house she was staying in compared to a country raid in May, Britain's ITV News reported.
The TV added that the bomb appeared to have been dropped by a Russian plane that was attacking the IS stronghold in Syria.
You would lift the blue from the sky just to get your child out of a dangerous area, said Tasnim Akunjee, the family's lawyer.
In the week that (Kadiza) thought about escaping from Islamic State territory, one Austrian was caught trying to escape and was publicly beaten to death, according to the available information.
I think she (Kadiza) interpreted it as a warning and decided not to take the risk, according to the BBC's Akunjee.
The family would do anything.
Kadiza Sutlanao, along with 15-year-old friends from school Shamima Begum and Amir Abass, made the trip on February 17 last year.
At home, all they said was that they were going out.
But they headed to Gatwick airport and from it via Turkey to IS-controlled territory.
The girl's family, according to the lawyer, was doing everything in her power to get Kadizu back.
You would lift the blue from the sky just to get your child out of a dangerous area and this family did everything they could, straining all the power to get their daughter home.
But it was not possible without risking being caught themselves, the lawyer added.
The only positives, he says, are that the fate of Kadizy may serve as a deterrent for other girls, or even boys, to be fooled by Islamist propaganda.
"There are many cases where people went out there, they realized how things were there, they understood how far it was different from the promises of Islamic State propaganda, and they wanted to come back," Akunjee stated further.
The fate of Kadiz's classmates is not known.
But since they have also paused, their families must accept that they are most likely dead.
To jail for money.
In Scotland, you can go behind bars even without committing a crime.
For many centuries, the municipality of Inveraray was the regional centre and seat of the Duke of Argyll.
Since the mid-1800s, courts have been held at City Hall, and the basement under the hall has served as a local prison.
The conditions in which the convicts survived were pitiful, and many prisoners tried to escape.
A lot of them, even successfully.
That's why city representatives have decided to move the prison's premises to a new location.
The new building was completed in 1848 and was much more welcoming to prisoners, had heating and gas lighting.
It had not been in operation for a long time, and it was closed for economic reasons by the end of August 1889, as the smaller corrective facilities were costly to operate and did not pay much.
The stories of the convicts and the hunt for ghosts.
For the public, the prison opened a century later, visitors can compare an old building with a new one to see for themselves how different conditions were in them.
Guides in period costumes amplify the authentic experience.
There is also a torture room in which visitors can learn what forms of punishment were applied to criminals, whether it was breaking fingers or burning marks on the body.
As part of the tour, tourists can be allowed to close in one of the cells, usually for a photo to remember, or to guide the feeling that inmates experience behind bars.
In addition, Inveraray prison is one of Scotland's most famous sites, where it is reportedly haunted.
There have already been several groups of hunters of paranormal activity, and to this day the museum allows people to come hunt some ghosts.
Such a night, however, works out at £300, which is worth about £9500.
Commuters, in addition to this popular tourist attraction, are also attracted to great food, surrounding panoramas and history.
"Animated" effect on Snapchat is criticized as Asian cartoon
According to Snapchat, this filter is inspired by animation, but some observers say it is racially insensitive.
Every day, the Snapchat app allows about 150 million users to change reality and play with identity in ways that border on absurdity.
You can make yourself a pineapple, a dog or a character that seems to have stepped out of a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
Filters are simple tools that deform reality and generate more than 30 million improved selfies every day.
Any mistake will be published immediately.
Snapchat's filters have earned criticism in the past with accusations that the app promotes blackface or that it promotes white shades of skin as an ideal of beauty.
So when this week users offered a filter that made them have slanted eyes, twisted teeth and inflated faces, some critics called it a racist cartoon of Asians - "yellowface."
And they asked whether these repeated contentious questions did not point to the company's bigger problem - a diversity problem.
On Wednesday, the Verge and Motherboard wrote about it, and news and outrage spread quickly, and Snapchat said the next day that it had canceled the feature.
The company offered an explanation: The filter was intended as a sign of the accounts of the characters animated, not as a cartoon of Asians.
But to observers who witnessed racism, the filter added to the painful stereotypes in action.
Others bluntly rejected the comparison with the animations.
Grace Sparapani, an American art student from Korea whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said in an email that the filter was "at least harmful and embarrassing."
She added that "it's hard to argue against a comparison of the obvious Asian caricature and filter effects.
It turns out that the filter is not only about the yellow face (yellowface), but that the yellow face is touched to a contemptuous extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that has crossed these cultural boundaries.
American culture seems to have an endless struggle of diversity and inclusion, from meeting halls in corporations to Holywood and the facilities we all carry in our hands.
And a huge number of young people on Snapchat - who are more racially diversified than their senior partners - may mean that even more sensitivity can be expected.
"When one Snapchat filter creates a picture that is offensive to any user," said 25-year-old Katie Zhu on Thursday in an interview, "it's just very hard to go unnoticed today like it was before."
Katie Zhu, a product manager and designer who works for Medium, decided to delete her account on Snapchat on Thursday and urged others to do the same.
In an article for Medium and in an interview on the phone, she said she believed the racially motivated problems reflected a lack of diversity in the recruitment of workers at Snapchat.
Katie Zhu criticized the overwhelmingly white, entirely male leadership of the company, and the article ended with a hash tag: # DeleteSnapchat.
"It's either that they have no diversity among employees and colored people at the moment when they make decisions about these things," said Zhu, who has a Chinese-American background, "or there are colored people working, but not in positions to feel safe or comfortable to speak."
Other observers share her view - a complaint that Snapchat left largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures relating to the diversity of its employees with the status of a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to talk about the racial origins of its employees, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruitment worker to focus on an under-represented population and internal management of inclusion.
Zhu adds: "I wonder if they really need other such users who can say it's not OK," with keeping their account cancelled.
Army officers have portrayed intelligence on IS, says parliamentary committee
The parliamentary committee said in a report issued on Thursday that officers from the United States Central Command were changing intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than they provided events from the country.
According to a preliminary report by a task force set up by the Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Sub-Committee, there was "widespread dissatisfaction" among central intelligence analysts, according to which their superiors measured their assessment of U.S. efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
The Central Command, known as CentCom, is an army central in Tampa, Florida, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
In a press release, the report said: "Intelligence briefings approved by Centcom's superior officers typically offered a more positive picture of US counterterrorism efforts than those confirmed by the facts on the ground, and were consistently more positive than the analyses obtained from other parts of the intelligence community."
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our fighters are harmed when a flawed analysis is presented to senior policy makers," said Ken Calvert, a congressman and Republican from California.
The failure in Centcom's leadership extends to the top of the organization.
The 10-page report detailed the ongoing problems of the central staff in describing and analyzing U.S. efforts in training the Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015.
While there is no decisive evidence that top Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be amended, the report said, analysts had the impression they were pressured by Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the dangers posed by Islamic State, or IS.
"In the first half of 2015, many press reports of central staff, statements and testimony from Congress were significantly more positive than what events actually were," the report says.
For example, a Centcom official said publicly that a major military attack to take over Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under Islamic State control.
"This is abundantly clear after months of investigation," Mike Pompeo, a Republican Party representative from Kansas, said in a statement.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the highest-ranking intelligence personnel of the US central staff were manipulated by the intelligence services of staff to downplay the danger of IS in Iraq.
Republicans set up a task force after they learned of analysts' concerns about intelligence services related to the Islamic State being manipulated.
Following the report published on Thursday, there must be more scrutiny following further investigation.
There is yet another investigation in the intelligence services of Centcom, led by the Defense Department's inspector general.
Democratic members of the Intelligence Committee published their own findings on Thursday, which matched some of the conclusions of the Republicans "working group.
"Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created a very narrow process for compiling assessments of information about IS and the Iraqi security forces," said Adam B. Schiff, chairman of the Committee and a representative of Democrats, in a statement.
In the words of Adam Schiff, the process "led to a reversal of intelligence output," damaging morale among analysts and "inadequately taking into account dissenting views."
However, Schiff and Democrats say they have found no evidence that the White House was attempting to pressure Centcom analysts to adjust their findings according to a "draft or political situation."
Preliminary results of the parliamentary inquiry were published in the Daily Beast on Tuesday.
Last August, the New York Times reported on an ongoing investigation by the Pentagon's inspector general, which was launched after complaints by Centcom analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the parliamentary report because the inspector general's investigation was still continuing.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of comprehensive data, and that the intelligence community and the Department of Defense welcome a healthy dialogue about these fundamental questions of national security."
The investigation has implications beyond the question of whether the US-led bombing in Iraq and Syria is successful (a statement now declared by a growing number of defense officials).
However, last year's accusations raised question marks about the extent to which President Obama can rely on the central staff to sincerely evaluate military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lybia and other crisis places.
Criticism of the news about the Islamic State has reflected conflicts for more than a decade, with Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker writing a research paper stating that President George W. Bush's administration - despite the objections of many analysts - defended a small unit in Iraq and devoted little time to thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Hooker also played a key role in opposition to Islamic State intelligence services.
Last year, authorities announced that Hooker's team had concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes conducted against the Islamic State's refineries did not significantly weaken the terrorist group's financial resources because the group had built temporary refineries and oil sold on the black market.
The Times reported in September that the findings, however, had not been passed outside the central staff.
Centcom's commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was then subjected to criticism the previous year after many lawmakers found the Senate's testimony too positive an assessment of the war.
General Austin resigned in April and was replaced by Gen. Joseph L. Votel in Centcom.
The US won ground hockey in the fourth game in a row, so today will be a crucial game in the Great Britain team
Katie Bama, in a game against Japan that ended with a 6-1 victory, shot a three-pointer and just a day later for the U.S. women's ground hockey team shot the first two gates of a game in which America beat India 3-0 on Thursday.
Five wickets in two games is a success worthy of remembering, but Bama (27) said she wasn't sure whether she ever did.
"I have no idea," she said.
I'm not one of those who write down their gates.
But this one knows: The American men in the Olympic tournament lead to the games 4-0 and share first place in the group with Great Britain remaining unbeaten on Thursday after Japan's 2-0 defeat.
Great Britain and the United States clash on Saturday in the final game of the first round.
Both teams qualified for the quarter-finals and the game will decide who from the group of six teams will finish on the first and who in second place.
The first-place team will take a little longer to avoid the strong Danish, who are at the top of the second group.
Whatever Saturday's game ends, the Americans have caused a stir here with their surprise ride, four years after they finished among the 12 teams at the Games in London.
Bama was in that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and took a field hockey stick for the first time when she was 3 years old (her older sister twins played at Drexel) and entered the national team when she was 16 and became his youngest player ever.
The 2008 Olympics missed her because she didn't make it to the final set.
Then came 2012, when neither she nor the members of her team did well.
Another year the coach was appointed by Englishman Craig Parnham and things started to change.
"Cultural change, mental change, physical change," Bama said.
In London, we didn't have the kind of work rate we have today.
We did a complete turnaround.
On Thursday night, Bama started in the first half with a shot of the Beard from close range.
India entered the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 up until the end of the third quarter when Bama took advantage of the opportunity.
She escaped down the left side of the playing field, then zipped through the middle and shot a ball into the goal to get the American women into a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez added the last goal midway through the fourth quarter.
The removal of the goalkeeper of the American, Jackie Briggs, who helped to one goal in each of the three victories, was the first ever in the tournament.
He's in great shape.
Just like Bama.
"We're in a good place now," Parnham said, but how good it is, that will depend on the outcome of Saturday's game.
Zen trampolines amid Olympic rampage
It doesn't matter where you are, it doesn't matter what time it is - it's the Olympics.
From the events in Rio de Janeiro, there is a sense of persistent, indescribable and biased rotation of competition and effort.
It is how the Olympic torch itself would be a hot relay peg that is handed over from a bowler swimmer, a gymnast and a triathlete.
You can't turn on a TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in a queue in a cafe without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the animosity between Michael Phelps and Chad le Close.
And then there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, the upcoming darling of women with dimples in their faces, is at the Olympics for the first time and could also be among those whose names sound in households in the main broadcast time between advertising and spoof sponsors if he was a swimmer, gymnast or even a fencer.
But Dooley (28) of Lake Forest, California, is fighting for Olympic gold in jumps on the trampoline.
The Olympic fire doesn't shine on all competitions anyway.
Farther from the center, a little in the shadows are sports that aren't universally recognized: Air gun shots, archery, badminton, taequondo.
We will always have success in the classic swimming style - and will probably rule for a long time.
But if I can name my extraordinary favourite, let me draw attention to the subtle charm of the trampoline.
While the jumps on the trampoline have been an Olympic sport since 2000, when they were first listed at the Sydney Games, after 16 years of intervention, the sport remains almost unnoticed - many of the people I interviewed didn't even know it was an Olympic sport.
It may be regional indifference.
The US never won a medal in jumps on the trampoline and, until 2012, none of the athletes made it to the finals.
Prices in the male category are typically shared between China and Russia and in the women's category between China and Canada.
This year, gold medals from London will be embraced by Dong Dong of China and Rosie MacLennan of Canada.
But the jumps on the trampoline have yet more bad luck, partly because the ear of the outsider will more likely be more suited to a clown university than the Olympics.
I must confess that I am not an expert, but only an enthusiast watching from the ground.
It has comic potential - the comic vibe of endless reflecting - but also the sweetness of gymnastics and diving, two sports that combine in it.
The word "trampoline" is derived from the Spanish "el trampoline," which means "jumper board."
The aspiring champions jump on a huge trampoline that fires them up to a height of up to nearly 10 metres and showcases the reports with a few elements (salta, vruts and combinations) before finally landing on their feet again.
According to the official Olympic program, they are rated by execution, difficulty and "time in the air."
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete in Rio.
The usual trajectory of the Olympic track is ahead.
Gold medal fighters need to go further, faster and higher, sometimes to the end, sometimes back and forth, up and down.
They are trying to catch up with not just the finish line or the starting wall, but, as the TV news reports, also another imaginary line: World or Olympic record.
This unanimous endeavor is nobler, admirable, a bit fanatical - and sufficient to bring viewers to tears.
But I think it's also a bit exhausting when you watch the Olympics.
The jumps on the trampoline in this regard provide relief.
The track of the athlete on the trampoline is upwards.
The point is not to move forward.
He or she reflects as if they were in weightlessness as astronauts, flying up, then down, and then again effortlessly up.
There is no contest and, of course, no difficulty, but for the duration of the report there is no ferocious struggle to achieve a goal, no measuring distance, but only a perfect, graceful suspension of time and gravity.
This is only the closest the Olympics and zen will approach.
Qualifying and the women's final takes place on Friday afternoon, at 1pm Eastern time, the men's competition then on Saturday at the same time.
NBC will broadcast the finale as part of the afternoon block, which begins after both days at 14.
Amid the Olympic madness, they promise a calm, enjoyable moment that you will probably overlook through the other struggles.
And if the attention is to be achieved only as male athletes will be the subject of love looks and materiality - as the Wall Street Journal recently suggested USA Gymnastics - then Logan Dooley is merely waiting for his new fans to gasp.
The 'protesting generation' in Ethiopia, a longtime US ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Protesters demanding political changes in Ethiopia have encountered violent opposition from the government.
Witnesses say many protesters were shot during clashes with police.
Is there a war in Ethiopia?
In the past decade, it has been one of the most stable nations in Africa, a solid Western alliance with a fast-growing economy.
But over the past few months, the country has been gripped by anti-government unrest spreading into more and more areas.
In the last week alone, thousands of people have taken to the streets demanding major policy changes.
According to human rights organizations, the government's response has been merciless.
Witnesses say officers shot and killed crowds of unarmed protesters.
On the circulating videos of the protests, which come probably from the end of last year or the beginning of this year, security forces are captured punching young people with sticks after they were forced to stand by a wall on their hands.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights is now calling for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and taking a step forward will be even harder," said Rashid Abdi, head of the Horn of Africa project for the research group International Crisis Group.
Ethiopia is the second most populous nation in Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
The US military and intelligence services are working closely with Ethiopians to eliminate the danger of a terrorist attack in the area, especially in Somalia, and few African countries, if any, receive such assistance from the West.
Ethiopia's economy has evolved at an impressive pace.
Its infrastructure has fundamentally improved - there is even a new suburban train in the capital Addis Ababa.
And the streets of the city are typically calm, safe and clean.
But Ethiopia can hardly be described as a model of democracy - an organization fighting for human rights incessantly speaks of government repression - the opposition in the country has been suppressed, dissidents effectively silenced.
Many have been denounced, imprisoned, killed or driven far into the desert.
But that could change.
"When you are choking people and they have no choice but to protest, there will be a breach," said Seyoum Teshome, who lectures at the University of central Ethiopia.
All young people are protesting.
He's been protesting for generations.
The complaints are many and relate to everything from disputes to land to absolute control of the power of the ruling coalition.
After last year's election, which was widely criticized, the ruling party and its allies won the last seat held by the opposition and now controls 100 percent in parliament.
At the same time, pressure is mounting on the border with Eritrea.
Anylitici is concerned that separatist groups that have been more or less suppressed over the past years, such as the Orora Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to exploit the confusion and rearm themselves.
There are several factors that explain why now, after years of simmering beneath the surface, these bitter feelings have flared up again.
The first is seemingly harmless: Smart phones.
Many Ethiopians can communicate through social networks until the last few years, when cheaper smart phones have become commonly available and the provision of internet services has improved.
And even if the government disables access to Facebook or Twitter, as it normally does especially during protests, many people can still communicate through internet proxies that hide the location of these people.
Several young Ethiopians spoke about how they were gathering for protests.
Further, there is greater solidarity between Oroma and Amhary, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
The Oroms and Amhara are not natural allies.
For a long time, Amhara, mostly from the Christian highlands of Ethiopia, excelled in politics and trade and used Oroma, many of whom are Muslims and live in the lowlands.
But that's changing, too.
"We are on the path to a unified leadership," said Mulatu Gemechu, the Oromo leader.
The largest protests occurred in areas occupied by Amhary and Oroma.
Many Amhara and Oroms believe that Ethiopia is wrongly dominated by members of the Tigraya ethnicity, which makes up about 6 percent of the population and controls the military, intelligence, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Melese Zenawie.
Zenawi, an earlier rebel leader, was an Ethiopian prime minister for 17 years until his death in 2012, when he succumbed to an undisclosed illness.
He was considered a tactical genius, for a man who could see around the corner.
Analysts say he was particularly mistreated to detect initial signals of discontent and used envoys to process the opponents and get his side.
"The current regime lacks basic knowledge," said Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was pulled out of relative obscurity to replace Zenawii.
Unlike Zenawie, who came from the Tigraan region of northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he has no confidence in the security services controlled by the Tigreans.
Many fear the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such unrest was in 2005 after thousands of people protested what analysts called an election that the government screwed up and then stole.
A crackdown followed, during which many protesters were killed - though less than in the past few months - and this period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
Development experts have praised Ethiopia's leaders for visionary infrastructure planning, such as a new suburban train and measurable progress in fighting poverty.
However, it is quite clear that the gradual growing of disputes within the Ethiopian government has not stopped this.
And there is a dangerous ethnic formation.
Last month, protesters in the Amhara city of Gondar were attacked by trade firms owned by Tigreans, and resentment against Tigreans on social networks became increasingly common.
Analysts say the protests put the US and other Western allies in an awkward position.
The U.S. government is using Ethiopia as a base to fly drones over neighboring Somalia, though it recently said the base was closed.
While the West wants to unequivocally support democracy, it does not want its ally to fall apart in an already volatile area.
"That," Abdi said, "is a very sharp edge."
Donald Trump explains his statement on Obama and IS funding as "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump on Friday tried to downplay the latest controversy that is flooding his campaign, saying he didn't mean it when he insisted several times this week that Presidents Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the Islamic State terrorist group.
The explanation raised new questions about the Republican presidential nominee's ability to speak clearly with the American public.
He also puts in an awkward situation for his supporters, who have defended him strenuously in a tumultuous time and must explain that he may not have meant his remarks.
After that proposal at a meeting on Wednesday night, Trump confirmed the statement on Thursday and insisted in interviews that he really had no intention of saying that the president and H. Clinton had created IS.
However, in a post on Twitter on Friday morning, Trump said he was merely being sarcastic.
The contribution was a repeat of the claim of the old just one day, when Trump said in several interviews that he was serious about his accusations.
When conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump's remark alleviate the reminder that Obama was seeking to destroy IS, the Republican nominee did not respond to the president.
The latest storm comes as Trump has attempted to focus his campaign's focus on the economy, while his preference in polls is falling.
Trump and Clinton participated in the Michigan dugout on economic issues this week.
On Friday, Trump tried to return to the issue again.
On Twitter, he again warned that Clinton's proposals were linked to tax increases, and said that, according to him, her speech was boring.
Trump has used the defense of sarcasm before.
At the end of July, when he drew a wave of criticism when he came out with a suggestion that the Russians should penetrate Clinton's emails, he later explained his remark by saying, "I'm being sarcastic, of course."
This approach allows Trump to push the boundaries of political statements and moderate them as needed.
"I think it's his way of testing the extent to which some of the messages have resonated with his supporters to see how they respond, and according to the reaction, one way or the other," he gave an explanation, "said Ruth Sherman, a communications specialist who followed the language the two candidates used.
But I also think he is skilful in his statements and knows that they are vague enough to explain them in different ways.
Because the results of the polls continue to fall in his favor, Trump has taken an even more mocking tone in recent days, instead of making things moderate for general voters.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist poll released Friday showed that the tump is with great distance behind Clinton in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado, and very closely behind her in Florida.
Trump at all attempts to avoid apologizing for the provocative statements he says, but he often accuses his critics of misinterpreting his words or misunderstanding his sense of humor.
But along with how Trump is facing increased attention in the final months of the presidential campaign, Trump's jokes put him in the awkward position of his devoted supporters, who must stand behind him publicly, however provocative his remarks are.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City who is one of Trump's most prominent supporters, had to defend the candidate Thursday in an interview with CNN.
"I think what he's saying is a legitimate political comment," said Giuliani, when asked about the credibility of Trump's claim that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic State.
This is true in the sense that, before Obama, IS was almost an unknown, a small organization that he completely erroneously called a novice, and it happened because he withdrew his troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are attempting to argue that the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as secretary of state, allowed IS to be booed and failed to aggressively manage the situation in the Middle East.
Ahead of Friday's rallies in Pennsylvania, Trump continued to brush fire on the media around him for pondering each of his words and being biased against him.
He laughed off "poor, pathetic" television pundits attempting to understand it, saying: "They can't!"
Several Democrats scoffed at Trump's apology, saying it was just more evidence that he was unfit for the presidency.
The cafe has been pushed out of the market.
The verb Cafe was a shabby place in Williamsburg where you could only pay cash, no Wi-Fi, but where coffee had been served for 15 years.
Naturally, she was pushed out of the front of the house on Bedford Avenue.
SOAP Cherie - the store that replaced the verb in the summer of 2014 - sells soaps in the shape of cupcakes.
Locals mourned it as the last loss of a growing city.
Artist Molly Crabapplet wrote on Twitter: "New York is a change, I know, but I still can't believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea hotel plundered and the verb is now a store of soap."
But if New York is a change, then it's also a reinvention.
The resurrected verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original site.
The new verb has wifi and accepts payment cards, but some of the original employees work there and there is a similar, modest atmosphere.
Coffee, too, is still good.
The manager of the new Verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the original cafe, who is also the owner and executive director of the new venue.
He started in the verb in 2001 and stayed until the end.
When one of the customers offered to pay for the move to a new location, he said he would do it with pleasure.
Rodriguez (36) kept a lot of things the way they were.
Verb still has the same baking supplier and bought the same model of the espresso machine.
He even reused the lighting from the old Verb.
But Rodriguez said he also wanted to try something new.
He started using new ingredients.
The menu includes sandwiches with ham, egg and cheese and toppings such as capers and fried onions.
You'll also find bowls of brown rice.
The cafe is no longer serving beer, but offering you fresh fruit juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez noticed a steady influx of original regulars.
"Many of the original customers from Williamsburg also had to be evicted because of the prices," he said.
Last Sunday, there was one such customer, Rebecca Oliveira.
Ms. Oliveira (34) lived in Williamsburg and went to the verb Cafe often.
She arrived even then when the cafe moved to Greenpoint.
She said that when the verb closed, she had completely stopped drinking coffee for a while.
"I've learned that what I like is coffee and culture in Verb," she said.
She now drinks coffee again, but on that day, instead of her usual iced coffee, she gave a stirring chai, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime customer, has been going to the Verb since 2003.
He goes before work and orders always the same.
"At quarter and eight here every day, like clockwork, I come and they prepare my bun with everything and butter for me," he said.
Photo: Rodriguez said he wanted to try something new and add new ingredients to the menu.
Mr. Rosenthal continues to order what he usually does, but sometimes he gets to put bacon, eggs and ham on his bun with everything.
Rodriguez said he wasn't sorry that the soap business had taken his old place.
The truth is, Soap Cherie's owners offered to make a special soap for the verb and, as an ingredient, use filtered coffee from the cafe.
"I think we could still use it," Rodriguez said.
Also, the traditional Polish residents of the Greenpoint cafe have embraced well.
One of the new customers translated the offer into Polish, and Rodriguez said he wanted to find a place to expose it soon to make his new neighbors feel at home.
The new place has other advantages.
A local fruit juice maker wants to flock to bottles and sell filtered coffee.
It offers the possibility for the cafe to spread to a neighbouring building.
Many customers are enough to win back their old favourite.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and when the cafe closed, he said it broke his heart.
Mr Whitt says that when the cafe opened again, to come in and have a coffee was like coming home.
"I missed the smell," he said.
Depressing food from a time of crisis - in "Square Meal"
Shortly after joining the president's office in March 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat in the Oval Office and had lunch.
Gourmet President Roosevelt poked fun at the chosen dishes of 5th Avenue, such as the pastries of goose-eating and maryland turtle soup.
But his menu on this day was more modest: Eggs on a diabolical way in tomato sauce, potato puree and as a dessert plum pudding.
"It was an act of cooking solidarity with the people who suffered," Jane Ziegelman said.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added: "It was also a message to Americans how to eat."
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are engaged in gastronomic history.
Andrew Coe's latest book "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Jane in her book "97 Orchard" tells the life story of a residential home on the Lower East Side through food.
Their new joint work, "A Square Meal," published by Harper on Tuesday, is a history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They themselves showed cooking solidarity and met with a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's sandwich shop, a small tree buffet in the Flatiron district that has been in operation since the crisis, since 1929.
Jane (54) ordered cream cheese and a sandwich with sesame olives, Andrew (57) had a turkey, mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables.
A reporter ordered a meat meatball which, according to the couple, was excellent for talking about food during the crisis.
"Meatballs were very popular," Ms. Ziegelman said.
He was selling peanut, liver and bean meatballs.
They were made from that ingredient and other cheap foods that set the ingredients.
Imagine the amount of peanuts you'd have to eat for dinner.
Andrew Coe grinned.
"They would lie in your stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the crisis, American cuisine, especially in rural areas, served as a buffet to eat what you eat.
Teams of women cooked for farm workers, and a freshly baked pie was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War. "And Square Meal" tracks the ways the nation has come to terms with the fact that it was suddenly not a land of abundance.
"It was a time when food became central, a dreaded point for the American people," Coe said, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
Equally feared was the new budget diet: It spread mysterious food, like meatballs and food from castes, capers as "an amazing way to use leftovers," Ziegelman noted, because chefs could hide non-aesthetic ingredients under a layer of creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit has been replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
Meat - for years the focal point of American food - has become an austerity-allocated luxury.
The odd shifts, which were meant to serve as calorie and nutritional fill, had priority over taste or even common sense in cooking.
During surveys for a book that contains recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a good meal of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
"It wasn't a popular addition to the dinner table," Andrew Coe said.
Jane Ziegelman stressed: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter with roasted onions doesn't come together.
It was typical of a lot of home recipes.
As never before and never after, domestic economists - among them Louise Stanley, the head of the federal office for the domestic economy between 1923 and 1943 - ran the country's eating habits.
They published recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, calling on women to take the reins of the budget, and sheds such as cream spaghetti and carrots were transformed into tasty food.
The book "A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical delicacies.
In particular, the desserts originated in the government's response to its hungry citizens, like the pose of President Herbert Hoover's "I'll have a pie."
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farm kitchen of his childhood, he was dining as the chosen millionaire he had become.
"He liked to eat continental cuisine, such as fish with cucumber sauce," Andrew Coe said.
He ate in an almost gilded room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was incredibly old-fashioned.
President Roosevelt would probably have made the same mistake if his wife Eleanor hadn't allowed him to set an example on his own stomach.
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who was not interested in the taste.
Many of the dining habits of the crisis subsided as soon as the country got back on its feet.
The legacy has remained in our constant exploration of calories and nutritional values, Ms. Ziegelman says, and in the way science is applied to cooking.
A few say that while writing the book, they better understand the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother - perhaps why she couldn't throw out the food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," Andrew Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled: "People were sick of her."
There was an accident with the wrecks.
When there were clean tables at Eisenberg, she and Mr. Coe pulled out the dessert they prepared at home: The plum dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It's called plum cream," Ziegelman said, adding that the usual trick was to give modest recipes elegant names.
There was no cream, just plums, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Each reluctantly buried a spoon into the thick brown matter.
Surprisingly, it was wrong.
Andrew Coe added, and then again.
And, like a proper treasurer, he said to his wife, "I could use a little bit of chopped hair."
Europeans: Migrants go for benefits.
Most of the refugees who roll into Europe come for economic reasons.
Young Russians make fun of themselves.
That's what a show would look like if we did it.
A group of Russian artists who call themselves 2D Among Us are making fun of their home country.
Using photoshop, it creates collages that jokingly show what it would look like if famous shows and movies were filmed in Russia.
Gilead is entitled to pay cargo to legal representation in case of hepatitis C patent case against Merck
A District Court judge has ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to reimbursement of fees for lawyers it incurred in the trial over the hepatitis C patent against drugmaker Merck & Co Inc.
In June, a judgment was overturned that Gilead was ordered to pay $200 million in damages due to a violation of Merck's two patents in connection with the very successful drugs of Gilead, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a federal judge found repeatedly illegal conduct on the part of Merck, in addition to another lie under oath and other unethical practices.
Federal Judge Beth Labson Freeman said in a filing Thursday that Gilead is entitled to pardon fees incurred in connection with representation in the case.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the new-generation drug market against hepatitis C, which can cure more than 90 percent of patients with this liver disease.
The case comes from 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and claimed to be the owner of basic laboratory research for sofosbuvir, an active ingredient of drugs from Gilead.
The US-backed military forces say they have gained full control of the city of Manbij
Us-backed military forces have gained full control of the northern city of Manbij near the border with Turkey after the last Islamic State fighters fled the city, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) is now combing the city after the departure of the rest of the group of militants who have been hiding in the city.
The forces freed over 2,000 civilians held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF alliance and the Manbij military council told Reuters.
"The city is now fully under our control, but we are still searching it," he told Reuters.
The Clintons earned $10.75 million in 2015 and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns stating that the presidential nominee for the Democrats and her husband had revenue of $10.75 million in that year and took a real tax of 34.2 percent.
In 2015, the Clintons gave $1 million to charity, largely to the Clinton Foundation (Clinton Foundation). Ex-President Bill Clinton contributed nearly $5.3 million to the joint casino for lectures, and the earlier secretary of state admitted revenue of $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for his book on his tenure at the State Department.
Clinton's co-candidate, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of the state of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, published their tax returns in 10 years.
They paid an actual tax of 20.3 per cent in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to be a model of financial transparency," Jennifer Palmieri, who helped Clinton with the campaign, said in a statement.
Against this, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and retreating from his earlier promises to publish his tax returns.
It is customary for candidates for president of the United States to publish their tax returns, even if the law does not impose them.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers cited an audit of the tax department of the U.S. Treasury Department as a reason for his refusal to release the tax returns.
"Your move," Hillary Clinton's campaign aide said on Twitter, citing the Democratic nominee's tax returns.
Michael Cohen, a special Trump adviser, told CNN on Thursday that he would not allow Trump to release the tax returns until the audits were completed.
According to Trump's critics, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and other members of the Republican party agree that his refusal raises questions about his net profit, charity contributions, business transactions and various other relationships, including relations with Russia.
Clinton is strongly on the issue and released a video on Friday in which she recalls how high-profile Republicans are urging Trump to release his tax returns.
On Thursday, mention the question in his speech on economic issues in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what all the other candidates for the presidency have done for decades - publish his tax returns," she said in front of people.
Politico reported that Trump paid no or very low taxes in the last two years of the 1990s, and a New York Times columnist cited a number of tax advisers and accountants who say this may be the case at present.
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the president-elect.
Clinton is pushing a rule named after billionaire Warren Bufett that would ensure that all those who earn more than $1 million in a year will pay a tax of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supports the proposal.
Last week, Buffet at a Clinton rally in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway is based, called on Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffett said he also went through an IRS audit and that Trump is "not afraid" of the IRS, but voters.
The Clinton campaign published tax returns retroactively until 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua in upstate New York, paid federal tax on average between 2007 and 2014 at a rate of 32 percent and a combined tax of approximately 40.5 percent.
Clinton's 2015 tax returns show that, unlike most Americans, they make just $100 in their income.
Their main investment was a low-cost mutual index fund, from which the Clintons put their income on dividends and interest rates of $109.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh, Editing by Jonathan Oatis
Condoms filled with chilli or fireworks to protect elephants in Tanzania
Environmentalists in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to prevent elephants from walking into human dwellings - throwing condoms filled with chilli powder.
This practice has worked, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which came up with the idea several years ago, together with the American environmental organization The Nature Conservancy, is promoting this procedure and training volunteers in villages in the north of Tanzania, using this non-violent procedure in four steps to protect their homes and crops without harming animals.
Many of them had used spears in their defense.
Friday is a world day of elephants dedicated to protecting these animals.
"Since they've developed this... set of tools, we've seen a change in behavior in these communities. People are much more confident that they can keep elephants out of their fields without hurting them," Honeyguide Foundation executive director Damian Bell said in a statement.
The first and second steps are to shine a flashlight on the passing elephant and launch the horn.
If that doesn't deter him, there will be an ejection of the so-called "chilli cloud."
The chilli powder, mixed with salt, is wrapped in a condom with the petard, the end of which is knotted so that only the wick can be seen.
After the launch, the condom explodes and a fine chilli powder is sprayed into the air.
Usually it takes one whiff and the elephant goes in a different direction.
The last option is to launch a fireworks display that will cause a loud, clear explosion.
Jewish director pushed back at Berlin hotel for removing code for call to Israel to "request" Arabs - RT News
A French film director of Jewish origin has caused a stir in the media after discovering that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not have a code for calling to Israel, in the words of an employee based on the "demand" of Arab clients.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of a documentary about the Holocaust "Shoah," ventilated his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin in an open letter to the German newspaper Faz.
During his recent stay, Lanzmann was attempting to find Israel in a list of codes for calls in a hotel.
The state, however, was not listed among the countries to which it is possible to call directly from the room.
How is it possible that in 2016, in Berlin, the capital of Germany, Israel was removed and deleted?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol hotel offers the possibility of a call to Israel via its own call centre.
The director sought an explanation and addressed the problem at the hotel's reception.
The answer he got, Lanzmann, in his words, was "shocking."
The hotel worker replied that the measure had been "decided at the discretion of Kempinski Hotels management."
The reason for the move made the director even more incensed.
"Most of our guests are Arabs and they have demanded that Israel's call code be erased," Lanzmann quoted the employee as saying in his letter.
According to Suddeutsche Zeitung, the ambassador of Israel in Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman described the case as "a great disgrace."
We were horrified and shocked by the events.
In itself, it is a huge embarrassment.
The fact that this has occurred in Germany and in such a hotel chain is even more of a shame.
There is no need for further explanation.
We expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions, "he said.
The event sparked a strong reaction online, with people calling it scandalous.
Some believe the Kempinski Hotel was simply "lost" in the demands of Arab customers.
"Shame on you," it says in another contribution, which points out that the hotel, located in the nocturnal street of Kurfurstendamm, stands near the synagogue.
According to Spiegel, the hotel itself quickly dismissed any allegations by calling the event an "oversight" and Lanzman "apologized."
"There has never been a direct order" not to include Israel in the list of codes for calls, the Suddeutsche Zeitung quotes a representative of the Kempinski Hotel.
It adds that the call code has been added to the list.
Police used tear gas and rubber projectiles against protesting Brazilian students
A clash of students and police took place in Brazil's San Paulo on Thursday as students gathered for a demonstration against government reforms in the public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber projectiles against the protesters.
The problem escalated when government riot services tried to disperse the students, which ended with police using rubber projectiles and tear gas.
Several hundred students attended the demonstration to express their concerns about the plans.
Among the proposals by San Paulo governor Gerald Alckmin to save money is also the closure of nearly a hundred public schools and the relocation of 300,000 students.
Some of the participants in the demonstration could be seen spraying signs on the wall against temporary President Michel Temer.
The latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets in support of deposed President Dilma Rousseff as the country's Senate ruled on her impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran up 71% - RT Business
According to Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryana increased trade turnover by 70.9 percent in the year after the lifting of sanctions between Moscow and Tehran.
As the ambassador said, since international sanctions against Iran were lifted, there has been a surge in interest from Russian companies trading in the country.
Russian companies are renewing existing ties with Iran, while new companies are ready to enter the market.
Further expansion of trade is, of course, one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "Dzhagaryan said.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016, trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared with the same period in 2015 and reached $856 million.
Specifically, Russia's exports to Iran jumped 91.5 percent and reached $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
The jump in trade has ensured the supply of machinery, ground vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan also expects Russia to visit a record number of tourists from Iran this year.
Over the past year, Russia's diplomatic mission in Iran has issued around 35,000 visas to the citizens of Iran, mostly travel.
In addition, Iran first got among the top 20 countries by the number of tourists arriving in Russia.
It is safe to say that record numbers of tourists from Iran in Russia last year will be overcome, "he said.
At the same time, Iran is visiting a relatively small number of Russians.
"I can personally recommend a visit to the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where they are in good condition the dogged sights of ancient Persian civilization," he said.
Scotsman Callum Skinner rush home after Britons win gold in cycling
Callum Skinner of Scotland entered the Hall of Fame last night in the men's team sprint at the velodrome in Rio when the trio of the VB team defended the title from London 2012.
The 23-year-old native of Glasgow was in the role of the brake he took for his Scot Sir Chris Hoy, and the youngster delighted the legend as he rushed to goal and stole the victory from the hands of favoured New Zealand.
Britain surprisingly won four years ago and Hoy won the fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the same trick after finishing a modest sixth at the world championships in runway cycling in March, though Hoy, meanwhile, ended his career.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement for specialist opening racer Jamie Staff.
So Hindes appeared just in time.
There was also a vacancy after the departure of Hoye, who tried to fill in for Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton.
Skinner was a man of British trainers and the search for potential has now been confirmed.
Kenny Hindes - who was together with the Hoy champion four years ago - and Skinner achieved an Olympic record in qualifying, but the jersey took over New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won gold in the team sprint.
Hindes was slightly behind after his round, but Kenny pushed the team forward and Skinner kept the lead.
The change in strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a higher transfer to slow down and allowing Kenny and, in part, Skinner to keep up the pace.
Hoy watched the race from his position as a BBC commentator and when Skinner, Kenny and Hindes stepped onto the stage, he didn't take his eyes off them.
The 23-year-old Skinner, a native of Glasgow, said: "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm here to get the best out of myself and honor my name.
We created an Olympic record in the final and we beat the best.
It was just incredible.
There is no better way to win this.
After triumphing alongside Kenny and Hoye in London in 2012, Hindes admitted he deliberately fell onto the runway after a weak start.
The remark was later withdrawn and rivals Britain had no option to appeal.
This time around this victory, there was no such problem.
Hindes said: "With all the British flags in the stands, I felt like I was in London."
In the last three months, we've all come together as a team.
We've lost in many world races, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
It is one event, one gold medal for a nation that has won seven out of 10 competitions in Beijing and London.
If this is to be an indicator of progress over the past five months, then there will be a successful five days for us at the velodrome.
With the form Kenny has shown, it is not unthinkable that he would repeat Hoy's success and win three gold medals at one Olympics at the same time.
That would then, for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, also have a birthday on March 23 (this date appears to be sacred for British sport, on this day celebrating his birthday as well as Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - meant a total of six golds and one silver medal.
As much as Hoy got.
Next, Kenny will participate in the sprint, which begins today and will last another three days.
The 28-year-old, from Bolton, said: "I'm now enjoying this one.
The team race is always the best.
You're winning with the others.
To tell you the truth, winning for yourself is a little lonely.
Hindes said: "If he wins the next two gold medals, he should be given a knighthood."
That was the only medal race that day, but Britain was waiting for more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified as the fastest in the squad pursuit race for four kilometres.
They finished with a time of 3: 51.943.
The world record, which fell in London in 2012, is 3: 51.659.
The first round and final (22: 42) take place on today's second day of the race, which will surely be targeted by Wiggins.
Yesterday, before the qualifying race, he was debating with the commissioners when the referee called for a measure of height.
In a similar race for women, which continues and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shando, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie set a world record with a time of 4: 13.260.
The VB team has relied on its strong track cycling team and dominated the mid-season Olympic Games and won plenty of medals.
After truly exceptional performances, showing sheer superiority in Beijing and London, expectations were reduced during preparations for Rio.
Dramatic events unfolded against the backdrop, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April over allegations of sexism and discrimination, and ending the careers of greats such as Hoy or Victoria Pendleton.
However, as evidenced by the first night of the race at the velodrome, it seems that the legendary reputation that the Great Britain team can deliver with perfect timing could be reconfirmed.
Uncertain future of melting pot in Portland after end of energy supply contract
The future of Portland's aluminium smelter in Victoria - and the jobs of hundreds of workers - is uncertain because of the electricity supply plant, which has informed the intention of one of the owners of the smelter to terminate the electricity supply contract.
The move comes after the Victoria government earlier this year decided not to extend the provision of subsidies that keep the business going.
The fixed 20-year grant expires in November.
In Alcoa Portland, up to 2,000 jobs may be at risk.
Up to 2,000 jobs - direct or indirect - may be at risk when closed.
And because the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of the total electricity generated in Victoria, there may be further avalanche impacts.
Alcoa closed the Point Henry plant in 2014, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
The Alcoa plant in Portland is outlawed and is in danger of being shut down.
The move follows years of speculation about the future of the business, initially in response to the strong Australian dollar and recently due to prices for the production of the plant.
AGL, which has a large smelter of aluminium supplying electricity from the Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expected some of the other three owners to also decide to terminate the contract.
The majority owner of the plant is a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, small business shares held by Chinese company CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp.
"AGL expects the Portland plant to continue to operate, in other words, that the sound demand for electricity from the smelter will continue," she said.
AGL said the contracts were so-called "reinsurance contracts" which were due to come into force from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period, so their validity will actually expire in 2017.
"AGL continues to assume that contracts will participate in profits for fiscal 2017," the plant said.
Any potential impact on AGL's profits from fiscal year 2018 onwards is currently limited due to the commodity market's strong outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts according to its accounting books of $187 million "in case the termination occurred."
Alcoa said the decision to terminate the contract "does not affect its... ability to operate the smelter or secure the supply of electricity to the smelter."
The US company said it had signed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to start from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has backed away from the contract.
Analysts are very cautious about the possible closure of the Portland smelter in Victoria as well as the Tomago plant near Newcastle as a result of a weak economy in the sector.
AGL chief executive Stehpen Mikkelsen, who turned to analysts at the start of this week, said Portland was consuming about 600 megawatts of electricity annually and Tomago about 900 megawatts.
If both of these businesses were withdrawn from the market, it would mean a substantial reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.
It wouldn't be good for us as a manufacturer, "he said.
Kendall is not only the star of the Kardashians' reality TV show - she's now the cover of September's Vogue
Kendall Jenner (20), a model and fourth daughter of mother-manager clan Kris Kardashian-Jenner, appeared on the front page of the September issue of American Vogue magazine.
Kendall, the embassy brand Estee Lauder, who performed at the Fashion Week in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news Thursday on her Instagram account.
"In a room full of people I love, I want to cry at the sight of this front page," Kendall wrote.
The revelation of the front page was followed by a bizarre (or simply a sequel to the Kardashians?) staged video in which the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (bar rioters Rob and Caitly and, along with them, everyone's favorite uncle from showbiz, producer Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest) had forgotten the cover of their sister, only for the scene to end in a classic twist: They prepare a secret party.
It's a bygone story line of almost every "birthday" part of a children's TV show (Seacrest prods: "Did you think we forgot about you?" With the sincerity of a cartoon rabbit on the show at eight in the morning), but Kris somehow needed to make sure other girls could feed on this publicity.
Because if we look at the September issue of Vogue, we've definitely entered a new era of the Kardashians.
Older sister Kim may have pushed Kendall on the cover of Vogue (she was on it together with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the headline of the magazine's September issue is a different league.
The September issue of Vogue is the best-selling number of the year.
The release, which its thickness resembles more of a book for advertising purposes than a fashion magazine, attracts a whole host of advertisers (Fashionista counted that of 832 pages in last year's edition was 615 pages with advertising content).
The revelation of the star appearing on the front page is eagerly awaited, so it's no surprise that in the past two years the magazine's pictures have been leaked before its official publication.
Women who have appeared on the cover in the past include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evandelista or Kate Moss.
In the past few years, there have certainly been more "celebrities who do models" than "models who are celebrities."
Jennifer Lawrence, an Oscar winner and ambassador of the brand Dior, made headlines in 2013, a year later she had the honor of lagy Gaga.
But while it's highly unlikely that Kendall - whom the magazine describes as the "breakthrough model" of her generation - will fall into the first category, she will be in very good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of well-known people, or stars of real estate shows, or children of today who know how to make a well-edited video (even if Jenner represents all of this).
They are demonstrably talented women who excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyoncé, who appeared on the front page last year, had one of the strongest years in her career thanks to the release of the album Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is excited about the success of Jenner.
Her position in the world of fashion will always be difficult because of her involvement in the reality show.
Stephanie Seymour, the original Victoria's Secret model in June, criticised Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid and called them "whores of the moment."
Those feelings flared again with the news that Jenner would appear on the cover of Vogue.
But this dissatisfaction is misplaced.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of September Vogue.
She's a supermodel in the true sense of the word.
He's performing for Mark Jacobs.
She's selling you makeup from Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their own paywalls.
She sells photos of her daughter Cindy Crawford, who she photographed for LOVE magazine.
And in free moments, she works on a reality show, perhaps only as one way to see Kourtney and her children.
Community legal aid centres reject 160,000 people a year
More than 160,000 of the most at-risk citizens are rejected every year in the community centres of legal aid, and in the sector itself they are gearing up for impacts that will have further funding constraints on already super-busy services.
In Queensland three out of five people - mostly people of advanced age, immigrants, threat workers, victims of violence and people with no funding to fight unfair evictions and the like - are rejected at a time when they are seeking free legal aid and representation.
Community legal services, already strained to crack, are gearing up for further cuts.
From June next year, these legal aid centers will lose an additional 30 percent of federal funding.
The director of community centres of legal aid in Queensland, James Farrell, said that, according to the latest summary report by the National Association of Community Legal Aid Centres, five thousand people were found to be rejected each year.
Mr Farrell said that without lifting the federal government's decision, the situation would worsen.
"Community centres of legal aid in Queensland are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are being refused the vital services they need," he said.
People who have escaped from relationships with rapists, people with excessive and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly dismissed - all these people have legal dimensions problems and this report shows they have no chance of getting the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which will lead to more thousands of vulnerable people from Queensland having to navigate complex legal problems without help.
We call on the DA and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately prevent this shortening of funding to get people the help they need when they get into legal trouble.
In the past year, the state government has dogged its commitment to secure funding for legal aid up to the national average.
Now is the time to look at the needs of community centres of legal aid and the community of their clients, and the Palaszczuk government needs to invest in this important work.
Action on Donald Trump's campaign after member of staff allegedly pointed a gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been filed for alleged inaction after they were told that a director of operations in North Carolina in February pointed a gun at a member of staff while driving a Jeep.
The incident was described in a court filing filed Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software education campaigner in the state.
Bordini said he had waited months for the situation to be resolved internally before concluding that "it will not happen."
Principal Earl Phillip "indicated his fingers with a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger and pointed the barrel of Vincent on the kneecap," Bordini said in the lawsuit.
The file states that Bordini, after a complaint with the local and regional leadership of the campaign, found that at least four other people had experienced the same thing with Phillip.
"Guns don't have to fire to cause harm," Bordini said in the lawsuit.
The lawsuit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused upheaval when voters in North Carolina said they could step in by owners and gun holders (which is regulated in the U.S. in the Second Amendment) if his rival Hillary Clinton is elected and will be able to appoint his judges.
Trump's campaign says the media has taken his words out of context and that Trump has not defended the violence.
In the lawsuit, Bordini seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent oversight and from Phillip for endangering personal safety, unlawful use of violence and causing emotional harm.
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Attempts to get comments from Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news affiliate in the city of Charlotte, reported that Phillip had left the campaign before.
A call to his consulting company Innovative Consulting Services no one responded within a short period of time.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is running a controversial election campaign.
Case Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain must spread the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also be a source of renewal and prosperity not just for our local communities and across London, but across the country.
For me, Heathrow is a huge way of appealing, just as London 2012 was when we developed an extraordinary effort to ensure that all our nations and regions can benefit from the Olympic Games.
The Olympic Games meant huge benefits for both Startford and the East End.
And we will do it again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses near Heathrow.
Only for our local communities will we create 10,000 new teaching places, 40,000 new jobs and end youth unemployment in the vicinity of the airport.
As before the London Olympics in 2012, there will also be those who think Heathrow expansion is too big.
I was told that Britain would never be ready for the Olympic Games and that we would be ridiculed on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012, and even in the case of Heathrow, it turns out they were wrong.
It will always be necessary to overcome obstacles, but Heathrow can answer every question that concerns it.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project involving many people and companies, not just a few.
The expansion is an opportunity to create 180,000 new jobs, economic growth of £211 billion, to leave a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has introduced an £11 billion infrastructure investment programme in term and budget, starting with the T5 terminal - which was voted the best terminal in the world for five years, after the T2 terminal, which was built between two of the world's busiest rankings.
They are now ready to deliver a third runway, worth £16bn of private investment.
The Games in London in 2012 were a huge success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be it too.
It is time we continued to spread the spirit of the Olympic Games and expand Heathrow, secure trading in the future and leave a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the board of directors and an earlier undersecretary for the Treasury's business affairs.
Adblock Plus - Facebook in a game of cat and mouse in blocking ads
Attempts to circumvent ad-blocking programs have become a cat-and-mouse game for companies that make online marketing.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would block advertising filters on its desktop sites, Adblock Plus posted a post on its website stating that users can update filters in their program and reblock advertising on that social network.
Facebook said on Tuesday that its desktop website will change coding around ads to make it more difficult for advertising filters to find out which parts of the page are advertising.
But AdBlock now says they have already bypassed the new codes.
AdBlock spokesman Ben Williams wrote in a post in the blog that "this kind of war between the community of open source blocking ads and those trying to get around them has persisted since the ad blocking was invented," and that Facebook is likely to come up with more of its own repair.
The fact that the company owning the largest social network in the world was involved in the war only proves how much of a problem ad blocking has become for the industry.
According to the study, tweaks last year were conducted by Pagefair, and Adobe uses advertising filters around 200 million people worldwide - nearly four times what it was in 2013.
Mobile advertising now reaches 84 per cent of profits from advertising on Facebook, every day Facebook from mobile devices visits 1.03 billion active users.
The spokesman said the company goes against advertising filters on desktops, however, because mobile filters advertising on mobile apps for the social network and Instagram don't work.
Desktop ads still represent a profit high enough for Facebook to decide to invest in it.
Facebook also said on Tuesday that it will update a tool for "advertising settings" (ad preferences) to give people a chance to better control how ads are displayed.
On Thursday, Facebook said the new AdBlock filters were worrying them because they could also block content on the site, which is not related to the ads.
"This is not a pleasant experience for people, and we want to solve this problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an emailed statement.
Blocking advertising is an insensitive tool, so we preferred to focus on building tools like Ad Preferences that give control to people.
Woman hit by car on Swiss highway
The victim was lying on the highway in the middle of the night.
Police are looking for witnesses to an incident in which, on Thursday in the morning, several cars were overtaken by a woman who had probably tried to commit suicide.
The accident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight on Thursday.
Police in Vaud said in a statement that the actor's "desperate act" lay in the dark on the road and was run over by several cars.
It is understood the victim, a woman aged 49, wanted to kill herself and was hit by several cars, including a truck.
She died at the scene.
Several drivers have already been interviewed, but according to police, they have still not all been identified.
A criminal investigation has been opened, a "logical" step in a situation like this, said Le Tribune de Geneve legal counsel Gilles Hofstetter.
It is still necessary to determine whether any of the drivers involved will face any charges.
Could the impact have been prevented?
This is what the plaintiff has to find out, "Hofstetter said.
Based on two similar cases from the past five years, it appears that drivers will not be liable.
In both cases - one of which involved a person walking along a highway - it was decided that motorists could not expect a pedestrian crossing the highway in the middle of the night, the newspaper reported.
Last year, a police officer was cleared of charges of negligence after she hit and killed a man lying on the A1 near Paynerne in August 2014.
The court heard that the victim, aged 22, had been drinking alcohol and had passed out on the road.
The court found the police officer - who responded to the emergency call - was driving in a proportionate manner and that the presence of the man on the road was "a completely exceptional and unpredictable situation," said the judge.
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident that occurred at Morges should apply to police on phone numbers 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
A tolerant city.
Prague is a popular destination for the LGBT community.
The Association of Czech Travel Agents and Agencies (AČCKA) expects up to 20,000 visitors to arrive at Prague Pride in Prague.
On Friday, AČCKA's executive director, Catherine Petty, said.
The sixth year of Prague Pride began on 8 August, the festival approaching the lives of leseb, gay, bisexual and transsexual (LGBT).
Last year, about 350,000 people took part in the event.
"Prague is among the most popular destinations of the LGBT community, for a high level of tolerance and a wide range of specialized businesses," said Petty.
According to a survey of organizers, foreign visitors to the festival spend $3100 per person on average daily.
There are special maps of Prague with a complete list of Prague's gay and gay-friendly bars, clubs, cafes and restaurants in the form of mobile apps, etc.
"For tourism in general, the LGBT clientele is very lucrative, interested in stays in higher price sessions with a high standard of travel services and spending more than others," she told Petty.
As part of the festival program, the first Pride Tourism Symposium is taking place this year.
It is being lectured by experts from the LGBT tourism sector from Europe, the US and China.
The festival continues until Sunday 14 August.
The main theme this year is love, but the event will also address several thematic areas that are family, AIDS prevention and transgender issues.
The highlight of the festival will be Saturday's traditional procession with allegorical cars that will go from Wenceslas Square to the Air.
The procession, which has been attended by thousands of people in recent years, this year honors a minute's silence in memory of the victims of the June attack at a nightclub in Orlando where the attacker shot 49 people, mostly homosexuals.
Pat and Mat celebrate forty years.
They have been entertaining small and large spectators for forty years.
The pilot episode of this evening's show by director Lubomir Beneš had its premiere on August 12, 1976.
Behind the creation of this animated series, which is now known to viewers in more than a hundred countries in the world, the cartoon jokes were made by the artist and director Lubomir Beneš, who was making up for a magazine with two couches by the masters of Oushin and Sedlek.
Beneš then invited the dramaturge of George Kubino and the artist Vladimir South to collaborate, and together they created the film The Cuts.
Today's form, with a yellow and red T-shirt and a ball and a radio, was given to the characters in 1979, when he began a series for Slovak television in the Short Film Prague.
The names Pat and Mat were given to the cutters in 1985, and this time it was already right for Short Film Prague.
In 1990, Lubomir Beneš set up his own studio of the animated film AIF Studio in Prague and Zurich, where other parts were created.
After his death in 1995, other parts continued with other creators, many of them involved in Venice's son Mark.
There are now over ninety episodes with stories of these cuisines that all sizzle under their hands, but they are never angry with each other and are always filled with optimism, ideas and cushy enthusiasm, and ultimately they are satisfied with their work, which is evidenced by the familiar gesture "... and it is!"
Pat and Mat have even moved from TV screens to books, on DVD and in theaters, and characters or other toys with depictions of Pat and Mata are the hits of every toy.
A fairytale for Fiji and for two-year-old Harmony.
The end of the week is in the sign of fairy tales, we have chosen one sport and one of life for you.
They both have a good ending.
Well, let's have a look.
Fiji has achieved historic success.
What is the reason for the joy of the whole country?
The two-year-old British girl has an identical friend and is happy with her.
And what kind of things do people spend most at airports?
That's Friday's overview of the world's sites.
The first medal of the Olympic Games.
The historic achievement celebrates the island nation of Fiji.
Rugby's selection of this archipelago beat the United Kingdom's sevens rugby team in the final of the Olympic tournament.
It is the first medal that Fiji has won for itself in the Olympics.
The wait to gain the first valuable metal took sixty years from sending the first expedition to the Olympic Games.
A great credit to the success has been borne by the Fiji coach.
It is ironic, however, that he is the Brit Ben Ryan.
The team has been leading since 2013, and after the finals as a British citizen, he could be happy unlike his countrymen.
"Let's play loose and easy and see if we can make the biggest game in our history," the coach declared before the final.
Fiji eventually ruled it sovereign, and a small state with 900,000 people is now experiencing an Olympic fairytale.
The report was brought by French newspaper Le Monde.
A new friend and happiness for the little girl.
2-year-old Harmonie-Rose Ivy Allen, who has lived without arms and legs since 11 months, got a new friend.
A doll that looks like her.
"Mom, she's like me," the two-year-old girl said, as revealed by her mother for ABC News.
She added that her daughter liked the doll taking off her arms and legs and then sitting together without a prosthetic leg.
Harmony was diagnosed with Type B meningitis in less than a year of life, doctors gave her only a 10 per cent chance of survival.
There's nothing I don't love about her.
She's beautiful, smart, funny and never gives up.
He also has insight.
I saw her represent the other children with the words Hi, I'm Harmonie and I don't have hands, my mother added.
Look at the joy the doll has raised.
What do we spend most at the airport?
CNN delivers a finding that people at airports spend the most on bottled water.
The chain of stores Hudson's travel essential stores has released data for the last year, where it summarizes 10 products that customers buy most frequently in its stores at airports.
The water was sovereign first.
Drinks were generally very popular, placing eight in the top ten.
The ninth place was occupied by a large pack of M & M sweets with coconut flavours.
And can you guess who's closing the top 10?
As the only one of the above, you can't eat.
According to CNN, it's the Wall Street Journal.
Other popular newspapers sold at airports include: The New York Post, The New York Times USA Today.
Among the magazines are US Weekly, In Touch and The Economist.
The Spacer Sovereign.
We're just going to win, Murray and Bond laughed.
Rowers Eric Murray and Hamish Bond of New Zealand supremely fed the category of courtship without a helmsman for seven years and have confirmed their dominance at the Rio de Janeiro Games.
At first glance, the disparate pair went to a smaller crew after the Olympics in Beijing and have been crushing the competition since 2009.
On the lagoon of Rodrigo de Freitas, they clinched a 69th win in a row in Thursday's final.
How are we different from the others?
We're just nicer, Murray joked already during the Olympic regatta, when he was to answer questions about the dominance of the New Zealand pair.
Frankly, we don't do anything different from the others.
We just train hard, very hard.
And we're constantly trying to improve our technique, that's our philosophy, Murray said more seriously.
Their dominance is remarkable because they are physically different.
Murray's nearly two-foot and 100-pound chaser, the academic-looking Bond is five inches smaller and 15 kilograms lighter.
Moreover, they have a different nature.
Bond is studying and devoted to finance, Murray has a charity boxing match, for example.
Because of that, they don't spend much time together outside of rowing.
Eric gets into the ship basically with the fact that we can't lose.
We're just going to win.
I tend to think about what could go wrong, said Bond, who, even at the press conference, demonstrated that Murray was dominant in the crew.
He was always the first to answer, and Bond waited for his chance.
On the water, however, he destroys his opponent with calm strength.
They are riding their pace, and while they are often not in the middle of the line, they have not yet found a recipe for their gradual acceleration.
We're racing on a two-mile track and we never wanted to go the first kilometre of the pitch.
We're just trying to drive the pace that no one else can.
We know what we need to do to win, the 34-year-old Murray said.
With his four years junior partner, he won seven gold medals at the World Championships.
They also triumphed in 2007, when they were both members of the golden four without a helmsman.
Just after the unexpected failure of a larger crew at the Olympics in Beijing a year later, they decided to switch to a double without a helmsman.
At the Olympics in London, arguably the biggest defeat of their career has been undone and dominance confirmed in Rio.
London was very intense.
We did everything the coach told us, and they didn't ask for anything.
It was a little more fun this time.
We knew it was going to be bloody tough, and we had to make sure we were on it psychologically well, Murray said.
We know everyone wants to overthrow us from the throne.
We still have that target on our back.
But we are trying to be half a step ahead of everyone, he added.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
According to projections of NASA's new climate model, Venus was once habitable.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for the Study of Space have developed a model for examining Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate study scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether, once on Venus, whose surface is hot, without water and sizzling CO2, the conditions could be similar to conditions on Earth.
Scientists have previously suggested that the low rate of spin of Venus can be explained by its thick atmosphere.
But, according to the latest simulations, it appears that Venus may once have prided itself on a thin atmosphere similar to Earth, while turning slowly.
The model also addressed the earlier topography of Venus.
On the planet, the areas were probably drier than Earth, but once there was enough water and geographical diversity to rule life on it and provide protection against rapid evaporation.
Venus previously also used the Sun, which was 30 percent more muted.
"In the simulation of GISS Venus during slow spin, it exposes its daily side to the sun for almost two months at a time," explained GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio in a new report.
This leads to the warming of the surface and the formation of rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds that act like an umbrella and the surface stitched before too much solar heat.
The result is a climate with average temperatures that are actually slightly lower than currently on Earth.
The model set up a story of Venus similar to an evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
Although Venus was probably habitable in the past -- over several billion years -- it was exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Its oceans evaporated and the water vapor was burned by ultraviolet light.
The hydrogen escaped, leaving only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with the deadly effect of the greenhouse gas -- that's Venus, as we know it today.
Researchers published their results from the new climate model of Venus in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as Colorado Avalanche team coach
Patrick Roy resigned his post as coach and vice president of hockey operations team Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing the impossibility of taking part in the decision-making process on team issues.
The executive vice president / general manager of Colorado, Joe Sakic, confirmed the move, saying the club would start looking for a new coach immediately.
"For the last three years, I have served as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche, with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in a statement.
I've thought long and hard over the summer about how I can improve the team, give it the depth it needs and get it to a higher level.
In order to achieve this, the vision of the coach and vice president of hockey operations must be consistent with the organization's vision.
They must also be able to participate in decisions that have an impact on the team's performance.
These conditions are currently not met.
Sakic, who accepted Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his benefits to the team.
"Patrick informed me of his decision today," Sakic said.
We appreciate everything he has done for our organisation and wish him well in the future.
Roy was nominated to win Jack Adams as the league's best coach during his first season with the Avalanche 2013 / 2014.
He led the team to a gain of 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division.
The Avalanche team in the 2015 / 2016 season reached the score 39-39-4 and lacked five points to get the second wild card in the Western Conference.
Goalie Roy, who enrolled in the Hall of Fame, has won the Stanley Cup four times -- twice with the Montreal Canadiens and twice with the Avalanche.
Workers on North Sea oil rig resume talks and interrupt strike
Leaders of the negotiating parties said the strikes over wages for oil rig workers in the North Sea were cut off while all sides of the dispute descended on a new round of negotiations.
The strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group sporadically took place on North Sea platforms operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and the trade unions Unite and the RMT can confirm that they have agreed to renew the process for dealing with current disagreements," the statement says.
Starting next week, we will have a series of all-day meetings over the next few weeks, where we will try to look at the problems from new angles.
According to trade unions, their recent action, which they said was the first in more than 25 years, in protest against wage cuts of up to 30 per cent.
Earlier this year, Wood Group cut rates and paid its North Sea suppliers about 9 per cent less due to negative market pressure.
The company's rate cut comes after a 10 per cent cut for coastal companies in 2014.
The company says further cuts would give the company space to cope with the market downturn.
On the other hand, Shell removed thousands of people from its payrolls and announced plans to abandon oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries to upgrade its processes - immediately after a mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure because of low oil prices, the economic situation linked to Britain's June decision to leave the European Union.
Member of Parliament of Scotland Dave Anderson met union leaders at the start of this week to discuss one of the biggest working disagreements of an entire generation that led to a strike in the North Sea.
The North Sea, he said, is vital to the region's economy.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for everyone, not just for some," he said in a statement.
For comparison, nearly $1.4 billion of investment in new North Sea projects is expected in 2016, while the average over the past five years has been around $7 billion.
Kepler measures the speed of turning stars in the Pleiades
The latest mission of the Kepler space telescope to help astronomers is to get an almost complete list of the speed of turning stars from the Pleiades star cluster.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in the star cluster are spinning at different speeds, as well as how the turning time is related to the formation of the planet.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between star mass, its age and even history in its solar system," Luisa Rebulla, a research researcher at the Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a new report.
The Pleiades Cluster is located 445 light-years from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster are now reaching maturity and formed about 125 million years ago.
It is now turning the fastest.
In moments of maximum rotation, these teenage stars release huge amounts of stellar wind.
Because these winds move along the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a slowing effect on them.
Along with the way the star is getting older, its rate of spin is slowing.
Kepler measures the spin rate of each star by measuring the time between discovering discernible points on the stars -- similar to the sun's spots.
According to the latest data on spin speeds, larger stars turn more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebulla likens the stars to the dancers, the bigger they make the pirouettes slower than the smaller ones.
"In" Ballet, "we see that slower spinning stars are more massive, while those that spin the fastest are usually very light stars," Rebulla said.
Because the Pleiades Cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory for comparing star quality and spin speed.
"The Pleiades provide an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, in both younger and older stars," Rebull said.
There's still a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow down their rate of spin and so to speak "hang their dancing shoes on a nail."
Rebulla and her colleagues detailed the latest analysis of the rate of turning of the Pleiades in three studies, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Is the qualifying deal necessary?
If I did not apply, then the qualifying agreement would not be closed, and after a few months I could go to another hospital?
Is it even possible to work without signing up for special education after learning?
I am concerned that in a field in which I would like to work, there is now a vacancy only in a slightly more remote hospital, but in about half a year there could be a vacancy in another where I would like to work afterwards.
So I don't know how to deal with the situation about that half-year, the inquiry continues.
Matches Mgr. Luna Wolf.
No legislation provides for an obligation to conclude a qualifying agreement with the employer - the hospital.
The Qualification Agreement is a legal institute regulated by the Labour Code and may be concluded between the employee and the employer in order to ensure a return on the costs incurred in raising or deepening the employee's qualifications.
In the area of health, there is a long-term pressure to not close these agreements with a view to ensuring the labour mobility of health workers, and not all hospitals currently require this agreement.
According to Law No 95 / 2004 Sb., on the conditions for the acquisition and recognition of professional competence and specialised competence for the medical profession of a doctor, a dentist and a pharmacist, it is expressly stated that participation in specialised training is considered to be a deepening of the qualification (not to increase it).
This means that a qualifying agreement can be concluded under the Labour Code only if the costs amount to at least £75,000.
There is no legislation or obligation to sign up for special education.
The law merely lays down the conditions for the application for inclusion in the field of special education.
However, according to the law, the doctor is entitled to pursue the profession of doctor by completing the necessary university studies, albeit under statutory conditions (under the professional supervision of a doctor with specialised competence in the relevant field).
The Law foresees a situation in which professional experience in a different field of specialisation may be included in the specialised training of a physician if its content and scope correspond to the relevant training programme.
In theory, it would be possible to calculate the time worked elsewhere, which would be consistent with the questioner's situation.
However, in view of the fact that I do not know the circumstances of this case, a consultation with the relevant department of the Ministry of Health (Department of Science and Medical Professions) can be recommended, as the Ministry of Health provides, by law, a counselling and consultation service related to inclusion in special education and its progress.
The consulting service shall also be provided free of charge by the Czech Medical Chamber, of which each doctor must be a member.
Doctors from Syria's Halaba are asking for US intervention.
The United States made no effort to end the siege (rebel-held parts of the city by government troops), and did not use its influence to enforce the protection of civilians, a letter addressed to the White House told AFP.
"We do not need tears, compassion, and even prayers; however, we desperately need to create a no-fly zone over East Halab to stop the attacks, and we need international action to ensure that Halab will not be surrounded again," the doctors said.
Russian forces, which support the military loyal to President Bashar al-Assad, have announced that they will stop every day for three hours of strikes in the Halaba area to allow safe passage to humanitarian convoys.
From 9: 00 to 12: 00, all military activities, air attacks and artillery fire are to be stopped.
The UN's head of humanitarian operations, Stephen O'Brien, welcomed it, stressing however that there was a need for at least a two-day ceasefire.
On Obama, 15 of the 35 doctors who operate in the eastern part of Halaba are already controlled by rebels, according to AFP.
They write that during the five-year war they witnessed the violent, cruel death of countless patients, friends and colleagues.
The world takes into account and notes how complex Syria is, but does little to protect us.
Recent offers of evacuating residents from the Syrian regime and Russia sound like only thinly veiled threats, pediatricians, surgeons and other doctors have said.
Doctors said there had been 42 attacks on medical facilities in Syria over the past month, from 15 to the hospitals in which they work.
The most sad is that we have to decide who lives and who dies.
There are young children coming to the ER with such serious injuries that we have to pick among them the ones most likely to survive.
And sometimes we don't even have the necessary material to help them, the doctors described.
Four newborns were suffocated two weeks ago when an explosion interrupted the supply of oxygen to their incubators.
They were gasping for breath, and then their lives were over - before they could actually begin, they recalled.
An army loyal to President Bashar al-Assad, backed by Russian forces, has besieged the rebel-controlled eastern part of Halaba in past weeks, inside with no food supplies of over 200,000 people.
The rebels, who are under constant strikes by the Russian and Syrian air force, managed to break the siege on Saturday after three weeks and launch a counter-offensive.
Both sides then had reinforcements in the city and its surrounding area.
